The newtimesecrities Wang Jie's profit point, and the Nan Pharmacy Drives Performance Growth
Click here to enter the text. The competition has increased, and the two-head pattern has been laid: the Xanax Group has withdrawn Wang Ji's brand and the competition has opened up. Wang Qi is an old feature of the Xanax.
Cards, Gardobo, marched for cold tea by renting Wang Ji's brand from the Quantico Group. In 2012, the Quantico Group took back Wang Ji's brand, and Gadau made a quick increase through large-scale advertising inputs, while Wang Qi took back his brand and invested heavily in capacity and channel building.
Industry is growing rapidly, and the industry is moving from flower to double-hatted patterns. In 2010-2015, the cold tea production was 14.36% in five years and began to move into a single-digit growth zone in 2016, with firms taking measures to lower sales prices or give in to channels, with malignant competition leading to a declining rate of cold tea Maori, and industry shuffling.
The majority of brands have been removed from the market, with Wang Ji and Gado Po making up nearly 90% of the city.
On July 28, 2017, the battle over the red can ended with a first-instance verdict of $1.44 billion in compensation for the White Cloud Hills. The brand + channel helped Wang Jing find a profit point. Wang Ji-jin is strong, his history is strong, and the short board of the channel is gradually completed, and he is fighting against the Gardo-Po Chamber.
The net interest rate on the health of Wang Ji, who helped build brands and channels, has been raised every year, reaching 7.36% in 2017 (3.5% in 2013), and Wang Jing is gradually gaining profit points.
• The rapid growth of medicaments and medicaments, with large commercial and medical multi-problems layouts: In 2017, the medium-formulation drug generated an operating income of $3.914 billion (+21.61 per cent) and a growth rate of more than 50 per cent in large single items; and in 2017, sales of 563 million yuan (+40.70 per cent) were made in Gingo, based on policy support.
The mountain is the largest retail network and distribution centre for pharmaceutical logistics in South China, with absolute ownership of the medicine in Guangzhou, gradually becoming the most robust regional leader of the domestic system.
1. Head of the pharmaceutical and health industry in the South China region 1.1. The country has been re-established and placed on the market. In 1997, eight pharmaceutical manufacturers and three pharmaceutical trading enterprises belonging to the Guangguo Group were in White Cloud Mountain.
The company is now focused on the pharmaceutical industry and is a major collector of Chinese medicine, with Chinese medicine production and medical logistics being the largest in the South China region, while the health section has a national brand name, Wang Yang.
1.2. Guangzhou’s leading company, successful in the piloting of the transformation of the company’s holdings, 45.04% shareholding, and Guangzhou City’s State Property Supervisory Board, with 100% shareholding of the company’s real control. In August 2016, the company adopted a fixed increase of $7,886 million.
Introduction of Guangzhou State Capital Development Holdings Ltd., Guangzhou State Life City Industrial Development Investment Enterprise, Shanghai Clouds, New Equity Investment Centre, and Staff Holding Scheme.
There is a wide participation in the employee holding scheme, with a high percentage of non-supervisors. The amount of subscriptions per manager, non-supervisor, is approximately $790,000 and $70,000 respectively, representing 7.9 per cent and 92.1 per cent respectively, with deep binding of employee and corporate interests.
Baek Yunshan earned $20,954 million in 2017, an increase of 4.58 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $2,062 million for the mother, and a substantial increase in the volume of goods delivered, with an operating income of $6,909 million, an increase of 30.66 per cent in the same year; and a net profit of 9.05 for the mother, which accounts for 40.92 per cent and 37.20 per cent, respectively.
2. Pre-cost investment is too high, rational competition is ahead of industry, 2.1, industry is entering maturity, income growth is slowing down, low growth is occurring in 2017, and the cold tea industry is entering maturity.
The main areas have been saturated, the product has been slow, and the market has been growing at a single-digit rate.
Phase-out, including cold tea on the Xanax, too cool tea on the Tai Chi group, and fire in your state Bullin. For example, Gato Po and Wang Lao Ji have a market share of 90% or more on an almost equal footing. The industry has a turning point: (1) Gato Po is changing cans, adding production lines and drawing too much blood for the marketing of push cans; and (2) Gato Po is facing a huge lawsuit.
The industry moves from share to profit, and the competition is smoother. 2.2. Market rivalries are too expensive and there is an urgent need to improve profits.
The price of the cannery tea cannery dropped by 15-25% between 2011 and 2012. And the huge amount of media investment on both sides resulted in a high level of profit competition and a reduction in profit space.
In some areas, Wang Jie and Gado Po compete for a restaurant, the input may reach the strength of 10 boxes for delivery to five or even seven boxes. If the normal ticket opening price is $60/box, the price of 10 boxes for delivery to five cases is $40/box, the price discount alone has already been lost.
Of the many old-word cool teas, Wang Ji is most famous. Wang Jie is a fully-owned subsidiary of Bai Yunshan, with the main red can, the red bottle, and the new forms of sugar-free, solid, current-style cold tea.
In August 2017, the Supreme Court ruled that the Guang Pharmacy Group and Guangdong Gato Po could share the interests of the famous goods in the red cans, and that the competition was smoother.
Wang Jie, who has always been rich in products, has a clear competitive advantage. Gadobao has only the same recipe for commonly packaged cold tea, while Wang Ji, thanks to a healthy platform and research and development, has been running his sugar-free cold tea, black cold tea, and hilly time in 2017. In 2018, the TV show Big Forward was launched. New products and new packagings are custom-made beverages.
It's a big consumer eye, and it's better than the Gatau.
Figure 8: Appearance won the 2017 German Red Dot Award for young people
The brand rating authority, Chnbrand, published the Chinese brand strength index sm (c-bpi), 2018 (eighth) brand ranking and analysis report, and Wang Jing won the second and third place for two years.
There is much room for improvement in profitability, and the business model promotes development 3.1, and brand power upgrades are expected to boost profitability.
In 2017, under arbitration, the shareholders of the former joint venture, Wang Jing Pharmacy, transferred 48.05% of their shares to White Cloud Mountain.
The transfer of Queen Jing Pharmacy has become a holding subsidiary for three years, with Wang Jing receiving $8,574 million in 2017, an increase of 10.36%, and 40,92%. With Wang Jing's diversified product, Wang Jing's health camp will be raised further.
The camp has been improving. At a slower pace of competition in the industry, the Māori rate has risen to 45.25 per cent, near its highest level ever, Wang Guixiang Māori rates and net interest rates have improved by 3.2 per cent, marketing rates are expected to decline in the future, and marketing focuses on diversity and rejuvenation.
With Wang Jie's health as the main focus of the marketing campaign, the investment in consumer promotion will be reduced, and the company’s overall marketing costs will be reduced in the future. Wang Jie’s marketing strategy is moving in the direction of diversification and rejuvenation.
To strengthen brand pluralism and rejuvenation through sports, philosophies, culture, and so on, young stars are invited to speak out, and Wang Jie is a “breaker” in his own self-development and dares to innovate and break himself.
3.3 The National Production Base for Light Assets, which optimizes production and supply chain operations, and expands the market. Wang Jing has now gradually deployed production bases throughout the country, using a light asset model in cooperation with local governments, with local government input into the plant, Wang Jing providing personnel and technology, etc.
In the course of the year, Wang Ji Dae-hwan's health plan to invest an initial total of about $800 million in the construction of Wang Jie's cold tea production base and Wang Ji's big health research and development centre in Lanzhou will contribute to the further development of the Northwest tea market, increase Wang Ji's share of the cold tea market in the North West, reduce supply costs, and achieve high-quality economic development in Gansu through “blood transfusion plus blood transfusion”
Figure 14: Distribution of Wang Laoji National Production Base, Great Nan Pharmacy + Big Business + Big Medical Care, Faster Chinese Medicines + Faster Chemical Simulation Pharmaceuticals is the point of growth in the future
The Office of the State Council issues an Opinion on Reforms to Improve the Policy on the Security and Use of Pharmacology. The provinces, guided by their opinions, actively seek solutions and promote the decision-making process.
The cost of medicines has increased rapidly, and the price of medicines has been on the same schedule. The number of medicines imported rose from $5,864 million in 2008 to $28,860 million in 2017, representing an annual compound growth rate of 19 per cent. In 2010, the country spent 13,392 million yuan on basic health insurance for urban residents, rising to 13,97.32 million yuan in 2016, with an annual compound growth rate of 39 per cent.
The national cost of medicines has been high, and the process of future import substitution will be linked to the national strategy, as well as the policy’s motivation to reduce the cost of medications and health-care pressures. Channels will be expanded to improve drug sales performance.
The cooperative effort to optimize the distribution of pharmaceutical products in the pipeline, which generated income of $3.914 billion in 2017, an increase of 21.61 per cent in the same year, a decline from the previous period, and the addition of new channels, such as the Tokyo Electrician, has facilitated the sale of pharmaceutical products. Chemical products have been on a steady upward trend for the last three years, with revenues of $3.882 billion in 2017, an increase of 5.26 per cent.
The company’s pharmaceutical revenues are growing rapidly. For the company’s new counterfeits in recent years (“Kingo”), sales in 2017 amounted to $563 million, the same year-on-year growth rate of 40.70 per cent, the largest increase in the South Pharmacist, and the highest single product in the company. With the company’s retail end-out layout, the otc end-out has accelerated the promotion of gold.
The pace of the production of the goods and the accumulation of the gingo market, the increase in consumer awareness, the competitiveness of the market will be substantial, with a faster increase in proceeds from the sale of renal gestation pills, congenial valves and replanting pills, with sales of 171, 216 million yuan in 2017, or 52.68 per cent in comparison with the corresponding growth rate of 52.68 per cent in 2017.
Extension of end-use pharmacies: sales and growth rates of major products of the company 4.2, major producers of Chinese medicine in the South, comprehensive integration of the new version of the list of beneficiaries
The company and the joint venture have three national drug protection varieties, 54 national drug protection varieties, and over 13 million monolithic products, with clear medium-size drug plates and variety advantages in the South China region and in the country as a whole.
There are 736 types of companies and joint enterprises, 411 of which are included in the National Catalogue of Essential Medicines, 459 are included in the National Catalogue of Essential Health Insurance, Occupational Injury Insurance and Maternity Insurance Medicines and 479 in the Provincial Catalogue of Essential Health Insurance, Occupational Injury Insurance and Maternity Insurance Medicines.
In 2017, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security published a new version of the health insurance catalogue, with Chen Li Zi Quancian capsules from White Cloud Mountain, and San Kong's seven-star tea on the list. With the release of the two-child policy, the population grew significantly in 2016, but the number of births declined in 2017.
It's still in its second highest position in recent years, with two new entrants into the market space, promising a large future for the pharmaceutical plate, some of the new varieties in the health-care catalogue in White Cloud Mountain, the most Chinese-named company, many of the otc-medium-priced drug varieties in the future.
High-quality generics with their size, variety, brand advantage will also benefit from industry shuffle belts 4.3, large business plates: retail plus logistics plus electricity dealers, a well-placed South China flagship retail plus logistics plus electricity providers, and a well-developed commercial layout.
The largest retail network and distribution centre for pharmaceutical logistics in South China have been set up. At the end of 2017, there were 68 pharmaceutical retail outlets for companies and joint ventures, with long-term and strong partnerships with more than tens of thousands of clients, thanks to sound market roots and strong marketing networks.
Guangzhou Pharmaceuticals is a drug-flowing enterprise dominated by the pharmaceutical supply chain, the largest Chinese and foreign joint venture in the country, and a focused firm of the “Great South” drug “wide drug group” business.
Thirty% of the stock held in Guangzhou medicine and a transfer to the company of all the remaining 20% of the stock held in Guangzhou medicine. At present, Guangzhou medicine is a controlling subsidiary with 80% of the stock held by the company, which facilitates the consolidation of assets, the synergy of assets, and the enhancement of profitability.
Medical electricians: A strategic partnership with Ali ' s health under Ali Baba has been reached, with the Wide-Purpose Healthy People ' s Network becoming a health-care Internet pointout shop for the country ' s first home to get off-card online. The e-commerce sales platform is one of the marketing channels that companies will focus on in the future. The White Cloud Mountain flagship has set up e-commerce terminals, such as Skycat and Kyundong.
The sales platform will generate about $16 million in 2017.
One of the companies of the Aribaba Group’s investment holding companies, with a user-centred focus, provides comprehensive Internet solutions for the pharmaceutical health industry, significantly improving the efficiency of medical purchases. Operations are concentrated in areas such as pharmaceutical electricians, smart medicine, product traceability, etc.
A joint venture of Guangzhou and Guangzhou Healthy People's Medicines has been set up to create a “public, convenient, professional” health-care and consumer-service platform that provides consumers with an easy and comprehensive health-consumption experience. The Wide Pharmacy Group, a self-employed brand in the Greater Tokyo Pharmacy, will be online in product sales, brand operations, pharmacist services, Chinese medicine culture.
In order to take advantage of the future development opportunities of the domestic pharmaceutical retailing industry, cooperation with chains of pharmacies has been strengthened to promote the sale of pharmaceutical retail products by companies in the south-west region.
Participation in subscriptions for undisclosed shares amounting to $800 million, representing 6.92% of shares after distribution. It is hoped that later on, with one-minded advantage in the south-west, strong alliances will be achieved to share the great development opportunities of the pharmaceutical retailing industry and to promote the company’s distribution of retail terminals and the company’s retail pharmaceutical products.
Sales in the south-west market. Figure 21: Distribution of 5066 direct-camp chains, 4.4. Large medical plates: medical services + medical devices + medical feeding, diversified layout
In the area of medical services, the Guangzhou Bai Yunshan Hospital has evolved from the Social Hospital to a comprehensive secondary medical service, mainly rehabilitation-oriented, supported by bone and urology, and integrated with medical care.
In the area of health and maintenance, the construction of a Tibetan lyceum-style citadel has been fully built and the business model has been explored. In the area of medical equipment, a joint venture has been established to set up the Guangzhou Public Medical Equipment Company to set up a platform for the operation of an innovative incubation park for medical devices and to promote the layout and development of the medical equipment industry.
5. Prospective and investment proposals for profits, taking into account Wang Jig’s obvious advantages, accelerating the downside, focusing on rejuvenating marketing, while building on research and development platforms to develop a large number of new products, will increase profitability in the future.
In 2017, sales of a number of single items grew by more than 50 per cent, with large food safety risks, changing consumer preferences and increased competition in the industry as a result of scale effects and cost advantages of centralized purchases.