The rise in the round-up has been sustained over the past three consecutive quarters, and the market share has continued to rise, with revenues of 2.81 billion yuan (Yoy+17 per cent, qoq+14 per cent), with net profit not attributable to the mother-to-child (Yoy-113.6 per cent), due to factors such as the rate of separation of device crop dynamics and product prices.
huhui2@guosen.com.cn holds shares in lysium technology, and the fair value changes affect the company’s net profit. 1h24 integrated circuits increase by 29% on a year-on-year basis, and the volume of ipm modules and circuit products is accelerating.
The open circuit camp generated 2,035 million yuan (yoy+29 per cent), while the Maori rate was 31.12 per cent (yoy+0.42 pct), with the advantage that the product ipm module received 1,413 million yuan (yoy+50 per cent) and the white power sector produced 83 million more goods, an increase of 56 per cent; and the mems camp collected 115 million dollars, which was affected by the fall in sensor prices.
A domestic smartphone manufacturer's bulk order is expected to increase substantially in the second half of the year; in addition, 32 tons of mcu have increased by about 28% over the same period, accelerating their volume in conjunction with industry and white-electric customers. Sranco 12-inch production lines will be built for a car-grade bcd circuit capacity, with additional capacity expected to be released at 1q25.
The 1h24 split unit collection increased by 4% in the same year, and the automobile product moved fast. The 1h24 split device collection affected the decline in the Māori rate, with the product structure being optimized continuously: the company ' s revenue of 783 million yuan, or more than 30% in the same year, the company ' s gbt main drive module in Biadi, Gilly, Snack, and wide.
Many domestic and international customers, such as Mol, Sinkkawa, Dong Feng, Chang An, have made bulk deliveries of products such as igbt single tubes and moss. The carbonated silicon main drive module has been delivered in bulk, and the carbonated silicon is continuously released.
Chip production is expected to reach 9,000 at the end of the three quarters, and 12,000 at the end of the 24th quarter. The auto-drive module, based on autonomous research and development, has been validated by customers such as Jili, Sumikawa, and has begun bulk production and delivery; and the Tiando Plate fence is sic.
The development of mosfet technology has been initially completed. Investment proposals: price fluctuations have a greater impact on the net profits of the company as a result of the company's holdings of XEXT, RoadsTech shares, with 1h24 fair value changes of $162 million; and separate device products
Slander (60046.sh) - Product and customer breakthroughs, carbonated silicon main drive module price drops, 1h24 Māori is lower than we had previously expected; combined with the current Māori product of the company separation device, Slander (60046.sh)-2023, has a high rate of innovation in the first quarter, and profits are still short term.
Slavish (60460.sh) - second quarter growth of about 10 per cent, ring growth of 6046.sh - 3.25 per cent increase in the first quarter of the year, and one month of March, Slavish (604.sh) - 15 per cent increase in the same year of 22 years and 12 inches of chip production
Figure 3: Companies ' non-net profits and rate of increase over the last five years (Billions, %) Figure 4: Companies ' Māori rates and net interest rates over the last five years (%, %) Figure 5: Companies ' cost over the last five years (%)
Figure 6: Companies ' R & D inputs and share of revenue (billion yuan, %) downstream applications cover industry applications and are therefore more synchronized with the overall cycle of semiconductors. After 22 years, global semiconductors enter the adjustment period and market demand, such as consumer electronics, is weak, compared to the company’s global head firm, Ansomé,
Lower product prices lead to lower Māori rates and net interest rates for industry companies. The Māori rate is still affected by increased competition in the industry, lower prices for power devices, and higher crop rates in the company during the second quarter, with Māori rates of 17.96 per cent.
At present, the company's business consists mainly of separate devices, integrated circuits, luminous diodes (led) and other operations, taking into account the income from the operations of the 1h24 company and adjusting the company's business income and product Māori ratio: Discrete devices: mainly power-related devices in this field, companies' excess mosfet, igbt, frd, sgt
In the first half of 2024, the company collected 2,399 million yuan in separateware products, and the powerware price adjustment affected the company ' s Māori ratio, with half of the split devices.
The annual Māori rate of 14.51 per cent, a decline of 9.42 ptt compared to the previous period, is lower than we had anticipated, and the prices of corporate products are expected to be stable after the second half of the month of the year, with downward demand for consumption, industry, etc.; 12 inches of line production Integrated circuits: the business consists mainly of ipm modules, mems sensors, dc-dc circuits, led and low voltage power.
Products such as machine-driven circuits, 32-bit mcu circuits, fast-loaded circuits; 2,035 million yuan in corporate integrated circuits in the first half of 2024, an increase of 29 per cent over the same period.
Episodes: The business consists of the Slander, the Led chip in Slander and the Led screen pixel tube in Mercala Light Power, which collects $417 million (Yoy+33%) from 1h24th Battalion, and the subsidiary Mercala Light Power has been active in expanding the market. Its operating income has increased by about 84% over the same period last year.
In high-end areas such as surveillance and surveillance, Led operations are expected to be gradually repaired as product structures are optimized, and we expect the authors to ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; the authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.