2024q2 battalion co-ops growth and continued expansion of downstream applications The fair value of non-current financial assets (stocks) in Slanwa (600460.0.sh) fell; (2) downstream trams, new energy markets competitively added
Theatrical, the price of some of the products fell faster and the Māori rate decreased; (3) the 6-inch-sic production line of the subsidiary slamming ancreage was still in progress, with relatively high fixed costs, such as depreciation: (4) research and development inputs continued to grow, and a steady recovery in demand led to an overall improvement in corporate performance and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
* Downstream applications have continued to expand and companies have increased their multi-business revenues: (1) integrated circuit operations have generated 2,035 million yuan, or 39 per cent of the total, compared with 29 per cent, and the increase is mainly due to products such as the ipm module, the ac-dc circuit, and the 32-bit mcu circuit.
The volume of goods has increased significantly. Of these, the ipm camp is growing faster, at a rate of 50 per cent on the same year, and the products have been widely applied to downstream household power, industry and vehicle customers, and future harvests are expected to increase more; (2) the stand-alone units, which are operating at 2024h1, have received 2,399 million yuan, or 45 per cent of the total, compared to +4 per cent. Of these, mosfet, +4 per cent.
Products such as igbt devices are growing faster. In addition to accelerating the opening of large white power, industrial controls, etc., the company has started to speed up its access to markets such as electric cars, new energy, arithmetic, etc., such as the company’s autonomous v. 2023q4 performance ring recovery, electric cars plus new energy.
The mainframe power-driven module for the gbt and frd chips is now accelerating the layout of multiple domestic and international sources, including Biadi, Gilley, corporate updates, mass delivery by households, and (3) luminous diode operations are generating $417 million, representing the total revenue.
8%, +33%. In response to the fall in product prices, the company is expected to recover its future performance by accelerating the roll-out of new items, such as plant illumination chips, by accelerating the roll-out of miniled, microled o3 performance short-term pressure, multi-operational layout support, and by showing new chips.
Medium- and Long-term Development - Corporate Information Updates