The ipm module is growing rapidly and the sic production line continues to climb up the slope — Slanwa (600460.sh) incident assessment report. Slanwa released its semi-annual report for 2024: the company achieved its camp in the first half of 2024.
Revenue from the industry was $5,274 million, an increase of 17.83 per cent, net profit of $126 million on non-recurring gains and losses attributable to shareholders in listed companies, resulting in net profit pressure from non-prime-based restructuring and revenue recovery
During the first half of 2024, the company continued to expand products such as analogue circuits, igbt devices, ipm smart power modules, pim power modules, carbonated silicon power modules, excess mosfet devices, mcu circuits, compound chips and devices in large whites.
The promotion of high-threshold markets such as electricity, communications, industry, new energy sources, cars and so on, operating income increased by 17.83 per cent over the same period, and the loss of net profit on the basis of the net profit on the ground was mainly due to the fact that the company held other non-current financial assets, such as S&T, AZT shares.
Prices fell, resulting in net after-tax gains of 16,217 ipm module delivery, with further expansion of the encapsulation line output, resulting in operating income for the company Ipm module reaching 1,413 million yuan in the first half of 2024.
The RMB, which grew by about 50% over the same year, has significantly accelerated the delivery of goods. At present, company 1, Slanwa (600460): the q2 profit end IPM module has been widely applied to downstream household electricity, industry and car customers.
Short-term pressure, multi-product layout support medium- and long-term, with a large number of mainstream white-suppliers in the country developing white-suppliers like FACs 2023-09-01
More than 83 million Slanipm modules were used, an increase of about 2 per cent over the same period, and Slanwa (600460): a steady harvest of 56 per cent. The subsidiary, Chengdu, has been able to maintain steady production, with operating income increasing by about the same amount.
Growth, with more than 18% of the power semiconductor Idm tap, and a significant increase in profitability. In the second half of the year, Chengdu will accelerate the implementation of the three-phase project to further expand the production capacity of the ipm module sealing line.
3. Slanwa (600460): The product structure is expected to continue to grow rapidly in the future from the company ' s operating income of the ipm module.
In the first half of 2024, the company accelerated the push of the "Slamin Xisic power unit core."
Construction of a production line. Slaminium has now developed a production capacity of 6,000 6 inches of chip per month, which is expected to reach 900 units per month by the end of the three quarters and 12,000 units per month by the end of 2024.
As the production capacity is still on the slope, the sic chip output is relatively low, the assets are lost, and the fixed production costs, such as the old ones, are relatively high, resulting in higher losses.
Modules have been validated by customers such as Gilly, Hitchuan, and bulk production and delivery has begun. With the rapid upswing of the Slanming Pisic chip production line, output increases are expected to gradually decrease in the second half of the year, followed by increased corporate profits.
With the company’s ipm module and sic output increasing, subsequent revenues and profits are expected to rise, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of investment. The risk is that downstream demand falls short of expectations.
• Presentation by the Electronic Communications Group: Mao Jianxian University Masters in Materials, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in the global lead semiconductor advanced process project, five years of experience in commodity securities research, and employment in 2018-2020
Ko Yong-hoon: Dr. Physics from the University of Gangdan, who worked in China as Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Luzhoyang: Master of Arts from the National University of Australia, who worked in Fangzheng Securities, four years of experience in research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.