Net gain of $104 million after tax in the first half of the year for materials and materials (60803) is expected to continue to grow in the future
Incidents: On August 22, Santos announced an agreement with the owners of quadrantenergy for $2.15 billion plus the bedout basin-related or paid for 100% of the acquisition of quadrant. On August 23, Santos issued a report in the first half of 2018, which achieved net post-tax profits
1. The expansion of the acquisition of santos has led to positive performance growth and the consolidation of a leading natural gas industry, Quadrant, with an area of 52,000 square kilometres of oil and gas blocks and assets, the bulk of which were surveyed and developed in the Carnarvon Basin, Australia ' s largest offshore oil and gas production area.
Upon the completion of the acquisition: (1) santos will acquire conventional Western Australian gas assets with long-lived and stable cash flows to upgrade maritime operating experience and capabilities. (2) Based on total equity/flow (million shares) at the end of 2017
Includes business consolidation and other one-time costs. (4) Free cash flow forecast by santos in 2018 to balance oil prices by a further $4/bpd to approximately $32/bb. (5) New Olympic stock performance advance rating: santos industry
By the end of 2018, the net liability rate is expected to be about 34 per cent, down to about 30 per cent by the end of 2019, with a fine of $1.5 billion. We believe that this acquisition will contribute to the re-evaluation of santos' profitable shares: santos refused the port.
Ping, while consolidating the leadership of the gas industry, the Gulf offer represents a good asset quality and a significant improvement in the business performance of 2.santos in the first half of the year.
In 2018h1, despite the impact of the earthquake (impact) and the planned one-month shutdown of Bayuundan/darwinlng, the volume of production by santos decreased respectively, energy prices rose, and the company achieved an oil price of $75.37/bp, +38 per cent; and an eng price of $8.96/
In the reporting period, the operating income of santos was $1.680 billion, or +16 per cent; ebitdax, $883 million, or +23 per cent; net liability, $2,437 million, or ~17 per cent; losses, or impairments, of $506 million, resulted in significant improvements in the performance of santos.
The Council has decided to pay 3.5 cents/shares (full tax relief) in accordance with the sustainable distribution policy.
The sale is expected to be completed in the second half of 2018, at which time the profits to be accrued from the sale are expected to exceed the net impairment of assets generated by the company during the first half of the year, i.e., the additional profits of over $76 million.
Cara gas, main coal, methanol, gas production, energy technology engineering, etc.
Profit projections and financial indicators: net after-tax gain of $104 million in the first half of the year for santos, projected to continue to grow in the future
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.