Hu Jiamin: 30 per cent net gain in 2016, in line with expectations 10,213 million yuan in 2016, 18.38 per cent increase in yoy, $4,451 million net profit, yoy
As the country’s largest urban-life media network, companies are working to build the country’s leading platforms for lbs and 020 precision media interaction. The domestic media and cinema media markets continue to improve, as the number of company-based media terminals and screens covering cinemas increases.
Youy increased by 1838%, net profits by $44.51 billion, yoy by 313.4%, compared to previous performance forecasts of billions, yoy by 44.72%. The main reason for the higher rate of net profit growth than the higher rate of recovery is firmness.
Media rental costs and employees’ salaries and sales costs are regulated. The building’s media pole: closed spaces such as elevators, cinemas, etc. allow advertising to be made mandatory, non-selective and high-frequency, and passive media advertising is increasingly favoured by advertisers.
The Division ' s share of the building ' s video and frame media market is about 95% and 70%, the lead in the channel and the scarcity of media resources give companies a high level of industry pricing, and in recent years there has been a steady increase in the company ' s standard prices for video publications and there is still room for improvement in the future. The company ' s buildings are expected to be built over the next two years.
The growth in revenue from the media business is expected to remain double-digit. The growth in advertising is fast: companies have developed a stronger competitive edge in cinema media, with up to 60% of the advertising market before the show.
The growth in the number of screens covered and the increase in the price of publications, based on the rapid increase in the revenue from the online advertising in 2016, we believe that the company's media revenues will continue to be faster over the next two years, accelerating the construction of the biosphere: the company's commitment to building “media advertisements plus sports entertainment plus life services”
The company has invested 1.6 billion in multi-investment funds and increased its investment window abroad by 1 billion in Shanghai, and now has many projects in the field of sports and Internet excellence. It can be expected that companies will continue to provide sports and recreation, life services and services.
In the area of Internet finance, to accelerate the promotion of the entertainment and ecosphere strategies, the expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: