On August 22, the Bank issued its 2024th semi-annual report: in the first half of 2024, it achieved an increase of 0.86% in business growth.
At the end of 2024h, the Bank of Hewlett had a total assets of 10.35 trillion yuan, an increase of 4.65 per cent over the same period, and an increase of q1 in the rate of growth.
Among them, the loan was more robust and contributed mainly to the public loan. As of the end of 2024h, the "Three Business Cards" and the "Five New Races" and the "Five Articles" were integrated.
To move forward as one, and to accelerate the release of assets in the priority areas of green, science and technology and inclusiveness, by the end of 2024h, the balance of green, technology and inclusive corporate loans had increased by 13.13 per cent, 9.25 per cent, and 16.54 per cent, respectively, compared to the end of the previous year, which was higher than the increase in public loans.
Investing in the contribution of priority branches, which accounted for 0.43 pct, 57.16 per cent higher at the end of the year compared with the previous year.  net interest differentials have been reduced by a narrow margin, and “hand-to-hand” governance has eased cost pressures.
The interest difference is 1.86%, a decline of 9bp over the same year, with a smaller reduction of q1. Companies optimize deposit structures on a continuous basis through high-quality operations to reduce the pressure on interest-paying costs, for example, through high-cost deposit swaps, “manually replenished” governance, crushing the cost of indebtedness, and leading to the healthy development of deposits.
In the first half of the year, interest rates on bank deposits in the booming sector were 2.06 per cent, a decrease of 20 bp in the same year, of which interest rates on corporate deposits were 2.01 per cent, a decrease of 25 bp in the same year, while interest rates on retail deposits were 2.2 per cent, a decrease of 4 bp in the same year.
From an operational point of view, the asset end is focused on “regional plus industries”, accelerating the release of assets in priority areas such as green, science and technology, and inclusiveness, continuously promoting asset restructuring, continuously optimizing deposits at the end of the liability structure, expanding low-cost settlement deposits, promoting high-quality development of the liability, and promising spread pressures.
At the end of 2024h, the bank default rate was 1.08 per cent, an increase of 0.01 pct from the end of the previous year, with an interest rate of 1.73 per cent and a slight increase in the ring q1 ratio.
Sinda Securities Inc. Up to 0.03 pct, mainly due to macroeconomic structural transformation, real estate market adjustment, retail crossover of cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
At the end of the year, there were 7.39 pct. At the real estate level, the Episode Bank increased its efforts.
Risk assessment of stock projects, timely downgrading of risk classification levels, accounting for sufficient impairment losses, and promotion of faster winding of risk resolution for some of the property items that are less likely to meet the security conditions in the short term; municipal drop-outs, $151.6 billion in the financing balance of the local government platform of the end-of-life bank, 2024h
At the end of the year, $9.9 billion less, the debt of local government financing platforms is distributed mainly in the eastern and central provinces, where economic development is better and financial power is stronger. At the same time, most of the projects have been completed or built.