Injection of fire and electricity assets to increase assets, profits, eps, incident of 22/07/2024: company publication of " On Planning the Distribution of Shares and Payment of Cash to Buy Assets and Collection of Auxiliary Funds "
Gold & Associated Transactions Dismissal Notices, which companies intend to purchase 80% of the shares of Hua Tetsu Energy Co. Ltd., Fujian Tetsu Energy Development Co. Ltd., 51% of the shares of Shanghai Electric and New Energy Co. Ltd., Shanghai China
100 per cent equity in Xinjiang Energy Co. Ltd., 55 per cent equity in Guangzhou University, 55 per cent equity in Xingang State Energy Co. Ltd., 70 per cent interest in Xinjiang Energy Division Limited, 100 per cent equity in Xinong Energy Co. Ltd., and in the China Electric Power Collection.
The company has a 100 per cent equity interest in the China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China Power Group-Kibang Power Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the target asset equity”) and has raised matching funds.
Power, coal, and electricity assets are injected into listed companies, concentrated in the South China, Jiangsu, Shanghai regions. This asset injection is an important initiative supported by China Electric Group (WAEC) for listed companies.
The consolidation of assets is expected to accelerate further: since May, the amount of electricity generated by the huge crowding of water-rich hydropower in the country has been reduced by 4.3 per cent in May, and by 4.3 per cent and -2.4 per cent in May.
Wind and wind power fell by 3.3 per cent, a reduction of 5.1 percentage points from April; industrial solar power grew by 29.1 per cent in May and by 7.7 percentage points faster in May than in April.
The climate since April, under the influence of the La Niña climate, has been characterized by a drought in the north and south, which has been reported in the first quarter of 2024, while electricity and water have suffocated the power of summer fire power, and we expect electricity supply and demand this summer.
Review: Performance is over-expected, power is over-utilized, there are no major gaps in society, and attention continues to be paid to the increase in power generation from the winter fire due to the effects of the La Niña climate. Attention is focused on the increase in demand for electricity in the global dimension of the dimensional arithmetic.
We expect to contribute 1-2% of the total electricity consumption in 2024, and electric cars 1% of the total electricity consumption. In June 2024, the entire population achieved an increase of 8,205 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh).
China Electric International (600027): Annual Report, 2023 5.8%, January-June, with a cumulative increase of 8.1% over the previous year of 4657.5 billion kWh in electricity consumption across society.
The three major financial forecasting tables of HCI, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., have been accredited to portfolio investment advisory operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.