Chinese certificate, the huayuansecurities, 22nd of July 2024.
The company announced that it was planning to issue shares and pay cash to purchase assets and raise matching funds and associated transactions. Liu Xiaoning Jin bought 80% of the shares of Hua Teh Jiangsu, 51% of the shares of Shanghai Teh Fu New Company, 100% of the shares of Shanghai Electric Bank, and Hiro.
According to public sources, the acquisition of assets is almost entirely on fire power and is dominated by a combustion engine.
According to Wind, in 2023, the company achieved a net return profit of 168 million yuan.
The mother's interest is $6.15 billion. There are four other companies in Guangdong, mainly 2*670,000 kilowatts (KWV) and 2* 630,000 kilowatts (KWV) from the Guangxi China Power Corporation and 2* 630,000 kilowatts (KWV) from the Guangxi China Power Corporation.
13505240703 The company's long history of development has marked the company with a deep “Tandong brand”, and the ratio of installed aircraft in Shandong is still over 40%, if the asset holding machine is 58.45 million kilowatts, of which coal power is 4,689 kilowatts, gas power is 990,000 kilowatts, and electricity is 2.46 million kilowatts.
In comparison with other platforms, companies are also among the national poles of fire, but the concentration of the holding machines is extremely high, and their historical relationship with the company has been very tight. Shandong is still the company’s most important source of coal power, accounting for 43.65%; Hubei is the company’s second largest operator, accounting for 15.38%; and the three central provinces of Anhui, Hunan and Henan together account for 25%.
From the investment point of view, coal power has always had the main lines of coal and electricity, and the restoration of coal plates has been largely completed, followed by the stability of profitability. The fall in coal prices, which generally exceeded expectations for coal plates in the first quarter of 2024, was followed by the second quarter.
However, in absolute terms, we believe that the current profit margin for coal plates has largely returned to historically reasonable areas, and that the price differential for ignition has been limited. Further performance in the future will require the dcf model's mother-end power, i.e., by week.
In the long run, corporate investment opportunities are still shifting from a coal-fired business model, with new energy sources rapidly developing in Shandong, raising new demands for coal-fired power. Under new power systems, coal-based electricity is being located from basic power sources as new energy is developing rapidly, especially at a national level.
The transition to a regulated power source, if future fuel costs are better passed, and capacity prices take on the bulk of coal revenues, will lead to a significant increase in corporate performance stability, and the weakening of cyclical attributes is expected to reduce the discount rate of future corporate cash flows, thereby raising valuation levels. The role shift needs to be supported by a bottom-tier system, with a new national matrix for power transformation now in place, paying close attention to policy landings.
Profit forecasting and valuation: Considering that the price and specific options for this asset injection have not yet been determined, we will not consider this infusion of assets, maintain the public power grid, and expect to benefit in depth from the sounding of the coal power mechanism and maintain an “enhanced” rating. The points accurately reflect my personal perception of the target securities and issuers.
Such a report shall be produced in an objective manner and without any part of my remuneration having been, or being directly or indirectly linked to, the specific investment opinions or opinions expressed in this report.