Liu Xiaoning's net return on her mother's profits after deducting non-recurring gains and losses was $3.310 billion, an increase of 43.31 per cent over the previous year. New energy and hydropower shocks, a decline in electricity generation from fire, a slight decline in electricity prices, and lower coal prices led to an increase in profits.
The annual electricity generation of 101.3 billion kilowatt-hours fell by 5.85 per cent compared to the same year, and the Internet supply of 94.7 billion kilowatt-hours fell by 5.97 per cent compared to the same year, explaining that “the combined effect of better water availability in regions rich in hydropower resources and continued increase in the capacity of new energy sources.” In combination with the company's existing installed machinery, by the end of 2023, the company's first-largest installed aircraft had reached 43.65 per cent of the mountain top and the second-largest deployed north of the lake had reached 43.65 per cent.
At 15.38%, the three central provinces of Anhui, Hunan and Henan together account for 25% of the total, and are expected to hit the two main provinces of Lake North and Hunan, where Shandong and Anhui are mainly affected by the growth of new energy installed.
There is a far-reaching impact on profitability and even asset positioning, which needs to be further observed. The average cost of Internet access in the company's first half of the year, after a capacity charge, is US$509.94/megawatt hour, a decline of 3.25% in the same year, and a slight decrease in the price of electricity in the first half of the year.
This represents a decrease of 15.43%, resulting in a reduction of about 10% in unit fuel costs and an increase in profits driven by lower coal prices. After removing the return on investment, the net profit (including gains and losses on minority shareholders) on the assets held by the Department in the first half of the year was around $1.5 billion, compared to about $400 million in the same period the previous year, with marked improvements in performance, but elasticity - offset by a definite decline in electricity generation.
The company achieved investment returns of $2,219 million in the first half of the year, and the return on investment from the new power source was $1,934 million, an increase of $123 million in the same year, which is largely in line with expectations. The company's proposed acquisition of the company's 16gw engine, which will help to expand the company's business profile, was announced in July.
80% of the stock, etc., buys together about 16gw, almost all of which is a fire engine. For a long time, the company’s development history has set a deep “sandstone brand” for the company, which, according to our calculations, would be more than 20% if the assets were injected, becoming the company’s second largest business area, enabling the company’s business map to be expanded and more evenly distributed.
From the investment point of view, coal power has always had two main cabling lines of coal and electricity, and the next key to the restoration of coal panels is the stability of profitability, which is largely complete. The fall in coal prices affected the general overperformance of coal panels in the first quarter of 2024, but after entering the second quarter, as a result of the substantial improvement in the coming water, the amount of electric power generated by the fire has been hit and, as a result of the increase in the performance base, the combination of the performance of some companies that have already made a performance forecast.
In absolute terms, however, we believe that the current profits of coal plates have largely returned to historically reasonable areas, and that there is limited scope for further expansion. Further performance in the future will require the dcf model denominator, i.e., a shift from weekly shares to truly stable profit-generating utility units, leading to a decline in discount rates, with the core certification point being profitability stability.
Profit forecasting and valuation: Given the price and specific options for this asset injection, we are not yet considering this asset injection to maintain public power platforms, which is expected to benefit from a sound coal power mechanism and maintain an “uptake” rating. At the same time, we believe that the company’s port share has a substantial discount on a share, and that in terms of value for money, we recommend that attention be paid to Hong Kong’s share in the public power industry.
The net market rate pb points accurately reflect my personal opinion of the target securities and issuers.