The IUF's three-quarters review: q3 net profit breakout: IUF's three-quarters report in 2025, q3 generated $243.37 billion, compared to the significant increase in the i server business and the steady increase in the client's share.
The cloud computing business grew by more than 65% over the year-on-year, q3 by more than 75% over the season-on-year, benefiting mainly from the large-scale delivery of the ai cabinet product at the megadata Centre and the continued high demand for the arithmetic. The cloud service provider accounted for 70% of the cloud computing in the first three quarters.
In the first three quarters of the year, the cloud service provider ' s gpuai service has increased by more than 300%, the q3 ring has increased by more than 90%, the one that boosts communications and the need for mobile network equipment, and there has been a significant increase in switchboard operations by 2025.
In the third quarter, corporate communications and mobile network equipment operations were robust, sophisticated corporate hardware operations were driven by the introduction of a new one-smart terminal, and client demand for switchboards increased, leading to sustained business growth.
The stock size continued to rise, reaching over $160 billion at the end of the third quarter. The market continued to grow, the demand for customers was strong, and the company stock was increased, with the end of the third quarter of 2025.
41.7 billion yuan. According to Trendforce, total capital expenditure for the eight largest csps in 2026 is projected.
The q2 parent vr200rack new program. The company’s stock size has been expanded to demonstrate the sustainability of its infrastructure needs.
Net profits grew by about 50 per cent over the year, and the continuous release of the ai business is expected to continue to translate into corporate performance and maintain a high growth performance.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company to return to its net profits in 2025-2027 to be \triangleright report points: the full benefit of the one-wave wave is moving forward.
The company is a central stock in the computing chain, and we look forward to the company's development in this area and maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company.
Risk factors: ai development less than expected; risk of macroeconomic fluctuations; short-term stock price waves
In Beijing, in November 2022, he joined the Sino-Chinese Securities Electronics Group, which studied optical, consumer electronics, motor electronics, etc.
The original securities, the Saidi think tank, joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group in January 2025, which studied semiconductors, etc. The Sindam Securities Electronics Group, which studied the storage of chips, simulation chips, etc. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.