3q25 performance exceeded expectations and a strong core asset position: on 29 October, the Confederation of Industrial Wealth issued a tri-quarter report for 2025, and 3q25 achieved a revenue of $24,317.2 million, an increase of 42.81 per cent over the same period. The net return to the mother was $10,373 million, an increase over the same period.
The \triangleright instrument ' s fast-growing revenue, the company ' s continued improved profitability and its profit-side performance, we believe that the company ' s future leadership in the arithmetic field is expected to be further consolidated to provide a strong basis for subsequent performance growth
\triangleright Song Xiaodong server benefits from the scale delivery of the ai cabinet product and the ai numeracy requirements of the megadata centre
In the first three quarters of the year, the company recorded an increase of more than 65 per cent in cloud computing operations and a growth of more than 75 per cent in the same year of 3q25; in the first three quarters of the year, the csp operations performed well, accounting for more than 100 per cent of the Bedaroun computing operations, and in the first three quarters, the 3q25 exchanges generated an increase of 100 per cent in the same year owing to the continued release of the demand of the one person, of which the 800g switch
Performance forecast: a fast-disbursing of one ' s business, leading to a net profit over one ' s arithmetic needs continue to expand, with deep binding of international cloud service providers. Ai ' s Arithmetic Competition accelerates the layout background \triangleright
3. The Industrial Union (601138.sh) has invested in three quarterly reports in 2024. Four cloud service providers, microsoft, google, meta and amazon, are also active.
Review: A fast-riding, performance and technological innovation double-wheel-drive boosts the development of aai infrastructure. As the global core of aai server, the company has high growth in the city of aai server - 2024/10/31
4. The industrial consortium (601138.sh) reported a long 2024-month performance. With technology integration and scale delivery capacity, the company is expected to further strengthen the domestic frontlines of the domestic server.
Queries: a high rate of income growth for the i server, a boom in the arithmetic age, 2024/08/15 places, opening up a new cycle of growth.
The \triangleright methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.