The cloud service provider is driving the growth of the one server business.
24.3172 billion yuan, or 42.81 per cent more than the previous year, and 21.38 per cent more around the ring; net repatriation; 2.
3. UIC Review: Ia leads performance growth and new products are productive, with significant boosts, mainly benefiting from the size of the ai cabinet in the mega-data centre, 2024.10.31
The Māori ratio is 7% for the company 3q25, compared to 0.03 pct, the ring ratio + 0.05 pct, which we believe is mainly due to the efficiency of the company ' s operations. At the same time, the efficiency of the company ' s operations is continuously optimized, with the total cost increasing at less than the rate required.
Quick release of the ai server business, with a significant increase in cloud service provider contributions: +65% of the company ' s cloud computing business in the third quarter until 2025, and +75% of the company ' s cloud computing business in the third quarter.
70%, over 150% in the same year, and more than 2.1% in the first quarter of the third quarter. In this case, the cloud service provider ' s gpuai server increased 300% in the first three quarters by the same year, while the 3q single-season ring increased by more than 90% and the same year by more than five times.
The overall cloud computing business collection structure continues to be optimized. Client change requirements result in a more sophisticated structural unit operation, with a higher turnover: corporate communications and mobile network equipment operations perform robustly.
Corporate fundamentals (RMB) Introduction of new smart terminal products, increased demand for change of client and sustained growth in performance. The benefits were sustained by the continued use of demand by the one, the company’s high-speed switch business grew significantly, and the 3q switch was received.
The same ratio + 100%, of which the 800g switch is 27 times higher than the same rate. We believe that the arithmetic demand spreads the product structure of the company, and the higher value added business share will continue to rise.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating North Americanai is progressing less than expected, client concentration is at higher risk, market competition increases risk.
Appendix: Summary of forecasts of three statements