The third quarter of the year reported operating income of $60,393.1 million (Yoy38.40 per cent) in the first three quarters, returned to huhui2@guosen.com.cn
The third quarter saw a 42.8 per cent increase in the same year and a 62.0 per cent increase in the same year in the net return to the mother. Company 3025 realized business income of $243,272 million (Yoy42.81 per cent, qoq21.38 per cent) and a net profit to the mother of $10,373 million zhangdawei1@guosen.com.cn
Ia servers have grown significantly, with cloud service providers taking the lead. In cloud computing operations, the first three quarter battalion s0980526001 registered a 65% increase in the same year and the third quarter a 75% increase in the same year, benefiting mainly from the mega-number
According to the Centre ' s large-scale delivery of the ai machine product and its continued high demand for arithmetic, cloud service providers accounted for 70% of the cloud count in the first three quarters, a 150% increase in the same year, and a 2.1% increase in the third quarter, a 300% increase in the same year in the first three quarters of the cloud service provider ' s gpuai server, and a 300% increase in the third quarter ring.
In terms of communication and mobile network infrastructure, exchange operations have grown significantly as a result of the continued demand of the person, with a 100% increase in the third quarter.
Fifty-two weeks of maximum/minimum prices, of which 800g switchboards grew 27 times more in the single quarter of the third quarter than in the same season. In addition, sophisticated corporate hardware operations were driven by the introduction of a new one-smart terminal, resulting in increased demand for replacements and sustained business growth.
On the evening of October 29, the city of Yin Wei Da, at a time worth $5 trillion, continued to rise to historic heights. On October 28, the founder of Ying Wei Da and ceo Wong In-hoon gave a speech at the Gtc Technology Summit in Washington, D.C. He noted that the last four quarters had been great.
Six million blackwellgpu have already been delivered, and the total sales of blackwell and the next generation of Rubin chips are expected to reach $500 billion next year. This also represents a firm’s strong interest in the ai server, the whole container, and the need for ai-based computing, which augurs well for companies associated with the industrial chain.
Investment proposal: raise profit expectations to maintain a “better than the big market” rating. As head cloud plants continue to increase capital spending, gb200 series of mass exits plus gb300 rolls out, companies will benefit fully from the aiki, Industrial Wealth Federation (601138.sh) - second quarter profit growth of 51%, gb200.
Industrial Wealth Federation (601138.sh) - 33 per cent increase in revenue in the first three quarters, i Server Camp, i Industrial Wealth Federation (601138.sh) - 46 per cent increase in revenue in the second quarter and i Server Figure 1: Corporate turnover and growth (billion yuan, %)
Figure 2: Quarterly operating income of the company and rate of increase (billion yuan, %) Figure 3: Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quantity
Figure 5: Ratio of corporate sub-products to corporate sub-products: Māori ratio of corporate sub-products (%) The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author