The company achieved business income of $60,393.1 million, an increase of 38.4 per cent, and a net return to the mother.
High demand for basic hardware for arithmetic continues, with high-speed switches and rings increasing at the revenue end, benefiting from the continued high demand for the volume delivery of the ai cabinet products and the ai arithmetic requirements of the mega-data centre. Cloud service providers perform well, with revenue from the first three quarters of the business as a percentage of the Bidaun computing business.
70%, over 150% in the same year, and over 2.1% in the first quarter of the third quarter. In the first three quarters of the year, the cloud service provider, the gpuai server, increased its business income by more than 300% in the same year, and in the third quarter, single-season rings by more than 90% and five times more in the same year.
Structured piece operations are driven by ai smart terminals, and the scale of operations continues to expand. Due to the continued use of theai demand, the switch has increased by 100% in the third quarter and 100% in the third quarter, with the 800g switch increasing in the third quarter and in the second quarter.
At the profit end, Māori rates remained almost equal in the first three quarters of 2025, achieving 6.76 per cent, Māori 2025q3 a single-quarter ring increase of 0.5 pct to 7 per cent, and Māori aggregate levels are expected to increase further as the income share of the ai cabinet rises.
In addition, in the first three quarters of 2025, income foresight indicators such as the Federation of Industrial Wealth, Contract Liabilities, etc. were at the end of the statement.
A high rate of growth has also been achieved, with inventory and contractual liabilities achieving the same glimmers in the three quarters of 2024, and a higher ring rate of growth will be maintained in the future.
As a leading provider of industry-ai servers, driven by the scalable delivery of the new generation-ai container products and the strong demand for arithmetic, corporate revenue will continue to expand.
Increased friction in international trade, ai hardware demand and deployment at a slower pace than expected, and risk of macroeconomic fluctuations The Hong Kong market benchmark is a constant index, the United States market benchmark is a pamphlet 500 index or an NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer criteria) and the North handout benchmark index is a North 50 index.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts