Oxygen prices have risen steadily, and company performance has increased seasonally (for the first time) Northern rare earth (600111) is reported for the year 2020
Xu Jianxiao, with the warming of downstream demand, the price of oxidium has risen steadily and the company ' s performance has risen seasonally. 2020 s034019001
2020q4, the company achieved operating income of $5.717 billion, i.e. +42.66 per cent; net return profit was realized; affected by the epidemic, demand was low on the lower ground of 2020q1, the domestic epidemic was gradually under control, the downstream demand was warming, sustaining a steady increase in the price of oxidium, and the company ' s revenue and net profit was driven by a steady increase in the price of oxidation.
On April 14, 2021, the stock of stubble products was reduced, and resource control and market discourse were enhanced.
The prices of Classes continued to decline, with average prices of XO, XO2050q1 at RMB 11,750.00/tonne, roe(ttm) metal increases expected, companies reducing stocks of XO products and increasing external procurement of XO products.
The production of rare earth-based materials and applications has increased steadily. The company’s main products are rare earth-based raw materials, rare-earth-functional products, rare-earth applications.
Raw material products received the largest amount of $5.419 billion, i.e. 0.08 per cent, Māori rate 27.47 per cent, i.e. +3.77 ptt; rare earth oxidations, rare earth salts, rare earth metals in rare earth raw materials products, Māori rates increased by about 3.8 pct, but the size of rare earth oxidates and rare earth salts were different.
The same ratio +4.34 pt; the same size of magnetic materials, polished materials, hydrogen storage materials, respectively, is the most effective than the same size of magnetic material pulls. The rare earth applications produce $146 million, compared to 13.16%, and the Māori rate is 19.03%, compared to +27.24 pt.
Increased R & D investment to push the rare earth industry down into high-value-added areas. The company has a resource advantage in rare earth material plates, and has been active in promoting the value-added of the rare earth industry as a whole, extending downwards and developing rare earth applications, which now form “hydrogen storage materials - nickel hydrogen power cells” and “magnetism”
In recent years, the company has increased its research and development investment, with R&D spending of 73 million yuan and 108 million yuan, respectively, for 2019-2020, compared to 37.74 per cent and 47.95 per cent, respectively, and autonomously developed 0.5t MRI systems and mobile module magnetic co-mingles.
Illumination tests have worked well, ionium-radiated magnetic loops have been produced in ion-based electron servers, and alternative import levels have been developed for nanoscale rare-earth granule finener products. The company is active in the terminal layout, which will effectively increase the added value of the rare-earth industrial chain and provide security for future performance growth.
Investment advice. With the benefits of economic recovery and growth in production of rare earth-based permanence magnets, the company’s performance recovered significantly in the second half of 2020: future production of permanence magnets is expected to remain high, oxidized prices are expected to remain high, and the profits of the company’s rare earth raw materials and rare earth-functional products will increase.
At a time when companies are actively deploying high value-added areas downstream, it is expected that in the future rare earth applications will become a new driver of growth in the performance of the Division. Firms are given a prudent rating.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.