Medical Health Research Center Short-term performance pressure to accelerate innovation transformation. On August 19, Heung Swe medicine released its semi-annual report for 2022 and its draft staff-stock plan for 2022.
In the first half of the year, there was a decline of 88 per cent in the sales of products; in the prices of the new health-care negotiations, the price of the multiplicity of innovative medicines was reduced by an average of 33 per cent, and access was more difficult under the impact of the epidemic; in the case of domestic epidemics, the revenues from the sale of the anaesthetic line and the film line fell by 33 per cent and 28 per cent respectively.
Accelerating research and development innovation and internationalization strategies. Firmly increasing R & D investment, first half of the year.
Dr. Hitchuppa's Fda Orphaned Drug Determination - Dr. Heng Swe is on the market, and more than 60 innovative drugs are being developed clinically.
A number of new adaptive conditions are declared, and it is expected that the company’s innovative drug line will gradually catch up to harvest.
Period of Harvest - Heng Swe Medicine Review, 2022.6.7 including protac, molecular glue, adc, dual/multiresistant, gene therapy, mrna, bioinformation 4. Iodine gram sarcophagus, first approved in the United States, iodized combination.
The company has continued to make steady progress in its internationalization strategy, investing $519 million in overseas research and development in the first half of 2022, carrying out nearly 20 international clinical trials and continuing to promote counterfeiting abroad.
Stakeholder programs show a commitment to innovation. The company released its Stakeholder Scheme 2022, which is expected to be awarded a successful ii-Han Swe Medical Review, 2022.5.13 15% of the average stock value of the Division ' s buyback, which is now in the process of being repurchased.
Innovative drug sales and research and development, with indicators including revenues from the sale of innovative drugs, the number of new medicines that have been approved, the number of new drugs that have been processed, and the number of new drugs that have been processed, including new adaptive conditions, highlight the firm’s commitment to a transformation of innovation. Increased competition has led to less than expected risks of sales, less than anticipated risks in the collection and negotiation of health insurance, and more innovative drug research.
Risks, internationalization processes below expectations, loss of core personnel, etc. Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, and then averaged final ratings as average market investment