The base figure influences the overall profit level of the fall in the q3 single-season revenue steady investment rating: increase (maintenance) net profit from the QC growth rate of 16.43 per cent over the year
On the evening of October 26th, the tri-quarterly newspaper  (601699) was published. During the reporting period, the company achieved business income of $17,320 million, an increase of 2.14 per cent over the same period: net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $2,229 million, and the base figure affected a steady recovery of the q3 one-quarter decline in business round relative to q2
The first three quarters of production restrictions have become the dominant tone, affecting the supply and demand patterns of the coal market. Three quarters of power coal is subject to policy regulation, but the overall price has remained volatile, and four quarters of heating demand has recovered, supporting the price of power coal.
The company’s high income base in the third quarter of 17 years has led to a decline in revenue in the third quarter of this year, but the ring comparison shows a 12.94 per cent round increase in the third quarter compared to the second quarter, while the company’s performance in the single quarter has remained positive and profitability has continued to rise. The overall Māori rate in the previous three quarters has risen by 4.60 ptt to 40.04 per cent.
Over the reporting period, expenditure on R & D has increased steadily, but the sales rate has dropped significantly, with 12.17% falling over the company ' s lifetime. The company has a stable customer base, the main supplier of coal blowing is large steel companies, which in recent years have reached over 80% sales, and the company, as a representative of advanced production capacity, will continue to benefit from the improved and more environmentally friendly environment.
The company's vast reserves of coal resources, more than 3 billion tons of coal, excellent quality of coal and smelting, and relatively good mining conditions, all of which are highly productive and efficient industrial wells, representing efficient, advanced and clean production capabilities within the industry and representing the most advanced capacity, are expected to blow up coal dragons in the future.
On the other hand, Shanxi has accelerated the process of setting up the Xinxian Group, the Open Source Securities Company Ltd., which was reorganized as Shanxi's leading coal company, in Shanxi, Naymon, Xinjiang, etc.
Urban Gate B, 5th floor, reserves rich coal resources, all of which are high-quality mines, some of which are classified as advanced, with an authorized capacity of more than 30 million tons in addition to the company.
Good-quality assets are expected to be injected. We see companies as coal-blowing dragons with high-quality coal resources, efficient managerial capacity, greater performance elasticity, and future assets of the Xianxian flag.
Fig. 2: I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to present this report independently and objectively, with a diligent and professional attitude. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Disclosures of company-related information The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, as defined by the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index in the six months following the reporting date, as follows:
In the six-month period following the reporting date, industry was defined as follows: (overweight): industry outperformed overall market performance; (underweight): industry was weaker than overall market performance.