Cost control is strong, and the price of the double-focal continues to rise, and the E.C.E. is reported in the third quarter of 2018, and the three-quarter net repercussion is higher and the cost controls are strong.
The company collected 6.5 billion dollars in the first quarter of the third quarter of 2018, an increase of 13% in the ring. The net profit ratio of the company was significantly higher than the increase in revenue, owing on the one hand to the increase in coal sales and the increase in the profitability of coke, and, on the other, to the cost of the company and its cost control. In the first three quarters of 2018, the company ' s operating costs were equal to those of the same year.
The price of coal and coke rose from coal to coal, from coal-blowing taps to coal, from about tons of capacity to produce, to a total of 2.16 million tons of caramel capacity in companies. Coal-blowing and coke have been added to the price of coal.
Some alternatives, when the prices of coal and coke go up, will, on the one hand, drive up the price of coal to blow, and, on the other hand, increase the incentive of steel companies to buy coal. Since entering the third quarter, the prices of coal and coke have increased considerably, with companies benefiting from both the price and the profitability of coal and coke.
The group can harvest 5.2 billion tons, twice the output of listed companies, and the company is expected to benefit from reforms in the future. \triangleright an group had about 39 coal mines in 2017, with over 5.2 billion tons available, and coal production in 2017
In addition, according to the company network, on 19 December 2017, it was planned to inject 1.8 million tons of high sulphur coal per year into the public company to clean up the oil-based thermal integration demonstration project.
Shanxi Province has been pushing ahead with the reform of provincial state-owned enterprises since 2017, and some of them are now already in the process. The company is the only listed platform of the Xuan Group, and it is hoped that the state-owned enterprises of the beneficiary groups will reform in the future.
1. Assessment report for XE (601699): blow-up, coal and coke will continue to benefit from rising prices 2. XE (601699) research brief: blow-up
Coal sales are expected to increase, assets are injected into space, prices of coal fluctuated over expectations, companies’ costs and costs are poorly controlled, pottery has graduated from the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing), undergraduate chemical engineering and crafts, postgraduate mineral processing (coalification) has been added in July 2011.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.