The end of the acquisition, the resilience, the safety, the speciality of the country, the purple light (002049.sz) 04 08.2020
For the first time ever, UV is a semiconductor design company under the flag of the Purple Light Group, which focuses on the development of such products as quartz components, smart safety chips, special integrated circuits, etc., and has become a leading domestic safety chip and military chip manufacturer.
Light investment pressure, a slight reduction in the share share of purple cogeneration in 2018 and in Xian purple in 2019, stripping the fpga and storage chip operations. The financial replacement is expected to accelerate as a result of the fragmentation of the chip storage operations and the special phase-out of the acquisition of linxens, without changing their long-term value potential.
On July 8, 2020, the Purple State announced the termination of the fixed acquisition of Linxens; Linxens is an international lead firm in smart safety cores, microconnectors, rfid mounds, and antennas, and has a strong synergy with the security chip operations of the Purple State microchip.
Security certification, which addresses the technical difficulties of financial international production; since 2016, our financial system has maintained an increase of around 25 per cent in the volume of credit cards and a steady increase in financial international production, which is expected to advance with the modest technical support of the purple country through the security certification of Sogiscceal6+
• Supply of large-scale aircraft of national originc,919, with a broad outlook for specialic. In 2020, UV countries became one of the suppliers of chips for large-scale aircraft of national originc,919, providing them with a network communications type of on-board bus exchange chip, meaning that the company would have full access to the civil aviation equipment market, except for c919.
The fpga chip in the purple light country will also be used in the drone market. In 2017-2019, our defence budget was maintained at a rate of around 7 per cent, and our defence budget was only 1.9 per cent below the global average of 2.2 per cent in 2019, compared to the share of military expenditure in gdp in other countries.
The potential for national production of military chips is extremely high with the continued progress of equipment informatization. Level Sim cards have been released with greater uncertainty; the risk of increased competition for medium- and low-end safety chips is further exacerbated.
1.1. Extension expands and expands the business landscape, with internal scalding and scissors optimising the layout of the company Focusing on chip designs on the back of the Purple Group. UVS is a semiconductor design company under the flag of the Purple Group. Focusing on research and development of products such as quartz components, smart safety chips, special integrated circuits, etc., has become the leading safety core in the country.
It was created in 2001 as a leading domestic firm in the field of pressurized crystalware. In 2010, it acquired crystals from shares.
Twenty-five per cent of source electronics shares and became the first major shareholder; 100 per cent of Beijing compatriots (now known as the Beijing violet core) were acquired by Crystal Electronics in 2011 and an intelligent security chip in the army; in August 2012, the crystal source electronics was renamed the “same core” and in December of that year, 100 per cent of Shenzhen emblems were acquired by the same national core and entered the Special Forces.
Integrated circuits. In 2013, co-lined fully-owned companies were set up in Shenzhen State Emblem Electronics, and set up in fpga. In 2014, co-sourced companies, Beijing Microelectronics Co., Inc., did not have tin-coated microelectronics (now called Tin-free Ultralight Microelectronics), and the layout power half-conductor area.
In 2015, the same national core acquired 76% of the Xianhua Xi's semiconductor (now known as Xi'an's purple core), stocked, replenished, transferred and optimized net profit levels. In 2018, in order to ease the pressure on investment, the purple state increased its share of the purple cogeneration to 36.5% and no longer controls it.
In 2019, the company transferred 76% of the Xian purple core and gradually withdrew from the memory chip business because of the low Māori rate of the memory chip operation, which improved the company’s financial position and profitability. After the fpga and the storage chip operation, the product layout of the purple emblem consisted mainly of crystal components, smart security.
Four types of chips, special integrated circuits and power semiconductors, of which crystals are operated by a national core crystal source, smart chips are operated by a purple comb, special integrated circuits are operated by a Shenzhen national microelectronic, power semiconductor, and operations are operated by a tin-free violet microelectronic.
1. Smart security chips: these are divided into smart card security chips and smart terminal security chips. Smart card security chips are used in sim cards, financials, social security cards, etc.
(b) Oral, special simulators, special sopc system devices and asic chip seven main directions, with products covering aviation, navigation, 3. semiconductor power devices, including 500v~9000v super-power mosfet, igbt, high pressure semi-bridge triveric, etc., which are widely used in the market for inverters, flow drive, switch power, etc.
4. Crystal operations: they are divided into quartz and quartz crystal amplifiers and are widely applied in areas such as communications equipment, medical devices, consumer electronics. 1.2. Specialic performance continues to be strong and net profit returns are significantly optimized.
Business income grew steadily and increased further in 2019: from 2016 to 2019, UV countries maintained a high rate of growth, in which the mainstream mature products benefiting from special integrated circuits were selected in large quantities, and corporate total revenues increased by 39.5 per cent on a year-to-year basis in 2019.
Dissociation of storage operations and full relieving of profit pressures: 2020q1 ' s net return profit increased by 183.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis for two reasons: (1) loss-based storage operations are no longer included in consolidated statements; and (2) special integrated circuit operations with a high Māori ratio are growing rapidly and continue to contribute to stable profits.
The rate of Specialic Camp rose significantly, and the ratio of smart security chip camps continued to decline: given that in 2019 the rate of integrated circuit camps increased by 74.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the ratio of smart security chip camps decreased from 42.2 per cent to 38.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while the ratio of special integrated circuit chip camps was 25.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The Māori rate for special integrated circuits continues to rise, and the Māori rate for smart safety chips continues to decline: the Māori rate for special integrated circuits reached 74.35% in 2019, as mainstream mature products become more competitive and enter a virtuous cycle.
The end-sim card market has been highly competitive, with a downward trend in the Māori rate of the smart security chip in 2014-2019. The high cost of the crystal circle has not yet been resolved, and the Māori rate of the memory chip has been low.
The global demand for smart cards continues to expand, with firm growth in corporate safety chips: benefiting from the inter-provincial demand for 4g networks in South-East Asia and India, adding a rapid increase in financial payments and demand for possimiles, with a steady increase in revenue from the business of the purple national emblem smart security chips in 2016-2019, with a 27.5 per cent increase in the product in 2019.
Through international cc certification, technical barriers have been successfully broken: the difficulty of financial-nationalization lies in security-level certification. Ultraviolet country microthd89 is the country’s first chip product that has been certified by international Sogiscceal 6+ security, is one of the highest worldwide safety-level safety chips, meets bank security requirements for financial-ic cards, and solves the financial-ic problem.
The financial market continues to expand, and the penetration rate of domestic production has accelerated: since 2016, as our financial sector has reached maturity, the cumulative volume of our credit cards has increased by about 25%. According to the 2020 China Bank Card Industry Development Report, our financial sector is expected to continue to grow in terms of national production rates, with the help of purple light.
The country is expected to increase its financial production rate even further through technical support for sogiscceal6+security certification. Deep-farming Esim technology research and development to capture the opportunities of the era of networking: company safety chips were tested through connectivity in 2018.
By 2020, the number of iot connections will reach $50.1 billion, and it is expected that the share of esim connections will exceed 50% by 2025. Esim’s market is promising, and mobile phone markets still account for a major share: according to a counterpoint forecast, the mobile phone sector grew at an average annual rate of 22% and the computer sector at an average annual rate of 82%.
Specialic growth, business moving into a high-speed development phase, unlike commercial chip pursuits of process, cost, volume, etc., military chip is more stable and safe. As a result, military chip displays a mainstream process that tends to remain within maturity (90nm, 65nm), mostly single.
Special integrated circuit operations have grown significantly, and government support has been strong: increasing numbers of high-quality, large clients and growing competitiveness of mainstream mature products, and corporate special integrated circuit operations in 2019.
In 2014-2019, the annual government subsidy for special integrated circuits took over the new year in UV countries and was successfully applied to the home-grown aircraft c 919:2020, when the U.S. emblem became one of the chip suppliers for the national-produced large aircraft c 919 and provided with a network communications type of on-board bus exchange chip, meaning that the company would have full access to civil aviation.
The equipment market; in addition to c919, the fpga chip in the purple light country will also be used in the drone market. Military spending still holds much room for growth, and the military chip is promising: in 2014-2019, our national defence budget expenditure continued to grow, and the rate of increase was around 7% in 2017-2019.
The share of expenditure in gdp is only 1.9% in 2019 and is below the global average of 2.2%. As our military equipment informs, the country’s production of military chips has great potential.
The company is a domestic security chip, a specialic core factory. We believe that, with technical support from the thd89 product through the international Sogis cceal6+ safety certification, the continuous investment in the development of esim cards, the intelligence of the ultraviolet microscopic state, the security chip is expected to benefit in depth from the acceleration of financial-ic national production and the advent of the age of the network.
A fully integrated circuit is a high-speed, high-access barrier, well-ordered, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, and growing competitiveness of mainstream mature products, with a robust growth of special integrated circuit operations in small UV countries, with some valuation advantages compared to the average of semiconductor design industries.
(a) A “buy-in” rating for the first time is covered; there is uncertainty about the rate of growth in the special integrated circuit camp, as a result of the progress of the information-based investment in defence equipment;
There is a further risk of increased competition for medium- and low-end safety chips.