The Chinese Life Disclosure Report 2019 continues to show that companies have achieved 745,165 million operating revenues during the reporting period, and are leading companies in the domestic life insurance industry.
Fortune is a core member of the 500-strong world and the 500-strong world brand, with a company with a long history and a strong foundation of billions of dollars, an increase of 18.6 per cent compared to the previous year; a new business value of 45.3 per cent for a venture channel, the same business value as Biti.
Power, professional leadership, and world-renowned brands have won the trust of the most extensive clients in society, always occupying the position of leader of the domestic insurance market and being recognized as Chinese insurance.
The annual profit distribution program finds a gold dividend of 0.73 yuan per share (including insurance companies, owned by insurance salesmen and group insurance salesmen).
The company provides personal life insurance, the period of interest-market warming, and its net profit to mothers increases by over 400%.
Products such as group life insurance, accident and health insurance show better performance at the end of the investment than at the end of the investment, and the continued improvement in the liability end structure is more encouraging. Value is a matter of concern. It is China's leading individual and group life insurance and year.
Gold products, accident insurance and health insurance providers, outperform and outperform their counterparts. In 2018, companies performed poorly at the end of their liabilities, with a new business value of 1845,000, while upgrading their sales through efficient management, training and technological empowerment.
Sales of team capacity, agent “quantitative double-up” effects, and the value of new business is growing rapidly. The source of financial prosperity in the East, Chinese life (601628): the debt structure continues to improve, and the stock market returns to investment in large amounts of money.
2. Channel differences in development strategies are clear, and the number of insurance channels is growing rapidly. During the reporting period, insurance premiums increased by $4.366.21 billion, or 6.9 per cent; 10,000, or 12.1 per cent, with the size of the collection and collection teams increasing by 577,000, or 42.1 per cent over the same period, well above the overall growth rate of the channel, with an average monthly growth rate of 34.9 per cent.
8.8 to 70.6 billion yuan less and a slight decline in the value of the new business. Although there is a tendency to contract the overall size of the silver insurance channel, the average monthly growth in the workforce of insurance planners is 36.1 per cent higher than the average monthly increase in the number of people performing, the rate of new business values is also increased by 5.1 to 23.8 per cent, and the capacity and value of the new business are being doubled. 3. Product structures are being optimized, and the share of high-value paid-out products has increased further. Companies have continued to make steady progress in restructuring their products during the reporting period.
In addition to continuing to push down the size of the product, the company has made great efforts to develop health insurance and to increase the overall value of the product by extending the length of its life insurance product. The first-year rate of life insurance is 97.7 per cent, while the first-year share of the first-year coverage of the insurance channel is 99.7 per cent, with 10 years and more of the first-year premium rising by 15.89 pt to 62.2 per cent. The first-year coverage of life insurance is reduced by 79.5 per cent.
According to health insurance data, health insurance premiums have increased by 26.3 per cent to $105,581 million a year, at a much higher rate than corporate premiums as a whole, of which the first annual premium increases by 16.6 per cent to $110.0 billion. The first year of health insurance, which accounts for 16.6 per cent of mid-term business delivery, is significantly lower than that of a colleague, and short-term risks, such as medical insurance, are among the priorities that companies need to improve in the future.
The year 2019 marked the beginning of the company's “rejuvenation of the life of the nation” programme, and new construction continued steadily. With efficient management models and improved organizational structures, coupled with the dynamism of financial science and technology, the core indicators have improved significantly. We have a firm view of the company's development prospects, and as the value shift continues, the company is expected to overturn and eventually change the track.
As the impact of the epidemic is phased out, it is expected that the company’s premium increase will be up-to-date, followed by the effective implementation of the additional staff and workforce;
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Life in China (601628). Four years of banking experience, five years of non-monetary financial research.
Two years of banking experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Silver Finance Bank in 2016; first in the 9th Crystalball and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and first in the 10th Crystal and Silver Finance Industry in 2016. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.