I don't know what to say, but I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but it's a good idea.
I've got 32.4% yoyto rmb17.9bn, 2%/7% aboveourestimaté/bbgconsensus.netprofitroseby
34.3% yoytormb 1.9bn, in-linewithourestimatebut2%belowbbconsensus.
Werevise chinasemiconducators
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
In fact, it's not like it's the only thing that's going to happen to me, but it's the only thing that's going to happen to me.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
30% yoytorm 10.5bn, trivenbyrobustdemandin datacenters (20% yoy)andauto (~14% oftoralsales), despatatelecom stockdata
.pcbgpm iprovedto31.6%inf24, comparedto 26.6%infy23, reflectinghigher capacityutilizationandandannancedproducemectmixcontonistofmoreal-
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
At the end of the year, the government of the United States of America and the United States of America have decided to continue their work on this issue.
Sobstratesallegrewby 37.5% yoytormb3.2bn. thegrovethweighted shareperformance moretowards1h24asdemandwasstroongduetoventovenstoryrestocking
I mean, it's not like I'm going to be in the middle of this, but I'm going to be in the middle of it, and weaker is going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and we'll be in the middle of it, and we'll be in the middle of it, and we'll be in the middle of it.
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
Ramp-upofguangzhoufactory, btsubstrate'sgpmin2hwouldhaveben (rm -002916ch-szcomp (rebased)
2 pptslowercomparedto1h (insteadof10pptsdrop).
700908070mar-24 yearavg.historicforwardpeof31.0x.weblievesccperformedbetter source:factset
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, but I don't think I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.
(b) analystcertification theresearcanalywhoiprimariryresponsibleforthecontentothesisresearchreport, inholeorinpart, certivesthatitect to the secritiesorisseser that theanalystcoveridhimsreport (1):alloftheviewsexpressedacuatelyrefletechorherpersonviewaboutthesubjectsecritiesorissuesauer; and (2)
No partifhisorhercompensationwas, is, orwillbe, directlydirected by the Hongkongsecritiesandfutures committee) (1) hasdealtinortradinethestock(s)coveredhisresearchreport
3Businessday after thedateofissuesueofthisreport; 3rd serveasan officeofofof the Konglistedcompaniescoveredinthisreport; and 4 (4) hasannyfinalinterestsinthehongkonglistedcompaniescompetenthisreportsreport. & bigmatings
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Market-perform underperform cm internationalglobalmarketslimited
I don't know if I'm the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Oritsaffiliate(s) towhomitisdistried.thisreportisnotandsouldnotbeconstruedasanofforsolicitationtobuyorsellanysecurityornyinterestin securitiesorierintonytransactions.neithmignoranyofitsaffiliates, shareholds, agents, consuls, directors, officersoremployeshalbe lableforanyls, damageorexpensewhatsoever, whethretorconfential, incurredinrelyintinedinementist.anyone
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The company's industrious. Asaresult, recipientsssoouldbeithatt & bigmmayhaveaconclifictofinterestatcoldaffect theobjectivityofthisreport and & bigmwillnotatassemonyspresibilizationspeculateotherof.thisreportisfortheuseofuseofofintendciedcientsonlyandthispublication, maynotbe reduced, reprinted, sold, rededitiousorpubliedinwholeorinpartforanypurposewofoutpriorwrittenconsentof and bigm.
I don't know what you're talking about, or (ii) archerosfallahingwithinarticle 49(a)to(d)("highnetworthcompanies, unincorporatedassociations,
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
Idendedforistritionintheunisolelyto "majorusinstitutionalinvestors", asdefinedinture15a-6undertheus, securitiesexhangeactof 1934, asamended, andmaynotbefurnishedtoanotherpersonsintheunidatestates.eachmajorusinstitutionalinvestorvesivescopofthistireport byatsacceptanceherhereofrepresentsandagreathatitshotnottyrestiorprovidethistoantootherotherson.anyu.s.recipimentofthithisitoportworldviewactions.
effectanytransactiontobuyorsellsecuritiesbagontheinformationprovidedinthysportoulddosoonlythroughau.s.-registeredbroker-dealer.forcipientsofthisdocumentindicatingapore thisreportistribuddinginsaporebycmbi(singapore)pte.mited(cmbisg) (companyregn.no.20173128d), anexemptfinancialadvisersdefined
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
I don't know, and certainsact (cap.289) ofsingapore, and bisgacceptslegalressionforthecontentsotheporttosuchpersonlytotheextentrequiredbylaw.