Silver World Wide Market Wise Investment Inc. has been upgrading deep south circuits (002916ch) for the 24th fiscal year, benefiting from the self-controlling trend of the industrial chain.
The company’s revenue grew by 32.4% to 17.9 billion yuan in the same year, higher than the RMB 146.81, mainly as demand recovered; this was partly offset by the impact of the climbing capacity of new factories.
Chinese semiconductor Yang Tianwei, ph.d. al.
The impact of income growth has been partly offset by a decline (with Guangzhou factory production, equipment, raw materials and people, Zhang Won-seong Zhang Jia-ho).
pcb operating income increased by RMB 30 to RMB 10.5 billion on a year-on-year basis, benefiting from strong demand for data centres (about 20 per cent of pcb income) and automobile operations (about 14 per cent), but telecommunications operations (about > 40 per cent of income) benefited from increased productivity of companies and optimized product portfolios (i-related products accounted for an increased share).
The pcba business grew by 33.2 per cent over the year, and the company captured the demand in the data centre, the car market and boosted revenue growth, while the Māori rate remained at 14.4 per cent.
Annual pcb operating income will increase by 25 per cent over the year and the Māori rate will remain at the current 31 per cent level. The base sheet operating income will increase by RMB 37.5 to RMB 3.2 billion over the year.
In the second half of the year, 20% +, and the second half of the year, bt base tablet demand is affected by weak demand. If the slope factor is removed from the plant capacity in Guangzhou, the bt board ' s rate of Maori fell by about 2 percentage points in the second half of the year compared to the first half (vs. 18% in the overall sector, driven largely by the rapid growth in storage product income.
Looking ahead, companies, with their leading position in the pcb market and the expansion of fc-bga base line, are expected to be beneficiaries of the self-controllable trend in China’s semiconductor industrial chain.
Figure 2: Deep South Road Dynamics, Figure 1: Deep South Circuits, one-year forward city rate, Figure 3: Silver International latest projections vs. Past projections
Figure 4: Silver Fund International Forecasts vs. Bloomberg Unanimously Projected