Deep South Circuit (002916), 2024 report performance rating, ai arithmetic pulls pcb demand, enveloped baseboards open to growth space, 31 March 2025.
The company ' s operating income in 2024 was $17,907 million, an increase of 32.39 per cent over the previous year.
There has also been a significant improvement in the usage rate, with increased demand for products in communications areas such as high-speed switches, light modules, on the one hand, and a significant increase in orders in data centre areas such as ai servers, general servers, etc., on the other hand, which has led to more incremental opportunities for car electricization and intelligence. The Māori rate of operations has reached 31.62 per cent.
The growth in demand for high-value orders in the domain is driven by, among other things, an increase in operational management capacity. The increase in orders is matched by an acceleration in the import of new products from the base plate and new customers.
Some raw materials, such as salt, have increased prices, adding to the second half of the year the fluctuations in demand in the bt-based market and the decline in the utilization of production capacity, among other factors. Electronic combined operations generated 2,823 million yuan, an increase of 33.20 per cent compared with 33.20 per cent, and companies have fully seized demand growth opportunities in data centres and automobiles.
The Māori rate is 14.40%, a slight decline of 0.26 percentage points from the same year. Arithmetic pulls the pcb demand, and envelopes the base plate open up the space for growth.
Pcb will continue to benefit as a core component of the equipment, such as a one-server, switchboard, and light module. With respect to the containment of the base plate operations, there has been a relative improvement in demand in the area of recent storage, with a slight increase in plant capacity utilization as compared to the fourth quarter; the Guangzhou project has steadily advanced its capacity to climb and has been carried over, including bt.
Volume orders for class and part of fc-bga products are expected to contribute progressively to performance. Note: “Market index” for this rating system,a the share reference is 300 indexes of depth; the new three-board reference points are three-boarded.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.