Performance meets expectations, domestic ai-capital development report, 2024, deep south circuits (002916.sz)
In 2024, the company achieved revenues of $17,907 million, a year-on-year increase in q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q8 = $4,858 million, a 19.51 per cent/ring growth /2.74 per cent; net profit return of $390 million, a year-on-year increase in q4 q4 q4 q4
q4-quarter net operating cash flow of $1,318 million, a record high. Seizing the opportunity of computing and car electronics markets, producing circuit board operations and robust growth in profits.
In the area of communications, the demand for high-speed switches, light module products has increased, and the share of the company's cable-side communications products has risen. In the area of data centres, the demand for ai servers and related ancillary products has increased.
The universal server eaglestream platform has been upgraded to drive the overall demand for the server area pcb to regress, with the company making a significant increase in the number of orders in this area on a year-on-year basis, and the server area becoming the second downstream market for the company ' s two billion-dollar orders.
In 2024, the company’s pcb operation achieved a significant improvement in its overall capacity utilization compared to 2023. With regard to new projects, the company actively promoted the construction of basic works at Thai factories and at the South Tong IV project.
In 2024, the company achieved $3.171 billion, an increase of 37.49 per cent. As a result of the slopes of the Guangzhou seal project, some raw materials increased their prices, adding to the fluctuations in demand and productivity of the bt-class base plate in the second half of the year.
During the year, the company ' s electronics union operations fully captured the needs of the data centres and the electronics sector of automobiles, generating a revenue of $2.823 billion, an increase of 33.20 per cent over the same period; and a decrease of 0.26 pcts to 14.40 per cent in the same rate.
Investment proposals: The company's deep-deeping electronic circuit industry has developed a “3-in-one” business layout for “technology and customer-like” business. From the beginning of the year to the present, Deepseek has explored new paths for large model training, while choosing open source strategies that accelerate the application of the big one model across industries.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
In 2022, you joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies. This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.