An in-depth report on Chinese medicine (000963), business as one, and a model of the transformation of a conglomerate pharmaceutical company, Lulitin.
Star varieties are basically good, and a new round of growth is coming up. The company's exclusive heavy-assembly 100 million capsules are being adjusted from ancillary to a gas-blood double supplement in the new health-care catalogue, and limitations are being reduced in the section, with the release of and access to productive capacity, with an expected profit of 600-80 million in 2018; Acarbo sugar is in the health-care system.
From category B to category A, full reimbursement for the increased penetration rate is expected to accelerate the import substitution of the currently evaluated consistency be diabetic tubes.
Line products are complete and include a new drug, Hd118 (dpp-4 inhibitor), Lilalupine (glp-1) and insulin. The company has recently acquired ttp273 (□ glp-1 receptor agonist) and has begun to cover the full phase of I and ii diabetes mellitus.
The heavy weight of single Acarbo sugar is continuing to import the original research products of Bayer, with a smooth consistency assessment, and others are expected to remain competitive when the research varieties are marketed. The industrial plates grew at a high rate in the first three quarters of 2018, with commercial plates weakened by a double vote system.
The negative impact of the two-vote system is now gradually diminishing, mainly as a result of the loss of two-vote transfer operations, as companies conduct net sales and roe (ttm) product-generation total distribution operations.
In December, the highest price (in dollars) was to increase research and development investment and to strengthen innovation on the path to transformation. In 2018, the company continued to increase its research and development investment, and research + commissioning + co-introduction has accelerated the design of innovative medicines, which is currently under development.
Gradually, the product lines, such as harvest periods, tumours, hyperresilience, cardiovasculars, etc., have been refined, accumulated and specialized areas such as diabetes and immunosupplicants have formed eight product clusters that provide strong guarantees for firm growth in corporate performance over the long term.
Corporate Overview - The new business integration champion of profitable, transformative and innovative business, 1.1 step-by-step footprint of the company transformed into a leading national producer of innovative medicines. The company was established in 1993 as Hangzhou Medical Stations Ltd., and in 1996 the company and the Washington Medicines Group.
The company's assets were restructured and approved for listing in 1999 and renamed China East Medical Co. Ltd., and officially landed in 2000 as the last “black horse” in China's stock market in the 20th century. In 2011, corporate sales outpaced 10 billion,1.2 companies as a whole formed an income structure with high industrial growth and steady business growth.
The main business of the company is the pharmaceutical business and the pharmaceutical industry, which is centred on a controlled subsidiary, Mid-American East Pharmaceuticals Company in Hangzhou, with 100% of the core products under the flag and Acarbo Sugar, a heavy-pound variety of sales of over $2 billion;
Currently the largest and most powerful pharmaceutical business company in Zhejiang province. The Grand Group and the East China Pharmaceuticals Group are the company’s two former shareholders, with shares of 41.77% and 16.46%, respectively, of which the Far East Group is responsible for the M & As of overseas drugs, License-in, and the People’s Government of Hangzhou, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company.
Firms adhere to innovation-driven development strategies, focusing on large areas, breeding large varieties, focusing on new drug research and development, and building on the company’s combined advantages in production technology, research and development, marketing, branding, etc.
Product clusters, on the other hand, accelerate innovation in business models, speed up international integration, intensify information-based construction, and work towards the transformation and upgrading of new pharmaceutical enterprises led by research and development and technological innovation.
Corporate performance has declined considerably over the same year, but the downward trend has been controlled this year. As a result of the continued rise in industrial plate ratios and the Acapo sugar process, which has reduced production costs, the company ' s Māori ratio and net interest rates have been rising year by year, with net profits rising significantly faster than operating income.
In the first half of 2018, the pharmaceutical industry sector contributed 28.85% of the company’s operating income, up from 24.97% in the previous year, and contributed as much as 82.44% to Mäori.
The business sector has experienced a significant decline in 2017, with companies focusing on pure sales, two-vote production, and the pharmaceutical industry: traditional niches underpin performance, positive new areas. The company's current product base is composed mainly of two major 2 billion-grade heavyweight products and several 100 million-grade varieties.
In addition, the company is actively expanding its work in four new areas: anti-cancer, cardiovascular, anti-heavy infections, biological and monodrugs, accelerating the transition from generic to innovative drug research and development models, and accelerating the expansion of production through a combination of autonomous development and external acquisitions.
Plumbing lines, a series of product clusters. 2.1 uniquely weighed 100% of the capsules are competitive, and health-care cap removal contributes to a new round of growth.
A hundred million capsules are the company’s exclusive weight variety, consisting mainly of fermented winter sap herb powder, which has the effect of rehydrating the kidneys of the lungs, gluten gas, and is used mainly for supplementary treatment of coughs, asthma, back pains from the hypothermia of the kidneys, and chronic bronchitis. In 2017, 100 million capsules were sold, representing an increase of 2,371 million yuan, compared to 15 per cent, which was marketed in the 1990s.
But only in 2009, when 100 capsules were sold from 2010 to 2017, at an annual compound rate of nearly 30 per cent, the rate of growth slowed in the last five years, despite the impact of policies such as the adjustment of the national health catalogue, the reduction in the price of tenders, the cost of medicines and the re-arrangement of prices, taking into account that in 2017 the health insurance catalogue adjusted the 100 million capsules from ancillary drugs to a double gas.
For the next three years, we expect a 100% annual compound increase in the volume and speed of sales of the 8 2007-2017 capsules, which are currently in the mainstream market for enzyme fermentation agents with 100% capsules, golden water capsules, maggots and toil capsules.
100% of the capsules together account for more than 90% of the market share. In 2008, 60% of the market was in the Golden Seal capsules, only about 19% of the 100% of the capsules, and a few years of significant anti-surveillance of the 100% capsules proved to be higher in clinical terms.
It's a similar effect to winter insect summer grass, but the strains used in 100% of the capsules (China by mammothella) are currently the only confirmed form of winter insect summer innocuous herbs, with fermentation for up to 40 days; the golden water bobble capsules were chosen for bat moths to make fun of fungus, not protozoa from winter insect summer grass, with fermentation for only 7 days.
Table 200 compares the capsules to the golden water capsules, and the supply and demand side improves the protection of future high growth.
After achieving a high annual growth rate of more than 30% per year in 2011-2015, the production capacity of 100% capsules has encountered significant bottlenecks, which has also constrained further growth. In July 2016, the first phase of Jiangdong Base was officially launched, with an additional capacity of 1,200 tons, to support sales revenue of more than 3 billion% capsules, laying the foundation for continued high growth at the supply end.
2. In the new version of the health care catalogue published in March 2017, 100% of the capsules were adjusted from the 2009 version of the health insurance category B - “oncological drugs - oncological aids” to the health insurance category B-gas blood double supplement.
In the opinion on the control of the unjustified increase in the cost of medical care in public hospitals (No. 89), a system for monitoring the use of assistive medicines was established. Several provinces and municipalities have produced a list of assistive medicines, and 100 capsules were added to the list of priority types of surveillance in health-care institutions in the second city of Suzhou in 2015.
In 2017, the company sold 70% of the company’s total sales of 100% of the capsules. The health insurance catalogue has been adjusted to create a favourable environment for the future expansion of the 100% capsule to multi-sections such as blood, neoplasm, and immunology.
3) Due to the company's traditional advantage of clinical outreach, the main distribution channel of the 100% capsule is the urban public hospital, which is experiencing a certain pressure on the speed of the increase due to the ratio of drugs to prescription restrictions, which currently stands at less than 10% of the water.
Ping. Given that 100% of the capsules are adapted mainly to chronic patients, and that 0tc is free of drug-related restrictions compared to primary hospital channels, the future will continue to benefit from the promotion of grade-based consultations and prescription outflows, with companies expanding their base-level and otc channels over the past two years, with more than 200 sales personnel at the end of the two main channels, accounting for 100% of total capsule sales.
The share has risen from 10 per cent last year to more than 20 per cent and is expected to exceed 30 per cent by the end of this year, and is expected to reach 50 per cent in the future. 2.2 Acarbo sugar, which weighs heavily on oral sugar, is another of the company ' s heavy-pound varieties, with sales exceeding 2 billion yuan in 2017, the last three years.
The cagr is 32%, a steady high growth. Considering the progress of the original research, the effects of the health-care index adjustment, Acapose is a first-line drug for our diabetic patients, and according to the International Diabetes Alliance (IDf), there are 425 million diabetic patients worldwide today, up from 2015.
In mainland China, there are approximately 114.4 million diabetes patients (20-79), or about 1/10 of the total adult population of China. Diabetes are divided into type 1 and type 2 diabetes and type 1 diabetes, also known as insulin-dependent diabetes, which accounts for about 10 per cent of the total number of diabetes patients, often occur among children and adolescents, requiring permanent insulin treatment, and older patients.
It is also possible to add two acetylene and glucose enzyme inhibitors. Type 2 diabetes patients account for 90%, do not need to rely on injections Insulin drops, have a certain effect through reasonable dietary control and appropriate oral degenerative treatment, Acarbo sugar is a first-line oral degenerative and is a alpha-glucose enzyme inhibitor through the suppression of alpha-peeds in small intestines.
Sugar enzyme, which inhibits the multi-sugar decomposition of food, slows the absorption of sugar and reduces the post-dinner high-blood sugar. As a result of the country’s staple food, which is dominated by rice and pasta with high starch content, and the previous positive market spread by the former researcher Bayer, Akapo sugar is widely used in China, according to the 2017 edition of the Chinese Diabetes 2 Guide to Diabetes Prevention and Control, Akapo
Sugar is listed as a first-line drug for type 2 diabetes. There are therefore significant differences in the structure of our market for diabetes, which has a market share of nearly 30% for dichotomy and acarbo sugar in our country, but only about 2% internationally.
The company's competitorship is good and is expected to maintain a 30 per cent or more increase in the next three years. In our current market for diabetic drugs, oral drops account for more than half of the market share, and oral drops are dominated by Acapose, Insulin (Sulfur, Greene) and Di-Ass, unlike the latter, Akka.
The high competitive threshold is high because raw materials are required to be obtained through fermentation, high demand and high production costs for fermented bacteria, and currently only three varieties of the original researcher, Batang Ping of Bayer, Kabuping of Chinese medicine and Behi of green leaf pharmaceuticals are in the country to obtain formulation documents, and the company's share of Kaboping's market is second only to the original, and the market is competitive.
Capopin is the first national product, no significant difference in quality from Beacon, but the value of the sex is much higher than that of Beacon. For example, in the first quarter of 2018, the average winning price for a single film in Beacon Provinces and Municipalities was around $2.09, while the cost of a medicine in Huadong was only 1.46 yuan per pill, 30% lower than the original study, and according to pdb, in the last five years of the year, the price of a medicine in Huadong was approximately 2.09 yuan.
It is evident that the proportion of municipalities in key national hospitals rose from 15.8 per cent in 2012 to 29.1 per cent in the first quarter of 2018, and that the market share of former researcher Bayer is gradually being eroded and import substitution trends are evident.
1) Consistency evaluation is ahead of schedule. The Be experiment in Kabopin has been completed, hosted by the Pharmacy Center on 8 April, new review guidance for Akabo sugar has been developed by the National Pharmacy Department for the first half of the year, and the company has submitted supplementary declarations based on feedback and is now on site
The verification has been completed and is expected to be approved in the fourth quarter, pending the final evaluation. The main competitor, Sichuan Green leaves, has just been accepted and is lagging far behind this year. After the consistency evaluation, Kabuping is expected to receive priority procurement and health insurance payment support from medical institutions, using the “through consistency evaluation” logo in the instructions and drug labels, quality recognition.
Awareness has been further improved to accelerate the pace of the original replacement. 2) Health insurance catalogues have been adjusted. In the new version of the health catalogue in 2017, Acarbo sugar has been adjusted from the original category B to category A, with partial reimbursement adjusted to full coverage.
The average reimbursement rate is 70-80% for generic category A medicines, which are to be determined by the regions according to their own circumstances. This adjustment of the health insurance catalogue effectively averts the impact of the fast-growing dpp-4 inhibitor in recent years, and according to pdb, the sales of the dpp-4 inhibitor increased by 30.61% in the third quarter of 2017.
Acapose is still growing by more than 7%, reflecting the high degree of clinical acceptance of Acapose. With the advance of graded consultations and prescription outflows, the treatment of slow diseases, such as diabetes, will gradually shift to the grass-roots level.
The company Acapo sugar sales, which account for about one third of total sales, cover half of the country ' s district hospitals, increasing at a rate of about 50 per cent, well above the 20 per cent increase at the end of the urban hospital, and have become the driving force behind the growth in Acapo sugar sales, which are expected to be more than 50 per cent in the future.
Immunosuppressants are inhibitors to the immune response of the organism, inhibit the growth and functioning of the cells associated with the immune response (t cells and b cells, etc.), reduce the antibody immune response, mainly for organ transplant resistance, excludeive responses and self-immunisation such as rheumatological arthritis, haemorrhoid ailments, skin fungi, membrane nephritis, inflammation.
The company is the absolute leader of the domestic immunosuppressant market.
According to pdb, the market share of the three varieties in 2017 was more than 80%, and East Chinese medicine was in the absolute position of national producers in the market for these three varieties, accounting for 27% of the combined market share of the domestic immunosuppressants and over 80% of the combined market share of the three primary producers.
Figure 182017 Share of sales of major immunosuppressants in the country. Figure 192017 Competition patterns among domestic immunosuppressants. Total total, three immunosuppressants have grown steadily over the last five years, with total sales in the sample hospitals in 2017
According to the structure, the sales of the three main varieties of Chinese medicine in 2017 totalled $724 million in sample hospitals, and 2012-2017, the current market for all three varieties shows a competitive pattern of “former researchers plus 1-2 national producers”, China’s ability to replace former manufacturers and their market share is paramount among national producers, and the company’s ring silvitos are very high.
To the extent that he already holds more than half of the market share, there is still much room for substitution for McCow ester. The company's Tkmoshi, the McCCP and cycloseptocin market share was about 11.76% in 2012, 16.26%, and the medicine's winning unit price was about 30-40% lower, with a clear competitive advantage, as all three products were in 2005.
Domestic listing, technologically mature and of no apparent difference in quality, companies are expected to replace the original research further in the future, and (3) 1) there is a large gap in demand for organ transplants. Due to the large population of the country and the large number of patients, about 300,000 per year require transplants due to terminal organ failure
More than 10,000 of the patients have access to organ transplants, with a supply and demand ratio of 1:30. The number of voluntary contributions of organs is increasing as the level of education of the population rises and the country strongly supports it. In 2016, 4080 voluntary organ donations were made after the death of our citizens, 13,263 organ transplants, and the number of donations and transplants was the second highest in the world.
In the first seven months of 2017, 2,866 donations were completed, a 33% increase compared to the previous year. The most critical link in organ transplantation is the suppression of human reactions to external organ exclusion, which may lead to exclusion.
Symptoms such as rashes and yellow diarrhea cause fibrosis and atrophy of one or more organs, loss of function of organs, and death in serious cases. Significant immunosuppressants are required before and after surgery, and the use of drugs is generally reduced as the time of the receptors increases, but not completely.
High growth has created a favourable growth environment for the immunosuppressants market. (2) Health insurance catalogues remove adaptive restrictions.
Disorder restrictions have facilitated the expansion of the use of corporate immunosuppressants, and the expansion of other non-transplant units, mainly to treat immuno-disorders such as silver scrap disease, rheumatism arthritis. (3) Consistency evaluation aids substitution
As a systematic supply-side reform of China’s pharmaceutical industry, consistency evaluation will have a major impact on the stock market and competitive patterns of the industry over the next three to five years. Although companies already have a share of the market and clinical recognition in the domestic market, they are actively involved in consistency assessment, and hecrobusin and cyclops are in the process of clinical research in Be.
After the consistency evaluation, the replacement speed of the original researcher will be further increased. 2.4 For digestive ulcers: zolpidem
The company ' s vertonium is a proton pump suppressant (ppi), and pi is primarily used by activated proton pumps for the purpose of abstinence, which is able to reduce the symptoms of digestive ulcers and stomach tube reflux across the board, as well as the first-line drug for digestive ulcers, and other types of medicines, such as gastric mucous, acids and h2 receptor inhibitors. In 2017, the country ' s pi was sampled.
Hospital sales amounting to approximately $7,124 million and accounting for about 90% of the market share of the market for ulcer digestion drugs.
Of these, diazole is the highest-selling ppi in the country; second-generation pi includes Esomella, Rebella and Aprazo. One-generation pi still accounts for more than 60% of the market share of the domestic pi market. Second-generation pi has grown faster in recent years, compared to one-generation pi plasma half-life and peak time, which works faster and continues to depress acid, but bio-use.
There is no significant advantage over a generation, and the price is higher than that of a generation. The pharmacodynamic parameters of the phosphorus show no significant disadvantage in a generation of pppi, and the future is less affected by the second generation of ppp than the same.
During the last three years, influenced by the pre-development shocks of two generations of pi and the pressure on health insurance, the sales of zolpidem in the sample hospitals have declined. As capsule types have increased and companies have increased, and considering the efficacy of zolconium treatment in clinical terms, the strontone is expected to return to positive growth.
Structural analysis: The market for Pentoranium was highly competitive, the share of capsule-type support companies was rising steadily, and there were now more than 70 manufacturers in the domestic market, and there was no firm with an absolute advantage. By the end of 2017, the market for Chinese medicine had reached 20%, and it had come to the bottom of the list, with the first Naco.
The clear difference is small, and the trend is increasing year by year, demonstrating the firm’s strong market competitiveness. Pitola is mainly in the form of powder and capsules, which currently have 139 approval codes for injections, competition is intense, capsules have only 21 approvals, competition is good, companies have been active in promoting capsules in recent years, and it is expected that
In addition, the company's sodium platinum and platinum injections have been verified on site by fda, and anda is awaiting final clearance. We judge that the main reason for the company's overseas certification is to increase the domestic competitiveness of the powder type, because of the acceptance review guidelines for the evaluation of the quality and efficacy of generic pharmaceuticals, issued by cfda in September 2017.
Intra-Congregation Production and Listed on Euro-American Days, drugs that share the same line of production and apply for listing in Europe and the United States and are examined through on-the-spot inspections, are given priority review policies, are evaluated in a consistent manner, and the market is further expanded by 3.1 sugar meds — a comprehensive layout, with a share of 50 billion market shares.
The number of diabetic patients in the country is currently 114 million, the world’s largest, with a prevalence rate rising from less than 3% in 2000 to 12% in 2017. With the rise in living standards, the acceleration of ageing and the rise in obesity, the incidence of sugar and urine diseases is on the rise, which has contributed to the rapid expansion of the market for diabetic drugs.
In 2016, China’s public health-care facilities and urban retail pharmacies ended with 48,419 million yuan in sales of sugar, which is expected to exceed that figure by more than 50 billion yuan. The structure of domestic and foreign medicines varies widely, with a long-term view of the new system of oral anti-sugar drugs and three generations of insulin.
In the short term, based on economic efficiency considerations, domestic drops will still be dominated by high-priced dichotomy, sugar enzyme inhibitors, etc. Traditional oral drops and second-generation insulin, but in the developed countries of Europe and the United States, the dominant market is the new drop of sugar with a target of intestinal insulin and three-generation long-lasting insulin.
The slow spread in my country, which includes two types of receptor agonist 1 (glp-1) and diphthrin (4dpp-4) inhibitors, is largely due to relatively high prices. As consumption increases among our people, new mechanisms for better oral anti-sugar and three-generation insulin will become me for a long time.
The country’s diabetes market is growing. In 2017, the health insurance catalogue, ddp-4 inhibitors, glp-1, receptor agonists, sglt-2 formulations, etc., were added to the health insurance list, Lilarupine was negotiated into the health insurance catalogue, and glp-1 receptor and sglt-2 inhibitors were added to the binary medicine of the Chinese Diabetes Type 2 Guide (2017).
Table 7 Comparison of oral sugar varieties Diabetes Comprehensive layout, strong cash flow provides strong support for R & D and extended M & A Corporate research and development layout in the field of diabetes, glp-1, receptor agonist, dpp-4 inhibitor, sglt-2 inhibitor
The availability of medicines for clinical approval or clinical treatment, and their high ranking among domestic manufacturers, is yet another proof of the company’s ability to imitate its pharmaceutical poles. Three generations of insulin, though relatively slow, are well-competitive in the country, with no national producers as yet. In addition to autonomous R & D and collaborative commissioning, companies have introduced them through product authorization.
(license-in) Foreign varieties have greatly accelerated R&D progress, as exemplified by ttp 273 and hd118. Cost spending is mainly for the autonomous development of new medicines, technological upgrading of products in research and online, international certification of major products, evaluation of generic consistency, introduction of technology and interests in new products from outside, etc. Companies will continue to insist on internationalization and innovation in the future.
The new transformational development strategy has strengthened the introduction of new external drug projects. At the end of 2017, cash balances amounted to $2.373 billion, with strong cash flows providing strong support for the company’s future outreach M&As. 1) glp-1 receptor agonists (Liralu & ttp273)
glp-1 action mechanisms and market patterns glp-1 insulin sample 1 (glp-1) is an entropy hormone from intestinal l-cell secretion, which promotes the dependence of the pancreatic beta-cell Portuguese glucose concentration on insulin. glp-1 receptor agonist activates the glp-1 receptor, raises the glp-1 by activating the glp-1 receptor in the body.
At this level, glucose dependence promotes the insulination of beta cells on insulin, reduces the insulin of alpha cells on insulin, and, while reducing blood sugar (including empty abdominal sugar and post-dinner sugar), rarely causes low blood sugar to occur. Besides safe sugar, glp-1 can delay stomach run-off, increase saturation, reduce fertility, and partly glp-1 agonists.
Discovering the role of light pressure, kidney protection, reduction of the risk of cardiovascular events, and promotion of insulin cell regeneration.Glp-1 receptor agonists have now become the most important driving force in the expansion of the global market for diabetes drugs, with a glp-1 receptor agonist market of $7.24 billion in 2017, representing 15% of the global market for sugar drugs and five years of compound growth.
The rate was 27%, the fastest increase in all sugar drugs. In 2017, the domestic glp-1 market was only 400 million yuan, accounting for only about 1% of the global glp-1 market, well below the share of insulin. On the one hand, it was due to the late entry of the market, and on the other hand, because of the higher price (5-10 times the cost of insulin treatment), and also because patients were well aware of glp-1.
Lilarupine - the popular glp-1 receptor agonist - is the heavy weight glp-1 receptor agonist introduced by Noor and Nord in 2009 and is fattened on the glp-1 basis.
The modifier of the side chain of acid, which allows it to be combined with clean blood proteins, has a half-life extension to 11-13h, and has significantly reduced immunogeneity due to its 97% homogeneity with glp-1. It is currently recognized as a long-acting glp-1 receptor agonist with good and low side effects on sugar.
In early 2010, Lilalupi was approved by fda to enter the United States market, and in 2011 to China. Global sales continued to rise by 16% in 2017, reaching $3.8 billion, saxenda increased by 62%, and sales by about $400 million, totalling $4.2 billion, were absolutely dominant in the glp-1 receptor agonist market.
According to Lila Luang, in 2017, domestic sales in the sample hospital in the country amounted to RMB 52 million, an increase of 24.5 per cent, representing 69 per cent of the share of the glp-1 market, with the remainder being the early listing of Essena, which had a low effect on sugar, with a high immunopregency, and the pattern of competition.
Medical practitioners are the only glp-1 receptor agonist in the health care catalogue. Considering that the glp-1 receptor inhibitor is currently only 0.9% of China’s global market for diabetic drugs, and that there is much room for growth in the future, as well as good Lilalu medicine and new health care coverage, Lilarupuan is expected to have more than $3 billion in domestic market space.
In August 2017, Victoza of Nord and Nord passed its patent in China, and now domestic manufacturers are in the first tranche of the company’s subsidiaries, i.e., the Hennesso Pharmaceuticals and Transpolarism, respectively.
Due to the different categories of registrations declared by the three individuals, the analysis is based on the respective categories. Lilalupi of the nine-source gene was approved in August 2016, the I phase is now successfully completed, and the iii phase is expected to be launched in the fourth quarter of this year, the country’s first declared manufacturer.
The company was approved for clinical treatment in September 2017, but the data from the tests are not yet available at the Clinical Trial Registration and Information Publicity Platform.
Lilarupine was admitted to the clinic in November 2017 and applied under the 15th class of biological products, although it is still in the state of review, but was approved for direct iii clinical treatment under the classification of biological products and reporting requirements, and was therefore included in the first echelon.
ttp273 - Companies authorized the introduction of a typical case of new varieties. In December 2017, companies obtained exclusive licences for the right to know-how and commercialization of the oral glp-1 receptor agonist tttp273 in 16 countries and territories, including China, for a total of $33 million, to be paid in stages.
The company developed a non-peptide, highly selective glp-1 receptor agonist for the first global project. ttp273 has been completed in the United States of America, where companies can directly conduct the iii clinical phase. ii. The clinical results show that tttp273 works well for sugar-reducing urinary patients with glucose red protein (hba1c), good tolerance, no severe low blood sugar response, low doses.
In addition, since the glp-1 receptor agonists currently on the market and their analogues are injectable, their use is not easy, and tttp273 is available to cover more patients. At present, tttp273 has completed the transfer of technology, and the company plans to conduct a global multi-centre ii clinic in China by the end of this year.
The company is considering the optimization of clinical and post-registration production programmes, which are expected to increase faster than expected. The company’s net cash flow in 2017 was $1.66 billion, the cash flow was abundant, the product authorization was introduced, and the introduction of license-in would be an important way of internationalizing the company’s new drug innovation in the future.
2) dpp-4 inhibitor (hd118 & tragletine & Sigletine dia) dpp-4 inhibitor mechanism and market pattern dpp-4 inhibitor, also known as Grettin.
Sphinx-1 (glp-1) and glucose dependence contribute to the eradication of insulin-genic multigenesis (gip) insulin, increasing the levels of endogenous glp-1 and gip, promoting the release of insulin from insulin cell beta cells, and curbing insulin from insulin, thus increasing insulin levels, reducing blood sugar, and not easily inducing low blood sugar and weight gain.
Similarly, but in the same direction as glp-1, the dpp-4 inhibitor is also a blood sugar-dependent degenerative, i.e. low blood sugar, which automatically reduces the efficacy of the drug and avoids the risk of low blood sugar, but individual drugs such as Sha Gretting and Agritine may increase the risk of heart failure.
From 2017 to the present, the Dpp-4F varieties have been included in the category B health insurance, although they are limited to second-line drugs, and it is still difficult to replace the second-line drugs, insulin and Acapose sugar for short periods of time in the country, but they are a good example in the global market, and as the number of diabetic drug users in China increases year by year, and doctors and patients are aware of the Dpp-4 products.
This is expected to be followed by a gradual increase in the domestic market share of this group of products. The R & D layout of Dpp-4 inhibitors is reasonable, ranging from innovative and unmarketed varieties imported from abroad to those with high clinical recognition and a certain market base.
The company authorized the introduction of a new type 1 drug,hd118, and the opening of the clinic was followed in 2014 by the signing of a technology transfer contract for a new type 1 drug,hd118, with Hd118 obtaining all relevant technologies and Chinese patents for treatment of diseases in the context of type 2 diabetes in China.
The completed clinical trials showed that hd118 had a good drop in sugar, and after 12 weeks of treatment of 400 mg and 200 mghd118, the absolute values of hba1c decreased by 0.82% and 0.64%, respectively, compared with the decrease of placebos by 0.52% and 0.34%, with no serious and high incidence of poor response. hd118 was obtained in late 2017, clinical approvals are being prepared, clinical samples are being prepared, and clinical trials are about to be conducted.
The first global dpp-4 inhibitor tragletine has started clinical trials.
Other varieties of the same type do not differ significantly, but the frequency of delivery is once a week, and the same dpp-4 inhibitor on the market requires oral treatment once a day, which is expected to improve patient convenience and dependency. The original zafatek is still not on the market in the country, and the Chinese medicine has obtained clinical clearance, has prepared clinical samples, and has begun clinical trials.
As a result of the successful clinical process, a number of companies in the country have obtained clinical clearances, competition, and the company’s ability to control channels after listing is expected to be a factor in the competitiveness of tragletin.
Sigretin's dichotomy, combined with dietary and exercise therapy, is used to treat patients with type 2 diabetes who still suffer from poor control of blood sugar or who are receiving joint treatment. Only Genoda in Mercado is listed in the domestic market for the year 2012 and due to good sugar reduction and lower prices, in the third quarter of 2017, in the domestic sample hospital.
The market share of the dpp-4 inhibitor market is 18.2 million yuan. Only Tungbao and Tungbao are currently experimenting on bio-equivalency in the country, both of which started in the second half of 2017.
3) sglt-2 inhibitor (Caglia) sglt-2 inhibitor mechanism and market pattern sglt-2 inhibitor, Chinese known as sodium-glucose combined trans-protein 2 inhibitor, also known as the Glycerine net group drug, can be suppressed
The heavy absorption of glucose in kidneys leads to overdoses of glucose from the urine and lower blood sugar. Unlike other degenerants, sglt-2 inhibitors are non-insulin-dependent, so they can be combined with other degeneratives. Overall, the low blood sugar risk of sglt-2 inhibitors is low, reducing body weight and blood pressure, and some species have heart.
Angioplasty benefits, but there is also a risk of urinary system infections, fractures and amputation of lower limbs. Because of the unique sglt-2 inhibitor, non-insulin depends on the sugar route, the current trend is mainly to develop sglt-2 inhibitors and other congener formulations, especially dimethyl bipolar or dpp-4 inhibitors.
The sglt-2 inhibitor was listed in 2014 with a faster initial growth rate and a decline in 2016. The global market is composed of three major varieties, including the Johnson-Handing Net Kargler, the Greeningham Net Ngeley and the Aslikon Net Dag Hammarskjöld, three of which were listed domestically in 2017 and for which no sales data are available, as they are not yet in place.
Health-care reimbursement system, the sustainability of future growth still requires attention to access. Figure 37 has marketed sglt-2 combination formulations and figure 36 sglt-2 global sales of inhibitors for 2012-2016
Calgary net clinical data is ideal, and the test shows that the Kanglé net group has benefited significantly from blood sugar, blood pressure, and blood lipid control, with a significant reduction in the time frame for cardiovascular endpoints. But there is also a net risk of fractures.
US dollars, down from 2016, are still ranked first in the market for sglt-2 inhibitors. The Kaglé and Kaglé double-barrel combinations of Chinese medicine were approved in March 2016 and March 2017, respectively, and clinical trials are now under way.
In the first time since 1921, insulin has been extracted, and has been developed through animal-source insulin, recombinant insulin, and reorganisation.
Insulin analogues have evolved in three generations, and insulin can be divided into medium/long, short/quick, pre-insulin, depending on its effect and time. One generation of insulin is heliogenic insulin, with many side effects, and has been largely clinically phased out.
The risk of low blood sugar can be significantly reduced by a better simulation of the physiological insulin glands. Global sales of insulin in 2017 amounted to $22.318 billion, or about 53 per cent of the diabetes market, with three generations of insulin sold at $18.865 billion and 84.53 per cent of insulin internal sales, despite similar shocks, for the last two years.
While sales have declined slightly, they remain the largest class in the diabetes market, with Señorfi’s long-term sales of long-lasting glyph insulin at the top of the list. Over the long term, three generations of insulin have replaced two generations of insulin as a trend in the insulin market, based on the experience of the United States, and two generations.
The share of insulin dropped from more than 50% in 2005 to less than 20% today, and the share of insulin has stabilized slightly in the last three years. According to imms, the share of insulin in our three generations in 2016 is still less than 50% in the interior of insulin due to economic efficiency, and there is still much room for substitution from 80% in the United States.
Insulin will continue to occupy a place in our diabetes market, with the new version of the Health Insurance Directory in 2017 upgrading two generations of insulin from type B to category A and three generations of insulin to category B. Three generations of insulin will remain in our three-generation insulin market, with three major international producers in Noord, Rey, and Sanofi.
There is only the Canary Pharmacy, and the Canary Pharmacy has been growing in recent years. According to the Canary Pharmacy Scheme, the price of insulin is about 20% less than that of foreign manufacturers, so the price of high-quality three-generation insulin is higher in the country, and in the future, three-generation insulin has huge alternatives to imports in the larger context of health insurance costs.
At present, the development of Chinese medicine in insulin is concentrated mainly on three generations of insulin, but the overall clinical progress is relatively early, with long-term effects. Insulin has completed pre-clinical trials and declared clinically by the end of 2017. Mentunsulin and Degulin are both in the preclinary research phase.
Insulin and delta insulin are generally advanced in their development phase, with only one or two manufacturers receiving bed documents. Insulin manufacturers are moving faster, the Chuhai Federation is reporting production in Guangdong, and the Canary Pharmaceuticals industry is closer to chemist Tungbao, before and after the third clinical phase. The company’s three major insulins are on the market, and the company’s canals are expected to be used.
Depending on objective factors such as living conditions, changing patterns, and rising survival pressures, the incidence of cancer is rising and is expected to replace cardiovascular disease as the world’s leading cause of death. Anti-cancer drugs remain the largest disaggregated drug currently, far exceeding the growth of other types of drugs.
By 2017, China’s anti-cancer market had grown from 60.3 billion yuan to 110.9 billion yuan, with an average annual compound growth rate of about 16.5%, expected to reach 144.7 billion yuan in 2018, and the market space for the next 10 years is still large. In anti-cancer drugs, small molecular targets, represented by the eugenics, are better-performing, with less toxic side effects than before.
One generation of drugs, such as alkalysed agents, platinum-based therapeutics and violet, has become the main driving force in the growth of the market for oncological drugs, selling about 50% of them. The company is late in setting anti-cancer drugs, but most of them are small molecular target drugs, of which the third generation of the egfr target for non-small cell lung cancer is moving faster and has started a ii phase of clinical treatment.
1) Small Molecular Targeting: Majuadaloni, lung cancer is the number one malignant tumor in the country with both mortality and morbidity rates, and according to the National Cancer Centre ' s 2015 figures, there are about 700,000 new cases of lung cancer every year. According to the commercial intelligence provider, Gbiresearch, worldwide.
The size of the market for treatment of non-small cell lung cancer will increase from $6.9 billion in 2014 to $10.9 billion in 2021. China’s market for anti-pulmonary cancer drugs already exceeds $20 billion.
The drug market is dominated by anti-egfr mutations in non-small cell lung cancer, with a high incidence of egfr targets in the Chinese population of 50.2 per cent.
The whole market for the small-molecular inhibitors of lung cancer, egfr, created a three-fold situation between Giféani, Ekdeni, and Erlotoni. Compared to the generation of the egfr inhibitors, the second generation of egfr-tki can be co-valued with the erbb receptor network, irreversibly and completely.
Disruption of transmission of signals, leading to sustained and wide-ranging fission resistance, and to some extent overcoming the availability of anti-drugs caused by the mutation of egfr gene 20, t790m, is a worrying side-effect and less widely applied clinically. Although one generation, two generations of molecules, target for drugs, has been significantly prolonged, the vast majority of patients end up with a moderate reduction time.
It produces resistance, of which t790m of secondary mutations account for 50%-60% of all resistance mechanisms.
In addition to McWalleney, the company has five small-molecular target drugs that have been approved for clinical trials or be-testings, namely, Iruetini, Boshutini, Imaalini, Erlotini, and Solafini, among them.
The first cancer drug in the world to be treated with protein enzyme was developed by Takeda, Japan, and Johnson, the United States of America, and approved by fda in May 2003 as a linear drug for the treatment of multiple osteoporomas.
Sales reached US$ 2,381 million, ranking 12th out of all oncological drugs. Global sales have declined in the last three years, mainly because of patent expiry and competition from Linazine, but boulina is better suited to our country than to Lina.
As a global heavy-pound species, the lower sales in the country were due to a higher unit price (about $12,000) and a lack of access to health care. In July 2017, the baboon sold to Zomi in China.
Health insurance negotiations have been successful in accessing health care, reducing the price by about 51% (3.5 mg specification, $6116, 1 mg specification, $2344), but the main domestic producer of bologna for Zomi is the Yangsen Pharmaceuticals under the banner of Johnson and Johnson. As a result of the difficult process and counter-reaction conditions, domestic manufacturers have been slow to move forward, with only the Haussen Pharmaceuticals and Chiru Pharmaceuticals being approved, and the Haussen Pharmaceuticals industry.
Similarly, in late 2017, Chiru pharmaceuticals were approved, and in early May. In addition, nearly 20 manufacturers are still clinically active, or reporting clinically.
4.1 Zhejiang is a leading business leader in Zhejiang Province, where regional subsidiaries or offices have been established throughout the province and municipalities, where networks and supply chain services cover Zhejiang province, and where the full range of products (pharmaceuticals, medicinal materials, devices) and the entire client base have been achieved.
Businesses have the advantage of integrating logistics and are committed to building a province-wide network with full coverage, specialization and service delivery systems that are now in place.
Supported by two modern logistics centres in Zhebei and Zhenan Wenzhou, a province-wide logistics distribution system supported by regional affiliates such as Lake County, Shaochen, Ningbo and Leisu, with a total warehouse area of 118,000 square metres. 4.2 Commerce is suffering from a two-vote system that has slowed up the recovery rate.
In 2017, the company ' s revenue from business sales exceeded $20 billion and continued to be a leader in Zhejiang province. The rate of growth in corporate business income declined in the same year, mainly because of the two-vote system in Zhejiang province, which was officially introduced in November 2017, and transfers in commercial distribution, which lost more than $1 billion in the fourth quarter of 2017 owing to the concentration of the impact of the policy, but the Ministry lost more than $1 billion.
Sub-businesses have had less impact on corporate business profits. Companies have been active in increasing the sales model of total agents, shifting one-fifth of the transfer to pure sales, and the business sector’s Māori rate has continued to rise.
4.3 Work to become a new business enterprise offering a “comprehensive medical solution” Continue to improve the distribution chain layout in the province
Market coverage and competitiveness of companies in the canoe region, incorporated into the company ' s business network system, enhanced market coverage and competitiveness of companies in the canoe area.
At the provincial level, the company has made significant efforts to increase the opening rate, the regional distribution ratio and the proportion of people in the courthouse, and has been active in the provision of customer service and market staff, assisting manufacturers in market access and re-dealing; providing personalized value-added services to upstream and downstream clients through project cooperation. At the provincial and municipal hospitals, the company has continued to build on its existing operations.
Provision of drug logistics extension services to major provincial and municipal hospitals, through project cooperation, to obtain early return of hospital funds. On the retail chain, companies are actively involved in the management of slow-diseases, linking hospital-prescription outflows. Retail platforms, piloting distribution projects under the continuum of chronic diseases in Hangzhou metropolitan areas, sinking logistics distribution networks, drug distribution.
The delivery of services has been upgraded from the old community health services to the patient's home and the delivery of medicines has been achieved.
In the face of increasing competition in the market, the beauty-dressing product has continued to grow at a rapid rate, with sales exceeding $700 million in 2017. (3) The forward M & As have not progressed as much as expected; 4) The volume of sales has not been as high as expected.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report with diligence and professionalism, independently and objectively and within the limits of my knowledge.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have no use for them.