The company’s main business is the development, investment, construction, operation and management of hydropower projects, with the main revenue derived from the sale of hydropower. The company is responsible for the development of dry water resources, which are now the leading watersheds, ladders, rolling, integrated hydropower development in the country, and one of the hydro-power companies with a high level of academic construction and centralized operations. The company is responsible for the development of dry water resources and the development of ladder power stations.
Over 1051.840 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity generation are generated annually. (1) The company has now succeeded in controlling the five power plants of Kugo Bridge, Little Bay, Wing Wan, Jindao and Gyeonghong, and with the division of the Bay reservoir and the Bay reservoir, it has become fully operational in October 2012 and October 2013.
The total storage capacity is 15 billion cubic metres, the adjusted storage capacity is 10 billion cubic metres, and the capacity of the power station is 4.2 million kilowatts. The total storage capacity of the water reservoir is 23.7 billion cubic metres, the adjusted reservoir is 11.3 billion cubic metres, and the installed capacity of the power station is 5.85 million kilowatts.
A significant increase in dry run-off and a more even distribution within the year of the run-off can also adjust excess water from the year of abundance to the year of exhaustion, reduce the loss of abandoned water, and step up corporate profitability. Thousands of kilowatts. As of 30 June 2017, 15,72 million kilowatts of hydropower units had been produced in the last river.
By the end of 2020, the company plans to operate about 24 million kilowatts, maintaining its position as the largest power generating company in Yunnan Province, and becoming the largest hydroelectric power company in the southern region of China and in the Lantern River.
(3) Since its inception, the company has been working closely on the construction of more than a dozen large hydroelectric power stations, such as the Little Bay Power Station, the Tsinghong Power Station and the Tsinghong Power Station, which are located in the river basins. The United Nations has carried out a series of hundreds of research projects involving key technologies for the construction of hydroelectric works, environmental protection, engineering safety and the efficient use of water resources.
In 2013, the company successfully developed the world’s first hydraulic lifter, with autonomous intellectual property rights. The company has established a dedicated research and development system for water and electricity technology, which provides scientific and technical support for the follow-up to the scientific and sustainable development of hydropower resources.
In the six months following the report, securities have increased or declined over the 300 index. This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities.
The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained therein shall be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and shall consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.