Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh): Increase in revenue and increase in asset quality: On August 22, Jiangsu Bank published its semi-annual report for 2025.
Jiangsu Bank is an annually weighted average of 15.58% roe in Jiangsu province, Suzhou and Nanton, a decrease of 0.64 pct. The negative rate at the end of June was 0.84%.
A commercial bank has created a new model for the reform of local corporate banks. 2bp less; 331.0% coverage; 12.5pc less ring; the only provincial local corporate bank in the province; and 20 systems in the country.
One of the leading banks is based in Jiangsu Nanjing. On August 2, 2016, it was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The company maintains that “the net interest income of the United States will continue to rise, other non-interest rings will improve, and the speed rings will rise.
The mission of Good Living is to combine innovation, practicality, and excellence, to generate 44,860 million dollars, compared to 7.8%, and to raise the speed ring by 1.6 pct over 1q25.
First-class commercial banks integrated and internationalized have grown into one with a high growth in net interest income and an improved decline in non-interest income. Specifically, (1) the growth in size is driven by a combination of strong and more competitive modern stock-based commercial silver.
Net real interest income decreased slightly by 2.8 pct by +19.1 per cent over the same period. (2) Non-interest income decreased by 8.1 pct over 14.6 per cent over the previous quarter.
Credit lending continued to increase at a high rate, contributing mainly to public loans. 1h25 Jiangsu Bank total assets, loans and total equity/currenta shares (millions of shares) 2.1%. Jiangsu Bank has a solid public business base and strong growth, with renting and business services in the first half of the year.
The demand for retail loans has not improved significantly, with consumer loans and mortgage lending contributing the bulk of the increase in the first half of the year, with small net interest differentials and a persistent decline in the cost of indebtedness. 1h25 Jiangsu Bank disclosed a net interest gap of 1.78 per cent.
This is a decline of 12bp compared to 24 years. Of these, the rate of return on loans, interest-bearing assets and interest-bearing assets are higher than the rate of return on high-interest loans on a quarterly basis, and the rate of return on interest-bearing policies on a second-quarter basis are related to the decline.
In terms of forward-looking indicators, the focus is on loans of 1.24 per cent, loans of 9 bp, loans of 9 bp, loan arrears, poor quality of retail loans, continuing declining trends in the public bad rate, and real estate risks. A breakdown of the industry is: poor personal lending of 0.87 per cent, a decrease of 1 bp from the beginning of the year; poor personal lending of 1 bp.
A good rate of 1.67 per cent, a decline of 37bp from the beginning of the year, and a marginal improvement in the quality of retail micro-assets. For poor public loans, the source of financial wisdom in the East was 0.8 per cent, a decline of 8bp from the beginning.
The loan share has declined to 288% of asset quality impact is manageable. Investment proposal: The high size of Jiangsu Bank in the first half of the year drove the net interest income growth in large double digits, the non-interest income ring improvement, the asset quality in the medium to medium, and the profit in large numbers increase.
Quality excellence and higher dividends, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating. Quality is subject to significant off-the-shelf fluctuations; industry net interest differentials are significantly reduced.
Figure 2: Jiangsu Bank single-quarter revenue, net profit increase, figure 1: Bank Jiangsu accumulated revenue, net profit increase, figure 3: Jiangsu Bank 1q25, 1h25 split performance
Figure 4: Performance of Jiangsu Bank negative return/pay/interest rate and net interest differential (disclosed value) Figure 5: Non-performing loan rate of Jiangsu Bank, interest on loan stock ratio
Bank of Jiangsu (600919.sh): Growth speed loops are up, asset quality is up -- semi-annual review in 2025.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh): Growth speed loops are up, asset quality is maintained - semi-annually in 2025.
You will not have any part of your salary in the past, nor will you have it in the future as specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.