The West Bank's semi-annual performance rating for 2025, August 24th, 2025.
Jiangsu Bank (stock code: 600919), with a robust overall performance and an upswing in revenue: 2025h1, the company achieved operating income of $44,864 million, the value of change gains and gains increased, and the marginal restoration of non-interest-bearing operating income.
The acceleration of the expansion of the size of Zhang First Lai has highlighted the advantages of public business: 2025h1, net corporate interest income of $32,239 million, compared with +19.1 per cent, continued q1, with strong growth in the size of the main beneficiary assets. 2025h1, public
The rate of return on the company’s interest-bearing assets and the cost of its interest-paying liabilities is lower than at the beginning of the year – 38bp, – 30bp, its research assistant, Yuan Shih Province of the economy, and strongly supports the construction of major projects at the provincial and municipal levels, with public loans increasing from 23.3 per cent at the beginning of the year.
Capital loans are higher than at the beginning of the year +31%. Retail loans are more positive than at the beginning of the year +3.07% and are more positive than at the same time last year.
Q2 debt city warming, with a single-season fair value change gain/loss equal to +577.39 per cent.
The advantages of micro, manufacturing services are evident, with a number of business indicators ranked first in the province. Tables show strong growth in credit, focus on priority areas, sustained structural optimization; retail operations are steadily changing, wealth management is developing and corporate fundamentals and stock prices are flexible, and we maintain a “recommended” rating for the period 2025-2027, bvps, respectively.
Figure 1: Bank of Jiangsu revenues, net profits and speed of increase
Figure 4: Jiangsu Bank net interest differentials and negative returns/cost rates
Figure 7: Bank of Jiangsu loan structure Figure 8: Bank of Jiangsu retail loans per annum increase Figure 9: Size of Bank of Jiangsu deposits and rate of increase
Figure 10: Bank of Jiangsu deposit structure Figure 11: Bank of Jiangsu non-interest, intermediate operating income and speed of increase Figure 12: Bank of Jiangsu other non-interest income, return on investment and speed of increase
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.