The first coverage: a sound business cycle with a special steel tap displaying value
This is the first time that the idea focuses on inventivefocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) overlaying the big city's initiatewitoutperform
The product line is well-tailored, the product is popular, better than the big city's outperform, the world's leading specialized, special steel manufacturing company.
More than 20 million tons of special steel materials. Five specialized, special steel htiesg material production bases, two raw materials production bases, two industrial chain extension bases, formed.
e-s-g: 0-5, (pleaserefertotheappendixforesgcomments)
A competitive advantage of the market can be found in meeting the industry needs of priority sectors such as energy, transport, engineering, aerospace: toilet fluids.reproducedbypermission; nourtherdistribution.
Rmb74.19bn/us$10.32bn taking advantage of a "double carbon" policy, sound operations embodying weak cyclical attributes, and firms responding quickly to market demand in the face of the increasing market situation in the first half of 2023.
The company's total sales in the first half of 2023 amounted to 9.42 million tons (including skyline steel pipes), a record high. Foreign trade sales outpaced 1.27 million tons, a year-on-year increase.
55%. Business income is 58.325 billion yuan, an increase of 12.55% from the previous year. Merger and purchase upgrades, green double carbon drives intellectual upgrading.
In the first half of 2023, the Tianjin steel pipe was optimized with a steady increase in production and efficiency. The company insisted on a “green lead” and continued to promote environmentally sound ultra-low-emissions improvements.
In the first half of 2023, the amount of steel sold for energy went out of 3.5 million tons, an increase of 87.7 per cent compared to the previous year; the company insisted on “smart leadership”, setting up a large data centre, upgrading corporate data management, slowing domestic investment, overall overcapacity in steel production, and influencing industry through a policy of dual energy consumption control.
Wu Yijiewu, Mangymanqiwang