On the evening of December 2nd, the gold appliance, whose controlling shareholder, the Greco Group, finally landed.
Signing of the Share Transfer Agreement at a cost of $46.17 per share to Joo Hae-hyeong-hoon (the fund manager is Joo-hyeong-ho) and, as the share transfer is not physically controlled, the share transfer will change to an uncontrollable shareholder and a de facto controlling person, while management entities such as Dong Ming-hyeong-ho will eventually be held (Ju Hae-hyuk)
As a result of an important event, a major development, the case was temporarily suspended yesterday. Today, the stock price of the stock was dropped, and earlier, on the evening of 30 October, it published its three-quarters report of 2019 – the first three quarters of the year – to achieve revenue.
Revenueing $15.539 billion, an increase of 426 per cent in the same year, the net return to the mother was $22.117 billion, an increase of 4.73 per cent in the same year, and the net profit from the non-return to the mother was $21.565 billion, an increase of 1.03 per cent in the same year. Cash flow from operating activities was $32.73 billion, an increase of 117.13 per cent in the same year, the Maori rate was 30.16 per cent (a slight increase of 0.01 per cent), and the net interest rate was 14.33 per cent (an increase).
But three quarters show a slight slowdown in revenue and profit growth: 57,742 million yuan, or 0.03 per cent, and a net profit of $8,402 million, or 0.06 per cent, respectively. The rate of increase is not bright at all, but, from the third quarter, the molecules are able to generate a huge and continuous flow of cash. That's the powerful fundamental, and it is safe, safe, secure, secure.
In the present report, Mergers and Purchasing Mergers will update their financial model Excel tables, based on the tri-quarter report of 2019, and will streamline the core elements of the report:
In terms of the quality of growth — operating income increased by 4.26 per cent over the year, receivables decreased by 8.58 per cent over the year — mainly due to a decrease in instruments receivable, an increase in inventory by 67.42 per cent over the year, and sales costs by 1.9 per cent over the year — advance receipts decreased by 16.07 per cent over the same year (mainly because of the easing of the implementation of the distributioner's money-raising policy in its new cold year and the indirect development of enabling channels).
Cash flows from battalion activities increased by 117.3 per cent (mainly due to an increase in accounts payable). Overall, operating income increased faster than receivables and less than inventory, and from pre-collected accounts and cash flows from operating activities, growth in terms of profitability — 14.33 per cent net interest rate in the third quarter of 2019, an increase of 0.05 percentage points in the same year.
In terms of operational capacity — in the first three quarters of 2019, receivables fell by 8.58 per cent over the same period, inventories increased over the same period, compared with institutional holdings by two quarters, and in the third quarter of 2019, pre-sea life insurance was slightly reduced.
In Hong Kong, China, the Central Settlement, the Efonda, the All-China Fund, and so on, the three-quarterly report: the growth of operating income has slowed, but it has met expectations, the profitability is strong, the activity is strong, and today, before the model report is updated, we have to think about a few issues:
1) What are the factors worth analysing after the release of its three-quarterly report? In terms of financial modelling, how will these change factors affect financial modelling? 2) What is the difference between the performance of the three-quarterly report in 2019 and the previous estimates?
3) This time, according to the updated data from the tri-quarters of 2019, what are the rooms? Is it expensive or cheaper than the previous data? Today, we start with the power appliances to study the modelling logic of the air conditioning industry.
It has also studied American groups, boss appliances, Supor, Flying Electrics, Zhejiang Mi-da, which can buy the "Nuclear Heart Product One: A Professional Report Bank" of the elite team, and has obtained some of the previous case valuation modelling reports, detailed Excel financial models, and in-depth research by hundreds of companies and dozens of industries to reflect in depth on the nature of the industry.
What data are the key points? Since there are no disaggregated data disclosures in the three-quarters reports, we mainly use the conversion of three-quarterly reporting data into annual data, compared to the previous forecast data, and, if significant changes are made, readjustment assumptions are shown in purple fonts; otherwise, we keep the false
No change, still in the updated blue font. Business income increased by 4.26 per cent in the first three quarters of 2019, a slight difference from the 4.13 per cent we projected for the year and 4.4 per cent calculated for the year as a whole, so we will maintain the assumption. The main valuation assumptions are as follows:
1) Income Growth - RMB 98.34 billion was reported for the year 2019, representing an increase of 6.9 per cent in the same year, a. Air conditioning: RMB 79.3 billion, an increase of 4.62 per cent in the same year, a 55 per cent increase, mainly due to a 63.6 per cent increase in the same year, and a 16 per cent increase, mainly in the acquisition of crystal-cooked refrigerators and tables, which was higher than mine
(d) Other major operations: in the first half of 2019, income of $1.03 billion was achieved, an increase of 2.5 per cent over the previous year, which was lower than our original assumption (46 per cent), and we adjusted it.e, other operations: in the first half of 2019, income realized 5) Other assumptions — capital expenditure and operating capital projections based on no significant changes, for the time being
No change. Here, with the updated modelling report, and the adjusted Excel table, you can compare the updated department with the previous data in some detail, and feel in depth -- according to the semi-annual report, what minor changes have occurred in the basics? How will these subtle change factors affect the intrinsic value?
Greco Electric, established in 1989 to control the capital of the City of Joohai, indirectly holding 18.22 per cent of the shares through Greco Group and 0.74 per cent of the shares of Dong Myeong Joo.
Compared to the second quarter of 2019, three quarters of the pre-sea life insurance, the windfall, the central settlement in Hong Kong, China, the Efonda, the All-China Fund, etc. The equity structure will change with the change of stock, with the exception of the top three shareholders in Deep Harbor.
After the transfer of shares has been completed, the power appliances in this case will change to an uncontrollable shareholder and actual controlling person.
It is also worth noting that the management entity (Juhege) will eventually hold approximately 1.6655 per cent of the shares in the power appliances; upon completion of the transaction at the same time, the total number of accredited management and cadre staff of the management entity will receive an incentive of not more than 4 per cent of the shares and the interests of the core management will be assured.
According to the annual report, its products cover four major areas: air conditioners, appliances, high-end equipment, communications equipment, and three major brands: Gravity, Tosot, Jing Hong (the acquisition of 100 per cent of the share in crystalline appliances in September 2018), of which: 1) Air condition - in domestic air conditioners, commercial air conditioners, refrigeration equipment, nuclear electric air conditioners, orbital traffic air conditioners, photovolts
2) High-end equipment - dominated by smart equipment, digital machine beds, sophisticated molding, robotics, precision casting equipment, etc. Gale formally entered the field of smart equipment in 2013 and, in 2018, its autonomous development of “industrial robots with high-performance servers and drivers” was unanimously determined by the Group of Experts to be internationally advanced.
3) Household appliances - dominated by kitchen appliances, healthy household appliances, environmental appliances, washing machines, refrigerators, etc. 4) Communications equipment - dominated by material networking devices, mobile phones, chips, big data etc. Despite the diversity of business layouts, air conditioning accounts for more than 90% of income, compared with appliances in 2018
In terms of the Māori structure, air-conditioning services contribute more than 97 per cent of Māori, followed by household appliances, Māori as a percentage of Māori's ability to earn money - from 2016 to 30 September 2019, respectively, in terms of the industrial chain - and the availability of large quantities of raw materials, while core raw materials compressors, power generators, all of which are beautiful.
The power controls 60% of the market share and the voice is stable; in addition to white power, there are manufacturers of black power, cooking power, small household electricity, etc. The Māori rate is roughly as follows: cooking power (50%) > small household power (30-40%) > white electricity (27%); downstream, mainly in modes such as distribution.
By contrast, we have a professional version of the report. It's worth noting that last Friday's beauty and the boss, too, have a strong voice.
This structure of the industry chain formed the financial reporting structure of the case: 3.53 per cent of the cost of the industry was spent on R & D, 9.54 per cent on sales, and 2.2 per cent on management costs were incurred as a result of the increase in other current liabilities as a result of the return-of-sale implementation, whereas in 2015 it was mainly due to the early discounting of receivables.
Figure: Business income, net profit growth (in %) read the above data, one thing that must be considered in depth - if the financial modelling of the case is to be done, the share of revenue from the air-conditioning operation is above 80% and the contribution from Maori is over 90%, as noted above.
So the focus of our analysis is on the fact that the revenue from air conditioning can be split according to sales and prices, i.e. income = sales* and how does the sale of air conditioning? Currently, the air conditioning market is still dominated by domestic air conditioning, while the export revenue from power appliances is around 15%, so the focus here is on domestic air conditioning.
In order to understand the drivers of its income change, we look back at the historical rate of growth, and it can be seen that the acceleration of the power is largely in line with the rate of production in the air-conditioning sector. Figure: Production and velocity of the air-conditioning sector & velocity of the & acceleration of revenue (in thousands of units, per cent)
The driving forces behind this were seen in 1995 — in order to support downstream distributors, the G.P. introduced a light-season return model; 2000 — mainly due to persistent high temperatures in most areas, resulting in high demand;
- 2003 - oversupply in the air-conditioning sector, with the Grigg changing sales model being the “regional sales company model”, and the achievement of a large 2006 - mainly as a result of the release of the production capacity of the Anhui Production Base;
2017 — The rise in revenue was mainly affected by a drop in the volume of internal sales of air conditioners in 2015-2016, which led to a lower base; and by a 22 per cent increase in the volume of commercial house sales in 2016, which delayed the analysis of demand.
Lines, exactly where? How do we analyze the driving force of the overall sales in the air conditioning industry? We split the drivers from weeks to weeks, and we embedd the three cycle drivers, i.e., two fixed asset replacement cycles for a fixed asset investment cycle and one fixed asset replacement for a fixed asset, based on Schumpeter's theory.
The model suggests the following: Previous studies on the two-cycle nesting of the inventory cycle and the fixed asset replacement cycle, which we have already described in the Glossy Glass report — so now, the complex framework of the three-cycle nesting framework, and how should it be studied?
The completion of fixed-asset investments includes capital and real estate components, two important drivers of fixed-capital investment: debt. Capital is driven mainly by local government liabilities; and real estate is driven mainly by residential liabilities.
Theoretically, when leverage comes into the upper cycle, when leverage comes down, fixed-asset investment goes down a week, according to Ray Dario's description in the Debt Crisis -- "Simplified to a lot, at any given time, when you borrow money, you create a cycle. When you borrow, you don't just borrow money from the lender, you're actually borrowing from the future.
Borrowing money. At some point in the future, you have to lower the level of consumption in order to pay off your debt. This is true for individuals, as well as for a country's economy.” From our fixed-asset investment cycle, it can be roughly divided into two: (a division based on a landmark debt matter)
Since this is a 20-25-year cycle, there are some deviations in different observations, and here our methods of analysis are not necessarily entirely precise, for reference purposes only.
Created with four major amcs; second fixed asset investment cycle, 2000-2018 or so, marked by the introduction of new regulations on deleveraging and capital management in 2018.
The volatility of the large cycle of fixed asset investment varies from one round to another: 1) investment in fixed assets during the second cycle will be significant as the rate of urbanization is lower and the base of investment in fixed assets as a whole is small. 2)
Greater demand is expected to characterize a more stable cycle. So, the third cycle, which is about to begin in the future, is expected to become more smooth, as debt is accumulated, urbanization is slowing, and the volatility of the fixed-asset investment cycle is expected to narrow.
Isn't that so? We see Japan as a developed country, close to our country in terms of geography, climatic conditions and a century-old history of the domestic electricity industry, so we choose Japan as a participant. Currently, the overall domestic gdp is growing at a rate of 6 to 7 per cent, roughly the same as the Japanese gdp in the 1960s to 1980s phases.
The rate is consistent (5% overall gdp, 63% urbanized in 1960) and, by looking at Japan from 1956 to 1973, its fixed capital investment grew at an average annual rate of 20% to the right, close to our 2000-2018 cycle. Japan’s fixed capital investment grew in the 1970’s.
Starting to slow down (to the extent that the introduction of the island's re-engineering programme stimulates capital investment). Figure: Japan's gross fixed capital formation (in %) has grown at a rate of such a large-scale cycle in which Japanese home-grown electricity enterprises have moved to the ceiling in the local market and started a strategic transformation of globalization
For example: Sony established a paint assembly plant in California, United States of America, in 1972; the Motorola household electricity sector was released and purchased in 1974; and Sanyang established a joint venture in China in 1984. Exports began to become a new driving force for Japanese domestic electricity enterprises, with Japanese exports rising from 10.40% to 31.62% between 1970 and 1980.
Thus, if we refer to Japan’s experience, the conclusions are similar to the above, the next fixed-asset investment cycle would be significantly smaller than the previous one. And, “internationalization” could be the key word for home-based electricity enterprises.
Demand for fixed-asset investment, so the rate of urbanization can also be used as a valid indicator. In 1988, our rate of urbanization passed a watershed of 25%, the rate of urbanization began to accelerate, corresponding to a strong increase in the first wave of fixed-asset investment; then, the rate of urbanization rose rapidly, with the rate of urbanization in 2010 being 50%, corresponding to the second wave.
Since then, the rate of urbanization has begun to slow down, reaching 59.58% in 2018. As a result, the next third round of fixed asset investment, which corresponds to 60% urbanization, has begun to grow at a significant rate. Based on the above analysis, we can judge that we are now at the beginning of a new cycle of fixed asset investment, and that
And, unlike the previous cycle, this new large cycle is less volatile. So, our subsequent research is focused on one thing – since the momentum from the large fixed-asset investment cycle is limited, can the other two cycles provide a driving force?
When fixed-asset investment drives down, the main drivers of growth are the increase in air conditioning holdings and the increase in replacement cycles, similar to the principle of car cycle that we have studied before, so we still follow the approach used in the automobile cycle here.
Mid-cycle drivers, mainly from the upgrading and replacement of air-conditioning holdings. 1) First of all, the data on the holdings address the prevailing market misconception that “air-conditioning has gone to the ceiling” - as of 2017, there were about 128.6 air-conditioning units per 100 inhabitants of the country's towns, less than 150 units, and 100 rural households were covered.
The National Statistical Office updated the data for 2018 with 142.18 per cent of urban households and 65.25 per cent of rural households, while the rate of growth slowed down to 280 in 2017, with a coverage rate of over 90 per cent.
At present, the rate of urbanization in the interior is 75-80% of the level at which the urbanization phase is completed and is still long, and the amount of air-conditioning coverage is also far from 280/100 in Japan, 230/100 in Taiwan, China, etc. The data will say: " Worry about the ceiling in the domestic air-conditioning industry, stop worrying about it. " And, at 70%, the rate of urbanization is 70%.
Previously, it was too early to worry about falling domestic house prices.) Second, the need to update, to address the fallacy of “AC buys for many years, not good business” - the need for renewal does not affect the overall level of holdings, but it does exist.
Natural replacement needs; second, pre-replacement needs resulting from product functions, i.e. upgrading replacement needs. First, according to the Rules for the Safety of Life of Household Electricals, air conditioners have a useful life of 8 to 10 years, and the number of end sales of air conditioners sold in the country was 16.15 million in 2007 and increased to 55.72 million in 2017, meaning replacement.
The demand shift will grow gradually, and now is 10 years from home- and electricity-downland policy, and as the growth of new demand slows, the driving force of not replacing demand will grow. Second, with the upgrading of air conditioning in terms of energy efficiency, health, intelligence, and consumer awareness, there is a need for a shift in consumption awareness.
For example, Dong Mingju referred to as “solar air conditioning” in his interview. So, by reference to the previous home power-downland stimuli node, we can roughly judge today's position as the starting point of a new mid-cycle, and the replacement cycle can provide a certain driver -- let's look at the shortness of it.
Short-term sales of air conditioners are based on the combination of real estate and non-cyclical factors such as weather and policy.
The stock cycle, which refers to short-term increases in the volume of air conditioners, is mainly influenced by changes in the stock investment. This is related to the sale patterns of air conditioners, the pre-allocation of market demand in the mainframe plant (as well as the hoarding of goods through channels) and the end-user demand.
Dismatching, leading to the emergence of channel stocks, which form the stock cycle, recalls the historical changes in the sales of air conditioners, of which 2008q2-2009q1, 2011q4-2012q3 and 2015q3-2016q2 correspond to three phases of the air conditioner industry going to stock:
1) In the second half of 2008, the global financial crisis’s containment of consumer demand led to a slight decline in growth and the passive movement of industries to stock. Then, in an effort to expand domestic demand, the “old-for-new” subsidy policy led to a high increase in the sale of air conditioners. 2) In late 2011 and late 2012, the downside of home-based policies led to an overspent consumption potential resulting in sales
The high temperatures in the summer of 2013 and the official implementation of the new energy efficiency standards for air conditioning, which changed the energy efficiency level from five to three levels in October, and the strong promotion by manufacturers of the clean-up of the old standard air conditioners, offsets G3 ' s good market performance in 2014, resulting in a backlog of stocks.
In the second half of 2016, there was a significant increase in sales to 88,754,000, including good real estate and high summer temperatures. So, what time is the current stock cycle?
In terms of historical patterns, stock levels, etc., it has been three and a half years since the start of the replenishment, and in terms of the historical cycle, the current replenishment cycle is nearing its end and the air conditioning market is expected to enter the inventory cycle in 2019.
2) In the second half of 2018, as a result of the down-turning of the property cycle, cool summer, typhoons in South China, rain, etc., there was a decrease in the demand for air conditioning terminals and a high stock of channels. According to industry online data, at the end of 2018, the overall inventory of the industry (through industry online information, as of the end of April 2019, the total inventory of air conditioners was 49987,000, updating its historical high value;
In June, emissions from air conditioners and compressors declined to varying degrees. In June, emissions from the domestic air conditioners industry fell by 9.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, of which inward sales fell by 11.7 per cent; exports fell by 2.3 per cent to platoon production until September 2019, when the output growth rate began to improve (4.5 per cent).
So, special attention needs to be paid — 2019 is a turning year in which the air-conditioning industry will be in a de-stocking cycle, considering that the time dimension of each cycle will normally be four to six quarters, and that the stacking of real estate is expected to return to warming. It is therefore expected that, on the basis of the above-mentioned three cycle-driven analysis, it will be largely clear that the gravity is currently located in the second round.
At the end of the fixed asset investment cycle, the turning point will be reached in 2019 — when the round begins, and when the two remaining cycles start, the drive for the new round is limited, but the upward line of the medium- and inventory cycles can still provide the driver.
Then, after a historical analysis, we made a revenue projection for the case, and the breakdown of sales is as follows: we split into two major blocks - air conditioner sales, air conditioner exports.
I. List of internal sales: People, urbanization rate 59.6 per cent in 2018 (urbanization rate = urban population/total population) and the Institute of Social Sciences, which expects China ' s urbanization rate to exceed 80 per cent after 2050, assumes a rate of 70 per cent urbanization in 2028.
We can calculate the number of urban households and rural households in 2028 after 10 years, and then we measure future needs by the number of households, measured by “100 households”: 1) additional demand = urban + rural growth, further split by the formula of “new demand = urban households (100 households)
In 2017, there were about 128.6 units per 100 inhabitants of the country, less than 150 units per 100 inhabitants, 100 units per 100 inhabitants of rural areas, and the Yozo team assumed that in 2028 years after 10 years (i.e., the rate of urbanization reached 70 per cent), the urban air conditioners were 200 units per 100 households (close to Japan's 1990s level); while in rural areas, owing to living conditions and economic growth, there were about 200 units per 100 inhabitants per 100 inhabitants per 100 inhabitants per 100 inhabitants.
In terms of the increase in urban holdings in 2018, we have adjusted our increase in holdings in combination with new data, given that the new levels of holdings in 2018 published by the Bureau of Statistics differ from our estimates.
At 100, the rate of increase was faster, so that the first five years of rural holdings increased by 8 (a little faster than the urban increase), followed by 2) the need to update - referring to Japanese census data, air conditioners were actually used for 10.9 years (a safe life of 10 years), assuming that our air conditioners were updated for 10 years.
And the three-year average retail volume measured eight years ago. Chart: Release of the need to update the demand has led to an increase in the central volume of sales in air conditioners (in thousands), which is the process of calculating the volume of retail sales, in addition to the non-retail volume:
Non-retail volume - this is mainly through non-retail channels, sales to business units and stock for supplementary channels. Non-retail volume here is directly assumed to be the average value for nearly three years and remains unchanged thereafter. According to the above assumptions, sales grew at a rate of 0.03 per cent in 2019, and data on the label agencies, January to September 2019, empty.
In 2017, Asia became a major exporter of global air-conditioning, accounting for 43%. Although developing regions in Asia are relatively underdeveloped in terms of economic performance and electricity infrastructure, climatic conditions make air-conditioning demand stronger – based on warmer air-conditioning.
Line data, India ' s air-conditioning market grew by 21.2 per cent in 2016, South-East Asia by 11.2 per cent, India ' s household air-conditioning penetration rate was less than 8 per cent in 2017, and the market space was larger.
Tariffs have been raised from 10 to 20 per cent since September 27, 2018, and the Indian market, which is favoured by air-conditioning companies, has been rising sharply since November, with a 48 per cent drop in q1 in 2019. So, in order for the future power force to move into the South-East Asian market, the transfer of capacity should be an approximate event.
In 2019, q1 observed that, despite the decline in exports from the US, India, etc., the growth along the “one-way” line was faster, with an equal increase of more than 20% compared to Russia, Lithuania, and Croatia in Central and Eastern Europe, for example, Indonesia, Malaysia. So the future expansion of overseas operations is more certain than it is that there will be problems in the short term.
In general, overseas markets have a high degree of certainty about the pace of growth, and there is a high cost of large domestic electricity transport, and there is a problem with tariffs, and if they are to expand overseas, manufacturing bases will have to be established abroad – and, at present, only Brazil and Pakistan have two major bases abroad.
In contrast to another big electric head, they buy to take over the South-East Asian market, and their production base in overseas deployments is spread across 15 countries. At the same time, Haile has accelerated overseas expansion through mergers and acquisitions.
At the same time, as investors, it is important to keep a close eye on the progress of its overseas construction. Back to this case – from 2016 to 2018, exports of domestic air conditioning grew at a rate of 10%, but because of the macro-level context, it is expected that we will only remain neutral.
In 04 of 2018, there was a “shock-off” (a 10.4 per cent increase), and in 2019 there was a 9.3 per cent drop in 01 exports on a year-on-year basis. Between January and September 2019, there were 47,486,000 air-conditioning exports, a 1.9 per cent decrease in the same year.
In summary, it is possible to predict the sale of household air conditioners. According to the formula: G-air-conditioning sales = sale of household air-conditioning * the G-power market, the next step is to determine the market-based situation.
5% of the decline (13% of average industry prices per month) and the monthly retail averages ranged from 2% to 7%. The US, Ox, etc., were all active online, at a high-value price price, and took part of the market share at a low price.
34.7 per cent (a decrease of 1.5 percentage points); 10,580,000 external sales, a decline of 8.2 per cent in the same year, and 22.3 per cent of the market share of external sales, which is a key factor in determining future market value, were preceded by a simultaneous reduction in product prices in the second half of the year, given the low price competition with the industry.
In the light of the new situation from July to September, its price strategy is a combination of our expectations (the average price has fallen separately from that of the previous five years), so here we maintain the same assumptions about the market rate, and we still give optimistic and conservative scenarios -- 1) considering the introduction of a green and efficient cooling programme would help the industry to phase out backward production capacity, and optimistic assumptions about the first five years of the domestic market.
2) Conservative assumption that the share of the city will decline to 30% per year and remain constant due to power-market shocks, increased competition (Sunin, millet, etc.). The results are as follows:
As a result of this study, the main issues that require attention in terms of sales have been addressed, followed by price factors. The overall upward trend in air-conditioning prices has been about 2.5% compound growth between 2007 and 2017, mainly as a result of increased frequency and higher-end product ratios, with short-term fluctuations influenced mainly by weather, stock cycles, and raw-material prices.
Figure: Average air-conditioning (in dollars) First, in 2018, the price of air-conditioning continued to rise, at a rate of about 13 per cent, with little possibility of continuing to raise the price, while, based on the above assessment of the inventory cycle, in 2019 the pipeline was under greater pressure and the price of air-conditioning was kept under pressure, presumably at a higher rate.
Second, at the cost end, the price of bulk raw materials began to decline in 2018q3, the cost of materials manufacturers and, according to Wind, the combined cost of air conditioning in the first half of the year fell by about 4 to 5 per cent compared to the previous year, so that in the second half of the year 2019, based on industry prices, the average retail price under the air-conditioning line in February 2019 was lower than the same price in the second half of the year.
A 13% slip, with a 2.4% drop in the average price in March, but the first half of the year of the GAC, with a decline of 5% in February, saw an increase in the average monthly retail price ranging from 2% to 7%. Given the decline in market share, however, it is still expected that flexible pricing will be possible in the second half of the year to restore the increase in market share.
According to monitoring data on the Ovi line, the average monthly retail value of the greg fell by 5% per month in June, the ring by 13%, and follow-up on sales began. As noted above, according to the data from Mid-Iekon, the average value of the glut fell separately from July to September.
Taking into account the increase in prices in the first half of the year, we maintain the assumption in the interim that assuming a historical combination of changes in the average price of the GAC: household AC revenue under optimistic conditions, however, the price increase of 2.5 per cent above, which means lower prices, is difficult to predict for the second half of the GAF.
The six-month price reduction is less than the first-month price increase, and the impact of such price assumptions on the income growth rate is greater, and the impact of different price adjustments on the market rate is different. Therefore, we measure the impact of single-factor sensitivity analysis, with market rates and price fluctuations on the 2019 rate of income growth. The results are as follows:
In addition to domestic air conditioning, there are central air-conditioning operations, small household electricity, smart equipment, etc., which account for a larger share than 24%. According to HAC Information, the domestic central air-conditioning market fell by 3.6% in the first half of 2019, and industry online statistics show a 1% decline in GAC sales. Here, it is assumed that the growth rate will be zero in 2019.
In the first half of 2019, household appliances earned $2.56 billion, an increase of 63.6% over the same period, mainly from crystal-cooked refrigerators.
Taking into account the impact of M & As (780 million yuan in q4 revenue in 2018). According to semi-annual reporting in 2019, the growth rate of other major battalion operations was 2.5%. Due to the high historical volatility and the lack of disclosure of specific business content, we simplify the forecast of income growth in other major battalion operations by about 3%, combined with semi-annual reporting data.
5. Other operations - 14.7 per cent, mainly the collective procurement of raw materials by Gpower for its own suppliers and their transfer to the revenue recognized by the supplier, which sells raw materials into spare parts to Gircon, similar to the b/s model (also known as “A” for Fuscant).
New non-ferrous metals (electric paint line operations), combined on 31 May 2019, increased revenue by $800 million. 14.4 per cent in the first half of 2019, since the supply was mainly related to air-conditioning revenue, here we project other operations based on other income as a share of air-conditioning income.
Levels in 2018, then down to 16 per cent of historical averages. Figure: Income under optimistic scenarios, however, whether this top-down assumption is reasonable or not, we have to cross-check with other acceleration methods.
Method I, Rebuttal of quarterly reports - through the historical relationship between quarterly, mid- and annual reports, in contrast to 2019 Method IV: Industry acceleration - according to Ovi Clouds, the total sales in the air-conditioning market in 2018 were 2010 million yuan, an increase of 4.1 per cent, taking into account the identification of long-term space for the development of air-conditioning in the context of steady increases in holdings, and steady demand on three or four lines.
Release, projected sales in air conditioners in 2019 are equal to or almost equal. By contrast, optimistic projections for 2019 show a slightly lower rate of increase than those for institutional consistency, with three-cycle nesting models for light, square and square securities pre-empting all three drivers of revenue down in 2019, compared to the previous situation, which was 2015
So, the part of the income is estimated to be complete. And then we have to look closely at another important thing -- how much costs and expenses are spent on this case every year?
The change in the Māori rate is largely influenced by cost and price factors. (1) Specifically, between 1993 and 2008, the air-conditioning industry expanded from a high rate to a higher supply than demand, and the market began to continue.
Price wars, coupled with the high volatility of steel prices, the sharp rise in copper, the constant compression of the rate of Māori in air-conditioning plants, and the gradual phasing out of a large number of small producers. Gravity began to acquire compressors, power generators, extending into the upstream industrial chain.) Between 2009 and 2012, sales increased significantly, and the Māori rate was relatively stable, as a result of the power subsidy policy.
3) Domestic electricity policy exited in 2013, industry competitive patterns stabilized, concentration increased, brand power gradually changed, upstream raw materials were less cost-constrained with core parts such as compressors, air conditioning product upgrades, overall market price increases, and the Māori rate in the GLAC business remained above 30%.
In addition, the air-conditioning industry has an oligarchic pattern, with three major poles with a market share of more than 60 per cent, and with Māori, the leader has shown significantly higher performance than the other second-line brands.
In this case, there was little expenditure on financial costs, so the focus was on the administrative cost rate, the sales cost rate: the administrative cost rate — which was mainly staff remuneration, consumption, depreciation and amortization, and the research and development costs — was around 3 to 5 per cent, which was relatively stable.
Cost of sales — Sales costs are mainly for installation maintenance, sales return and promotional costs, representing 80.00 per cent of sales costs, which are mainly for sales return. Figure: cost for the period (in %)
In 2007, Gretchen reported a return on sales, together with the subject of “other current liabilities”. In this case, a return on sales refers to the cumulative purchase of a certain quantity of goods by the distributor over a certain period of time, or the corresponding price preference or compensation granted by the company to the dealer, for example, as a result of the fall in market prices.
Of these, typical low-season returns, both address the low-season production deficit and ease the pressure on the supply of goods during the season. They are able to smooth seasonal fluctuations in air-conditioning production, sales, and increase overall capacity utilization.
The sales return button, referred to by Ms. Dong as Geiger's nuclear button, is classified as a business secret, and the information disclosed in the bulletin is very low, but since there are generally three types of accounting treatments for repatriation: 1) offset revenue; 2) increase costs; 3) take-off, in order to ensure revenue forecasting and reasonableness, we try to explore the potential financial treatment of return.
The return on sales is paid monthly (including the cost of the sale). The net and gross interest rates on the return on sales are somewhat relevant from historical data, and the annual return on sales increases are then compared to two sets of data when the Māori rate declined in 2010, 2011 and 2015:
First, in absolute terms, the net increase in sales costs and other current liabilities remains the same as the change in the net increase in sales costs, indicating that the return on sale of active sales costs may be financed by the net return on sale.
It is worth noting, however, that in the second quarter of 2019 there was a departure from the net increase in sales costs and other current liabilities, which, according to the reported increase in sales costs, is mainly due to a higher sales policy, which is expected to be due to the existence of channel subsidies that are partially excluded from other current liabilities, such as through differential subsidies, installation subsidies, etc.
The second is the relative caliber, where the Māori rate is synchronized with the cost of sales in the first quarter of the quarter, which shows that when the return profit is increased, the price increases are higher than the price increases.
The financial treatment behind the above financial data feature may be (with no tax pending consideration): Reimbursement-lending: sales cost lending: other current liabilities (increase in sales costs)
Reimbursement in kind - 1) return in kind as sale, income recognition offset by elimination income, only to be carried forward as loan: operating cost loan: inventory (declining Māori rate) 2 loan: other current liability loan: sales cost (declining cost of sales)
So how does this accounting treatment affect the net profit? - When the rate of return is lower and the current rate of return is higher, so that the amount of return cash is greater than the amount of return money, then the cost of sales falls, and the net profit rises, in the same way, and the net profit falls, in contrast.
In the first three quarters of 2019, the sales rate increased by 1.09 percentage points over the same period, and in the first three quarters of 2019, given the relevance of the gross sales margin (Māori-sales cost ratio) given the correlation between the gross sales rate and the return recognition rate, considering the flat sales cost rate, we maintain the assumption that the sales cost rate remains the same for almost three years.
The cost, the cost, the profit schedule, is finished, the money spent on capital spending, and in the future, Grigori currently has 14 production bases in China and abroad, located in Chuhai, Chongqing, Cheongqing, Chengzhou, etc., and thousands of packages, with more than 45 million deliveries, in the top of the industry.
In terms of trends, their share of capital expenditure in income is somewhat cyclical, but their overall share is around 2 to 5 per cent. Figure: Capital expenditure inputs and returns (in %, double)
Consider that the size of its long-term assets, such as fixed assets, accounts for less than 10% of total assets, without a detailed capital-expenditure plan, but on a percentage basis.
This part of the assumption is therefore maintained. Among these are: 1) the share of capital asset acquisition/business income, assuming that it is fully amortized. With regard to capital expenditure, there has been no significant change, and the assumption has been maintained to see how the capital expenditure has changed in the day-to-day course of operations.
Looking back at history, its net operating capital as a percentage of operating income was negative, with a stronger voice for upstream and downstream, respectively: operating capital and its share of income (in billions of yuan, %1) versus downstream voice rights - mainly receivables, pre-collectives and receivables.
With respect to accounts receivable (including instruments receivable), historically, receivables account for between 20 and 40 per cent of operating income, but more than 80 per cent of them are bank notes with a very high liquidity capacity.
Compared to the turnover days of the three major white power producers, it can be seen that there is a stronger voice for the glycerine. In the first three quarters of 2019, there was a decline of 80.67 per cent in the accounts receivable and accounts receivable on a year-on-year basis, mainly by classifying part of the receivables under the new accounting standards under the heading “Receivables financing”.
On 30 April 2019, the Ministry of Finance issued a report on the revision of the financial statement format for the issuance of the general financial statements of enterprises for the year 2019.
Receivables, for example, discounting, endorsement of a portion of the bank ' s currency bill, or sale of a specific account receivable from a particular client through a non-recourse factor, and meeting the termination of the transfer of financial assets, such as discounting, endorsement, sale, etc.
Capital, reflected centrally under accounts receivable, in the first three quarters of 2019, accounts receivable under a unified calibre decreased by 8.58 per cent on the same date and voice rights continued to increase.
On the original assumption, it was assumed that accounts receivable would remain at the average of almost three years, at 25.69 per cent. Then looking at the advance payment - the advance payment - was a prior indicator of income, while reflecting the strength of speech and the product ' s best sales, the share of advance receipts in operating income ranged from about 5 per cent to 20 per cent, based on historical data.
Grigori's sales policy for the distributors' channels of “low-season returns” and “prior payments” has increased the turnover and exit costs of the distributors, while increasing bargaining power, thereby diverting channel funds and channelling stock pressure to channels, while better adjusting stocks and production (balance sales), such as avoiding supply and demand in the middle of the season.
Compared to the white pole, America’s overall trend is consistent with that of gravity. In 2018, as a result of factors such as the pre-period high base and the rainy season of the season, dealers’ incentive to make a deposit weakened.
In 2019, during the de-stocking period, the rate of increase in advance receipts was not yet significant, with the surplus balance of pre-receipts at the end of the third quarter of 2019 indirectly supporting the positive development of channels. Since advance payments were subject to air-conditioning cycles, weather, etc., there was greater volatility, and we maintained the assumption that the ratio of pre-receipts to operating income had remained at an historical average of 7.12 per cent for the first five years, after which it fell.
2) Upstream voice rights - mainly instruments payable, accounts payable, advances - centralized procurement of instruments payable and accounts payable - which enhances their bargaining power to procure upstream, can absorb the funds of upstream raw material enterprises, which account for 40 per cent of the cost, based on historical data
Compared to the three major white power lines, the accounts payable turnover is slower. Exploitation of upstream funds is equivalent to interest-free financial leverage, higher bargaining power up and down, making it unnecessary to borrow to replenish liquidity, and even more than $1 billion in interest income in recent years.
Figure: Comparison of working days in accounts payable (in units of days)
As it is expected that its upstream voice will be maintained, the original assumption — that the proportion of accounts payable as a percentage of costs (deducted payments as a percentage of costs (depreciated amortization) for the first three years will remain at an historical average of 2.2 per cent for five years — is maintained.) Other current liabilities — here, there is also a key subject affecting operating capital, other current liabilities, as a proportion of them.
As a rule, the end-of-year balance of this subject is not too large, because if the dealer's objectives are met, the return will be settled. But starting in 2012, the "Other current liabilities - sales return" line has started to show a trend upwards, and has tended in recent years.
The reason for the increase in the return on sales is that the amount of the return on sale is equal to the amount of the sale on the due date, the amount of the return on payment is equal to the amount of the sale in the prior period and, as domestic sales have gradually expanded, the actual amount paid in each period has been smaller than the amount raised in the current period, resulting in a steady increase in the balance of the return on sales, but a decrease in the amount of the withdrawal.
The balance of future other current liabilities will depend mainly on the difference between the return on sale and the amount paid, with other current liabilities remaining at $62.39 billion at the end of the third quarter of 2019, down by $1,343 million from the end of the previous quarter, the same level as the previous quarter. Here, Merger and Purchase has maintained the original assumption — other current liabilities as a share of income.
4) Inventory-to-fund occupancy - mainly based on the speed of turnover - in the three major white power lines, the power of the stock turnover is faster. The United States Group introduced the t+3 model in 2013, reducing the production and sale cycle, with the increase in the number of days of inventory turnover in 2018 being mainly due to Kuka, since most of the products in the cards are custom-made.
The increase in inventory was due to the increase in the number of working days on the Qingdao Haile inventory, owing mainly to the internal and external consolidation and acquisition of household electrical assets and operations (General Power).
Figure: Comparison of inventory turnover days (in days)
As a result, the finished product was largely at the same level as in the previous period, indicating that the pressure on the air-conditioning stock was low, that the increase in raw materials was expected to be due to the increase in the stock of materials at low prices and the acquisition of new non-ferrous metals from upstream Nanjing.
So, the core data needed to model this case is almost complete, and we're going into specific financial modelling.
Before we do the valuation model, we concentrate on the basics: 1) Compared to Japan, domestic AC holdings are still low, and with the rate of urbanization and the rise in the disposable income levels of the population, the demand space for ACs, driven by a multi-mechanical property, remains well defined, far from the ceiling.
2. Future revenue-driven, mainly air conditioning in the short term, the penetration rate in the air-conditioning sector is still much higher, but overall and progress in diversification. 3) Protecting the river, the first is the channel (city sales company model, tied to the interests of distributors), the second is the integrated layout of the industrial chain, and the third is technology and branding.
5. Risk factors, i.e. changes in online channels and layout in the face of the impact of brands such as Ox; ii. progress in diversified layout; iii) clear “target orientation” of the operation of the case, completion of target stepping lines in 2018, close future, and based on all the above analysis, we enter the critical part of this report — financial model construction,
For example, Yangjiang Power, Haikang View, and Heung Swe Medicines, some of the most important companies in the country have been asked to purchase a prototype and a professional version of the report.
The modeling part of the valuation is as follows: In the case of Yangtze Power, a sample of the balanced balance sheet projections: in the next professional and technical editions of the report, we will address the following elements of the case along these lines.
It's a major problem. Only if you think about it clearly can you see this company thoroughly, form logic, and shut it down. Many people think that by relying on industrial logic analysis alone, they can move across the secondary market -- but, in fact, if the two factors of valuation modelling and financial risk are not understood, there will still be a huge disaster:
1) In the financial modelling process in this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies, and what are the differences between the data zones that we all have, and whether there is any point to think about?
Where are the different factors? If the sensitivity analysis is done, Wacc and the speed of the increase have an impact on the valuation.) This case is one of the most important in the industry chain - how does the choice of different methods differ in the modelling of the valuation in this case? How should all the financial projections be combined to form an valuation?
After the pre-surge and collapse, many people are likely to panic and sleep at night -- so, what is the value of this case, what kind of area is it, is it expensive or cheap?
Because of the details of the public reports, there is a conflict with the payee who will be the recipient of the merger-ordered reports, so that the merger-buyer team will be required to produce the reports, and part of the content will no longer be provided free of charge, and will gradually try to pay the fee for the good product, which is the way to make the world a better place -- the cost that everyone pays.
It will be useful for us to add more investment elites from top universities around the world, as well as for the M&A team to procure deeper industry data from a global perspective, so as to be able to continuously refine and provide you with more productive information.
If you are interested in the [value section] of this case, as well as in more other cases, you can scan the lower 2D code, get details of the valuation modeling of the case, and the financial risks involved. Meanwhile, reports that were previously unpublicable for a number of reasons, as well as significant risk points, will be included.
In addition, many functions not available to the public (including valuation modelling forms for priority companies), such as fee-paying members, historical research on mergers and acquisitions, and related reporting ratings, will be open for downloads.
Specialized editions, scan reading core product two, science and technology concept reports.
2) With regard to content: we are responsible only for financial analysis, industrial research, content research, for reference purposes only, and do not support any form of decision-making basis, nor any form of investment advice. This paper is based on public corporate attributes, organized according to their statutory obligations to disclose publicly to the public information such as financial statements, audits, bulletins, etc., and does not endorse future changes, and any future changes are irrelevant to this paper.
We try to be accurate, but we don't guarantee its completeness, accuracy, timeliness. Market risks, and research needs to be cautious. 3) On theme: Financial modelling reports are huge, covering only some of the priority industries and cases, not all of the cases you need, please understand. 4) On platform: all the content of the elite is exported only by the micro-trust platform, not responsible for any other platform content.
Simulation and abuse platforms, we retain the power of legal recourse.