Xu's research report (000425) is on schedule, and looks forward to the Xu's big picture under the new mechanism.
Xu's brand has a long history of being the national champion of engineering and machinery, Xu's only listed company under Xu's banner, and the final controlling person is Xuzhou State Finance Committee. Xu's team is China's largest, most fully produced, most competitive and influential engineering and machinery industry.
The consortium, which won the fourth place in the world ' s top 50 engineering and machinery firms in 2020, was ranked fourth. According to the national customs export data, in 2019, Xu ' s total export and self-exports, respectively, led the country ' s domestic counterparts, with a double-stable position in the top of the industry; among them, the engineering and machinery section received about $80 billion, and was also ranked first in the country.
With 20 years of high downstream demand, the crane's super-column throne firmly secured, on 6 May, the State General issued an additional $1 trillion in special debt, cumulatively $2.29 trillion this year, with a significant increase in the proportion invested in the capital sector towards the end of May.
Forty-five per cent, about 64 per cent, and about 40 per cent, of the cranes, with technical leadership, product lines, and a strong industrial leader. The change is expected to be completed by the end of the year, and Xu's profits under the new mechanism will be fully flexible.
On May 11, Xu has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Su Minjin and the Su Chamber of Commerce, the next step of which will be to improve the governance of Xu Industries Ltd., the employee holding and job manager hiring programmes, and is expected to be completed by the end of the year. As a result, the limited management and decision-making of Xu will become more marketable and more flexible and efficient.
It is believed that under the new mechanism of the Red Gene Plus Private Sector Mechanism, Xu will achieve the highest annual rate of benefit: asset quality continues to be optimized, the mix plan continues to move forward, the shareholder returns are maximized, and profits continue to grow rapidly. In terms of profitability alone, 2019
Xu's limited net rate of interest is 4.76%, compared to 15.19% for the trio and 9.87% for the Quang Unit during the same period, and Xu's rate of interest is significantly lower than that of his peers. We expect that, with the transformation, Xu's limited efficiency and cost control measures, there will be greater scope for increasing net interest rate levels and greater flexibility in profit release.
If you mix it up, you'll see that good assets such as limited excavators, miners, concrete machines, etc. are expected to accelerate, and that the new mechanism will become more marketable and more responsive to shareholders, taking into account the limited mix-up of the parent company, Xu.
In the future, such high-quality assets as excavators, concrete machines, etc., are expected to be placed on the market, and the Qinyan market has become more competitive: more than expected: more profitable than expected.
Xu is the only listed company under Xu's flag. Xu is the backbone of Xu's operations.
The company’s equity structure is more centralized and relatively stable, and Xu’s company works as a group worker.
Xuzhou State Finance Committee is the company’s ultimate controller. Xu's leader in engineering and machinery in the country is a long-standing and powerful company. Xu's founding in 1989.
After many years of technological deposition and subsequent stages of transformation and transformation, it has grown to be China’s engineering and engineering company, the largest, most varied and influential conglomerate in China’s engineering and machinery industry. Among the top 50 engineering and engineering companies released by the khl group in the United Kingdom in 2020, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Qu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Qu, XI.
From last year's sixth place, the Workers Group jumped to the fourth place, leading Chinese-owned companies in the world. Xu's products have been exported to 158 countries and territories around the world. According to national customs export data, in 2019, Xu's exports and self-exports led by its domestic counterparts to $346 million and $108 million, respectively, leading the two-way journeys.
Since Xu's core assets were listed in 2009, the company has constantly injected high-quality assets such as Xu's construction of roads, Xu's basic engineering machinery, Xu State Pate's control technology, and the Mercedes Bridge. There are currently 66 subsidiaries and affiliates under the company's umbrella.
Trade in and manufacture of the three traditional cranes, shovel machines, road machines and other plates. First, in 2019, the market for mobile cranes was the world’s number one with 1,200-1600 tons of super-ground cranes at 100%: more than 500 tons of tracked domestic market at 45%.
(Upgraded by 10.4 pct from the previous year) to be in the forefront of the industry. (2) Mobilization: New logo for the domestic market for high-end machinery. Currently, the company is positioning the machine; 6 tons of loader sales have increased by 85.6 per cent compared to the previous year; Chongqing base has more than a thousand small loads, and the company is stepping up.
Planning for the development of electric forklifts and small engineering machinery. (3) Department of Road Mechanics: Consuming the world’s largest conservation and mechanical manufacturing base.
Figure 5: Main operational indicators of Xu's machinery 1.2 Re-innovation of key business indicators and gradual recovery of profitability
Since the recovery of the engineering and machinery industry in 2016, the industry has grown at a high rate, with an overall increase in income size, profitability, and asset quality. Companies have followed the trend of industrial warming and continued high-quality operations, with business targets reaching a record high in 2019. In 2019, the company achieved a revenue of 59.18 billion yuan, an increase of 33.25 per cent, and a net return of 36.2 per cent.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 76.98 per cent in the same year. By 2020 q1 was raised by 1.85 billion yuan, a decrease of 4.0 per cent in the same year; and by a return net profit of $610 million, a decrease of -42.0 per cent, mainly due to loss on exchange and an increase in the margin impairment.
Billion dollars, or 32.3% more than the previous year; spare parts for engineering machinery, $13.11 billion, or 22.2% of the same, and heavy machinery, which is a traditional niche business block, is an important profit pool for companies. Heavy machinery, as the company’s core product, has always maintained a high level of profitability.
The ratio has gradually increased from 34% in 15 years to 48% in 19 years. The engineering and shoveling operations have also contributed more profitable up-to-roads. The company’s combined Māori ratio and net Māori ratio in 2019 were 26.8%, a 75% increase compared to the highest Māori rate in the company, as a result of warmer demand and stringent internal cost management.
The downward trend in sales and management costs is evident. Benefiting from the business scale effect, corporate sales costs in 2019 were 1.8 per cent, 1.5 per cent, 1.5 per cent, and significantly lower than in 2017.
At one point, the number of company sales personnel reached 2941, an increase of 7.3 per cent over the same period, and per capita sales recovered from the 2016 accounts receivable turnover rate. Xu was based on a sales model of full payment, mortgage loans, financial leases and instalments.
The ratio of mortgages with high risk, longer repayment cycles, finance lease sales, significant decrease in the number of days of receivables, and the overall risk are manageable. Corporate receivables grew by 44.5 per cent in 2019 compared to the year 2019, with a turnover rate of 2.68 receivables.
The company’s losses in impairments were mostly due to credit impairment losses, and in 2019 the value of assets and credit impairments was innovative. The company’s losses in impairments were mainly due to bad debt losses in credit impairments, while the rest were mainly due to stock in asset impairments.
This represents an increase of 70.4 per cent, of which credit is cut by $300 million, or 93 per cent. In comparison with their counterparts, Xu's industrial machinery, 2. Downstream demand continues, and the crane's super-column is solid.
In January/April of 20 years, the size of the special debt was 1.22 trillion yuan, and in May it is still expected to be more than trillion yuan. This year, the country issued 1.22 trillion yuan in additional special bonds, representing 95 per cent of the previous pre-issuances. The same scale of issuance was 68 per cent higher. On May 6, the General Secretary proposed an additional $1 trillion in special debt, which is heavy this year.
The amount of $2.29 trillion has already been issued, and the size of the additional special-purpose bonds has exceeded the size of the previous year; and there is a demand that the issuance of pre-issued special-purpose debt be pursued everywhere.
Figure 19: Specialized debt is expected to be released in 2020 on a larger scale than last year, with an increase in the proportion of earmarked debt spent on infrastructure projects such as transportation. On April 3, at a press conference by the State Council ' s U.N. Consortium for Control, the Ministry of Finance made it clear that the Government ' s special debt was not used for land storage and premises.
Production-related projects will continue to focus on major infrastructure projects, such as railways, rails, water, etc., as determined by the State Council’s Standing Meeting. In addition, new infrastructure such as 5g networks, data centres, artificial intelligence, fluids, and material networking will be accelerated.
On April 3, at a press conference with the State Department, the Ministry of Finance indicated that it would increase the number of new special-purpose bonds for this year, as appropriate, to comply with the Article.
As at 31 March, the size of the special-purpose debt was about $130 billion, accounting for 12 per cent of the total amount of special-purpose debt issued during the same period.
The proportion is still low. Local governments are under increased fiscal pressure after the epidemic, and the Ministry of Finance has given further approval to increase the proportion of earmarked debt devoted to capital, which we expect to raise in the future, and to effectively leverage more capital projects to quickly land.
The speedier landing of the ppp project is expected to be an important complement to steady growth. After the first two years of rehabilitation, the ppp market has now seen a significant reduction in all types of irregularities, and the quality of the ppp stock and incremental projects has been assured.
Large-scale data is used to build up the stock of projects, accelerate up-front work, actively attract private capital and promote projects with more than 10 new projects in sectors such as agriculture, forestry and water, social services, transport, environmental protection, energy, etc. To date, a total of 7,089 projects have been registered in various locations as part of the national ppp information monitoring service platform, with steady growth.
In the general context of steady investment, the ppp project is expected to accelerate. The cumulative increase in the q1 capital declaration in 2020 was 83% over the same period, and the project reserve is abundant.
The capital declaration rose by 141%, with a total capital declaration of approximately 29 trillion yuan in 2019, an increase of 28% in the same year. In January 2020, the size of the special-purpose debt was innovative and the peak period of the project declaration should be concentrated in March-April. In March, the capital project declaration began to be released, amounting to 828 billion yuan a month, an increase of 331.8%, compared with the previous year.
New heights. The high growth declared in capital projects since 19 years provides a solid basis for capital investment in 2020. On 17 April, the Central Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China stated that it was necessary to actively expand domestic demand, strengthen traditional infrastructure and investment in new infrastructure, actively expand effective investment, promote the upgrading of traditional industries, and expand strategic innovations.
At the same time, the restructuring of the ppp project has been smooth, public participation has increased, and stocks and new projects are expected to accelerate their arrival. We believe that the Ppp+Small Debt financing model will effectively improve the financing of capital projects, and in 2019 it will be possible to improve the financing of the portfolio.
Since then, capital projects have been well stocked and capital investment accelerated in 2020 with a high degree of certainty. 2.2 Capital totem+upgrading, with a projected increase of more than 10 per cent in sales in the heavy machinery industry starting in 2020. According to the IAEM definition, engineering cranes are mainly mobile cranes, including car cranes, tracked.
Truck cranes, vehicle cranes, tire cranes, and all-ground cranes are expected to grow by more than 10% by 2020. The cranes downstream are used for large-scale infrastructure, municipal engineering, and all-ground cranes.
The main industry is heavy industry. From the downstream application of the car crane, about 50% of the capital is used, and nearly 30% is used for heavy industry. This year is the first year of construction and secure housing, although the first quarter has fallen by about 25%, and with the support of the need for renewal, we've judged that with the rate of resumption of construction and real estate projects returning to construction, we've been re-engaging since 2020.
Industry is expected to grow by more than 10 per cent, and figure 27: the cumulative increase in fixed asset investment in the country has recovered from year to year, with a rise in the rate of start-up of 2.2.1 and a natural upswing of the cranes.
As the epidemic subsides, the rate of start-up of equipment clearly rises, indicating a trend of demand downstream. The start-up rate for a vehicle in a given enterprise is a target of 96.2 per cent for a 2-hour start-up rate and 42.7 per cent for a 100-hour start-up rate and an average of 100.6 hours for a return to previous years.
The crane has an average life expectancy of 12 years, and is currently at the peak of natural renewal. The last round of crane sales in the country took place from 2006 to 2011, while the average life of cranes in general was 12 years, so the last round.
We assume that the replacement cycle for cranes will start in 2016. Figure 30: Automobile cranes into a new replacement cycle. Figure 31: Heavy engine industry is expected to peak at the need for renewal from 21 to 23
2.2.2 Environmental policies are tightened, road restrictions are compressed and the process of renewal is accelerated National environmental policies are tightened to accelerate the phase-out and replacement of high-emission old machines. In order to promote environmental protection, a number of policies have been introduced in recent years to introduce stringent emission standards for road and non-road machinery.
Mobile vehicles are required to meet the emission standards for heavy diesel vehicles issued by the Ministry of the Environment. In 2014, the country introduced a "Yellow Volts Out" policy, which calls for the complete phase-out of vehicle cranes produced by the end of 2005. On 1 July 2017, all national V standards were applied for the sale and registration of new heavy diesel engines. In June 2018, the Ministry of the Environment and market supervision were put in place.
The Directorate-General issued a bulletin on the National Pollutant Emission Standard for Heavy Diesel Vehicles Pollutant Emission Limits and Measurement Methods (Phase VI of China), which states that the standards are to be implemented in phases 6a and 6b and will be fully implemented in 2021. According to the 10-year useful life, the implementation of the national VI standard is expected to accelerate the national iiii standard and its application.
As of December 2019, we estimated that there were currently some 273,000 car cranes. Its Chinese iii platoon currently has 118,000 car cranes, or 43% of the market, produced during the standard implementation time:
Stateiv produces 74,000 or 27 per cent vehicle cranes, while stage V produces 81,000 or 30 per cent of the current market holdings. Following the implementation of nationalvi standards, some of the vehicle cranes, especially those under national standards, have been gradually compressed to survive.
The year 2020 was the year of victory and victory over the Blue Sky defense war, and many of them began to accelerate the phase-out of old diesel trucks with three or less emission standards. Although Gvi was introduced after July 2021, the standards for vehicle tailings and annual tests have been raised everywhere, and diesel motor vehicles under the GDR are no longer guaranteed to meet the standards.
The restrictions on motor vehicles under the U.S. standards have been reflected in regional restrictions. Since 2018, more than 20 cities, including Shanghai, Beijing, Tianjin, and Zhengzhou, have imposed restrictions on U.S. standard vehicles. The impact on vehicle cranes requiring frequent access has been significant, with increasing restrictions on cities increasing the number of vehicles in urban areas.
Newly expected to be a catalyst for the sale of new heavy vehicles starting in 2020. 2.3 The pattern of competition is clear, Xu is a leader in the crane industry, the pattern of competition in the crane industry is clearer. Market shares are concentrated.
By April of 19th year, the total market share of cr3 had reached more than 90%. Specifically, the drivers of auto cranes, Xu Yu, Trinity and the Central United Nations have shown a “triple stride”
In the last five years, Xu's share of the market has been pushed to a very low level. For the last five years, Xu's share of domestic sales has been 40-50%, with a steady increase in the share of the trio and the Central and Central ICU, and Xu's share with Xu's is the absolute leader of the crane. In the first four months of 2019, Xu's share of the crane was more than 3,500.
Taiwan, which accounts for 64% of the industry, is an absolute leader, roughly twice as high as the total of the second and three (triple and quartz) cities. After a 15-year slump, the city of cr3 hit the bottom, and as of April 19 it rose to 87%.
Xu's share of the crane market, Xu's mechanics and Trinity's is about 40% equal. Of these, Xu's share in the domestic market was 45% in 2019, with more than 500 tons of track belts hanging, and was the largest in the industry, with 100% of the 100% of the total surface crane market covering 1,200-1600 tons of supertons.
In the first four months, 98 per cent of the market was accounted for.
In comparison with the 2009 and 2018 data, the share of products sold over 60 tons rose from 5.83 per cent to 11.46 per cent, an increase of nearly 6 percentage points, indicating an increase in market demand for large tonnage cranes, with an advantage of standing at around 50 per cent and a market share of over 40 per cent in the large tonnage market.
2.4 Technology R & D and services lead, heavy-fisted products tend to protect deeper waters, and the k&g series is highly market-friendly. The company is the most diversified and full-fledged integrated engineering and machinery provider, and the crane k and g series is the company's star product series.
The first generation of the "k" series, which changed the pattern of competition at the time, helped Mr. Xu to become a leading company in the country's automobile crane industry. The G generation in 2016 was a full series of products developed by Xu in the middle of the industry's low-level subconscious, incorporating 15 core technologies, which were more intelligent, energy efficient and efficient than the "k" series.
With a generation of pilot car cranes out of the air, the g generation, with large data research, managed to put the best performance profile on high-frequency use, while achieving 15 percent fuel savings in reducing equipment consumption, a 15 percent rise in operational energy utilization, and a 40 percent reduction in maintenance costs.
Four-bridge design, with state-of-the-art arm lengths and lift capabilities that fully cover both the country and the country, using state-of-the-art optimisation matching techniques, lifting arm systems, with lifts capable of tonnage products, full-intelligence control, start-up, wider operation, and capacity, industry has always been in the lead.
The promotion moves to a higher speed, to a higher degree, to a higher degree, to a better middle-class product, to a national technology leader, and to a full machine. Looking back at the process of industrial development of the crane, Xu was always at the station.
On the front line, it is a technical leader in industry. In 1963, Xu was successful in developing the country’s first vehicle crane (q51-5 tons): in 1976, the country’s first hydraulic vehicle crane (qy16 tons) was born in Xu, and in 2013 Xu was successful in developing the “global number one” 4,000-ton crane in Saudi Arabia.
In early 2001, in addition to focusing on the development of machine-wide technology, the Department began autonomous design of spare parts based on product performance, setting up research and development centres in Germany, the Netherlands, and the United States of America, to steadily promote their development and production. In 2016, the electric system and hydraulics of the g-generation new product were created.
The core parts of the system, the mobile system, have been designed autonomously. Xu's spare parts have the technical advantages of being common and suitable, and the cost of replacing them is relatively low and more popular among users. The company values R & D inputs and R & D expenditures are stable.
The ratio of R & D expenditure to operating income declined slightly, from a peak value of 5.6% in 2017 to 4.2%, compared with the comparable public division of tri-occupational, middle- and hydrological equivalents, where most R & D inputs were cost-effective, with a lower rate of capitalization, 13.4% in 19.4%.
Figure 39: Corporate R & D investments have increased worldwide coverage of service delivery systems. More than 2,500 service networks are distributed throughout the country, covering all cities and villages in the country. Spare parts are worth nearly $300 million and 70,000 items of spare parts, covering a full series of cranes.
There are more than 3,000 service packages in support of the rest of the maintenance stations. A worldwide network of services in 174 countries has a reputation as a reserve service engineer. In 2019, Xu was able to launch a “126” service brand value commitment, updating the service standards of the entire world crane market.
Full-distributor in-house service functions to provide users with full-life monitoring and maintenance services. To date, 34 high-quality staffed service providers and 18 service distributors operating in-pack services have been established.
For example, the qy25k-l crane, a fistwork product, is now 900,000, with an average of 12 years of service and an average of 225,000 yuan for both mobile phones and a residual rate of 25%.
In the new era, under the umbrella of the Xu Industries Group, which was founded in 1943, the Lunan 8th Army factory was officially inaugurated in 1989.
Founded and placed on the market in 1996, became the first company in the industry to collect and sell more than 10 billion dollars in 2003, and in 2009 the Xu Industries Group injected its core assets into the public company. In 2012, the merger into the global concrete lead company Schwiing, Germany, led to a qualitative leap in the group’s concrete machinery and machinery, which broke out by $100 billion.
Xu is the platform for the consolidation of engineering machinery assets under the Xu team. Most of Xu's machinery is currently under Xu's limited flag, and concrete machinery remains directly with Xu's group.
Xu's limited ownership of Xu's property was the subject of a reform of Xu's mixed ownership system. Prior to the change, Xu's plans were to transfer all engineering and mechanical assets under the flag to Xu's limited scope and to assign modern buildings, car plates, finance leases to Xu's group. In accordance with the principle of emphasis of ownership, Xu's limited focus was on engineering machinery and core parts.
In 2019, Xu's piece of engineering machinery generated about 80 billion yuan, the country's highest income. The sum of Xu's engineering and machinery products in listed companies was 59,176 million yuan, and the amount of in vitro products was 27,328 million yuan.
The total revenue from engineering and machinery products is about 80 billion yuan, more than 75.7 billion won in three heavy jobs, and is the country’s largest in volume. 3.2 The mix is expected to be completed by the end of the year, with Xu’s profits released by the new mechanism, Xu’s limited mix of improvements into the launch phase, and Xu’s work is expected to be completed by the end of the year.
On July 25, 2019, Xu Xu was approved and approved by the State Finance Committee of Xuzhou. On April 7, 2020, Xu Xu has completed the audit and evaluation of the limited mixed ownership reform, and the results of the assessment were completed by Xuzhou City National Finance Committee in May.
The next step will be to improve the governance of Xu Industries Ltd., the hiring programme for staff holding shares and career managers. After this process, Xu's limited share of Xu is no less than 34%.
A new board of directors will be in place by the end of the year, a new board of directors will be put in place, business will be completed, company charter changes will be completed, and the transformation will bring new institutional dynamism to Xu. After the transformation, Xu will have a major institutional change; first, at the managerial level, the re-election of management and new management through market-based re-election; and, second, at the decision-making level, the future.
Third, in terms of incentives, the scheme will be gradually implemented, the scheme will be implemented, the profit-sharing scheme, the market-based remuneration mechanism for career managers will be implemented, and the remuneration and contribution of technicians and management will be linked.
This time, the central and provincial councils have attached great importance to this process, which has been very intense, and Xu's institutional changes are expected to give Xu a stronger life. Compared to his peers, Xu's limited profitability has greater scope for improvement and has a more resilient performance.
Under the new mechanism “Red Gene Plus Private Sector Mechanism”, Xu's limited strength is expected to maximize benefits, maximize shareholder returns and sustain rapid growth in profits: Xu's limited Māori rate was 24.51 per cent in 2019, with a net interest rate of 4.76 per cent, compared with the Māori rate and net interest rate for three heavy workers in the same period, in terms of profitability alone
Let's assume that after the mix, Xu's limited efficiency gains, cost controls, and so on, net interest rate levels are expected to increase significantly and there is room for flexibility to double performance. Figure 49: Xu's limited Māori level has much room for improvement.
Figure 50: There is scope for a greater increase in the limited net interest rate level of Xu, Figure 51: Xu's limited collection lead industry, Figure 52: Xu's limited net profit level has greater scope for an increase
Figure 53: There is greater scope for raising Xu's limited roe level. Figure 54: Xu's limited roic level has greater scope for upgrading. Figure 55: Xu's limited total asset turnover still has room for improvement.
Figure 56: There is still room to increase the turnover of Xu's limited accounts receivable. 3.3 Xu's limited engineering and mechanical assets are expected to be marketed as a whole.
In operations such as equipment, there are still high-quality assets such as excavators, mining machines, tower cranes, concrete machines, etc. that have not been injected into the public company. It is expected that when the mix is completed, several excellent assets will be injected into the public company, thereby achieving the engineering and mechanical cost of 3.3.1 Xu's excavator: the city is only three times higher and the profitability is expected to increase significantly.
The Ministry of Xu's Digging and Mechanics, which is one of the cores of Xu's group, has a joint venture with the international brand name excavator, which covers two major industries, namely, the main machines and track chassis components, and is used mainly for geo-stone and mine construction projects. The product model has covered 1.5 tons of the maximum 700 tons of hydraulic excavators in China.
Of these, 700 tons of hydraulic excavators are the largest hydraulic excavators in China, and 360 tons of mine excavators are the largest teleports in China. Its excavator has become a powerful competitor of internationally renowned brands, gaining increasing visibility in the global market.
Xu's share in the excavator market has risen significantly in recent years. From January to April 2020, Xu's volume of excavators was about 19,000, an increase of 36.2% over the same period, which is much higher than all other brands in the industry. Xu's market share in excavators rose significantly in the reverse, with a market share of about 17% in January to April 2020, an increase of 2.76 ptt from 2019.
In 2019, Xu's diggers collected 13.79 billion yuan, an increase of 29.1% over the previous two years, exceeding 10 billion dollars. In April of this year, Xu's excavator department decided to raise the price of the excavators by 5-10%, mainly due to the epidemic.
As the demand for Xu excavators rises downstream, it is expected that more than $20 billion will be generated this year, and the profitability of future excavators is expected to be released significantly. The main reason why Xu excavators have not been profitable in previous years is to consolidate the market and expand market ownership, thus allowing for rapid growth in size and output.
The company, through its channels and the continuous strengthening of the supply chain system over the years, has now formed a strategic coalition system, and the support company's diggers continue to grow in size and city power. From the product structure, Xu's small- and medium-sized digs are relatively large, and now the company's large-scale excavations are very well developed.
In addition, the company will rapidly enhance the competitiveness of the excavator product at the 25-40-ton level and increase the city’s share. Moreover, as Xu becomes more involved, new ideas and mechanisms will allow Xu to optimize cost controls in various areas, such as upgrading the self-control of core parts.
We believe that in the future, the profitability of the excavator's assets is expected to be released significantly through the optimization of the product structure of the Xu's excavator, rapid growth in size, and good cost control under the new concept of mixing. 3.3.2 Concrete machinery: working with Schwiing to open up concrete machinery.
Xu's Xu's Swi Yin Mechanics Ltd. is one of the core companies of Xu's company, a joint venture owned by the China-German joint venture and 75% of Xu's group. In 2012, Xu acquired the second largest German concrete pump manufacturer, Xu's company, invested in Xu's machinery and set up Xu's Xu's Xwi'ing, and introduced the German concrete machine package.
The rapid growth of the concrete and machinery industry in China in three years has been the most dynamic and competitive. Xu Kuo-Shu Viking’s package of equipment to cover concrete machinery and its upstream and downstream construction machinery, which began in late 2015 and was driven by downstream demand, has also recovered from the company’s sales of concrete machinery.
Xu's V7 series pump and blender is a star product of Xu's concrete machine. It absorbs German Schwiing technology, and has gained wide domestic recognition since its launch. In particular, Xu's Xu's Xu's Xu's Xu's Xu's Xu's Xu's Xu's Xu's Xu's Xu's Xu's Xu's Qu's Xu's Xu's Xu's Qu's Xu's Qu's Xu's Qu's Qu's Xu's Xu's Qu's Qu's Qu's Qu's Qu's Qu's Qu's Qu's 62's is a 40% market for Qu's of Qu's Qu' 4's 60's.
Top: Out of the 60-metre product of 4-bridge, Xu's 62-metre pump market is over 90%. For example, Xu's 62-metre concrete pumper. Xu's 62-metre pump has passed a field test of 3 years of 260,000-square-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0.
Major construction projects. Xu's V7 series of 62-metre pump vehicles, which are technologically special and light in weight, have the advantage of having a small turn radius, long armbands, easy access, and fewer shifts, and are very popular with construction sites. Since the recovery of our engineering and machinery industry in the second half of 2016, the sales of major products, such as cranes, have been unprecedented.
New heights. We believe that this round of recovery is a compound of a combination of newer demand and other factors, significantly different from the large weekly periods that were previously stimuli, and therefore more resilient to demand. Against a background of steady growth, capital investment this year is expected to increase continuously, housing investment is more resilient, and the demand for engineering machinery will remain strong.
As far as valuation levels are concerned, the pb level of Xu's machinery has been below the level of three heavy jobs for the last three years, which we believe is mainly due to the fact that Xu's machine is well below the level of trio. When the future parent company Xu's limited mix is completed, the new mechanism's parent company will focus more on shareholder returns, both in terms of profitability and efficiency of the company's operations.
In the future, we believe that, with the company’s roe level rising, the company’s valuation is expected to rise to a higher level than the three-pronged workforce. A “buy-in” rating is given.
Maximizes and is expected to increase profitability significantly, and future high-quality assets, such as excavators, concrete machines, are expected to be injected, with less than expected improvements (2) and (4) recurrent overseas epidemics.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.