The crane's lead business is moving steadily, and good assets are expected to be injected into Xu Engineering Machinery (000425.sz) to improve profitability.
• The engineering and machinery industry has moved up, with a significant increase in the lead-run business collection/performance, covering, for the first time, the progressive landing of old and new infrastructure and stimulating new demand; environmental policy has become more stringent and demand for upgrading; and high-quality excavator assets are expected to be injected into Xu's machinery to optimize the company's product structure and raise the company's profitability.
In 2016, the engineering and machinery industry entered the upward cycle with a significant recovery in net profits from corporate collections and homecomings. The market share was valued at less than the average valuation level of a comparable listed company, taking into account that the company, as a leading company in engineering machinery, had mixed expectations, was covered for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating.
• Quality assets are expected to be injected into the parent company to boost its profitability and raise its valuation level The market share of the first unlisted large-income excavator business under the parent company continued to expand and brand competitiveness continued to rise. Xu’s business income in 2019 amounted to 13,793 million yuan, an increase of 29.09 per cent.
The market share of Xu's excavator has risen to 17% in the first quarter. With a promising injection of high-quality mechanical assets from a post-mother company, the company's overall profitability and valuation levels will increase further.
1) Politically, the year 2020 is a year in which political requirements, such as a general improvement and a doubling of gdp compared to 2010; 2) Economicly, the country's investment in fixed assets is accelerating and old and new infrastructure is falling; 3) Policy is to accelerate the phase-out of equipment below the “Tour” emission standards and to implement the “N6” emission standards.
The company’s future performance income is expected to grow steadily as a result of the high demand for renewals.1 The crane’s flagship business, which has changed to open a new chapter in governance, is China’s engineering and machinery industry, Xu’s Engineering and Mechanics Inc. (hereinafter Xu’s).
Founded in 1993 by Xuzhou Engineering and Machinery Group Ltd. and listed in 1996a. Today, the top three companies in the country's main engineering and machinery industry have developed their products to include heavy machinery, earth-lifting machinery, compact machinery, road machinery, concrete machinery, fire-fighting machinery, and others.
Process machinery, including cranes, rollers, and asphalt concrete stallers, are among the first to occupy the domestic market. At the same time, companies are actively pursuing a global strategy to operate as one of the largest exporters of engineering machinery in the country, with the first share of the export market for many products, such as auto cranes, rollers, flat-ground machines, etc.
Figure 1: Quality operations such as the limited ownership of excavators by company-owned shareholders Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi July 25, 2019
The pilot implementation programme for the reform of the limited mixed ownership system was approved by the State Finance Committee of Xuzhou City, and the mix-up process is gradually entering its substantive phase. The announcement announced in early April 2020 that the controlling shareholder, Xu Yu, had completed the audit evaluation and that the next step would be to actively engage in the introduction of strategic investors and further improve Xu ' s governance and staff management.
The change in the parent company affects the Xu Engineering Machine in two ways: 1) At the management level, it stimulates the business dynamic and accelerates the transformation of the market.
In the case of Xu, it is proposed to introduce strategic investors through stock transfers and replenishments. Of these, the shares transferred represent about 17% of Xu's total equity, the shares of the Replenishment are limited, and the total share value of Xu's share will not be higher than 49%.
Xu Xu's limited share ratio is not less than 34%. After the fielding, the company introduced its employee-stocking scheme, further perfecting its corporate governance structure. The market is expected to be high for mixed enterprises, and the strategic investment introduced by Xu Xu's limited mix is expected to create industrial synergies with the company; the parent company has mixed management shares and corporate management incentives.
The mechanism will be more flexible, unleashing business dynamism and increasing per capita income generation; flexible distributor incentives are expected to bring about synergies between product competitiveness and channel capacity. 2) At the operational level, a blended group ' s unlisted assets are expected to accelerate the securitization process and enhance corporate profitability.
Xu's operations include cranes, shoveling machines, crushing machines, surface machinery, stump machinery, fire-fighting machinery, sanitation machinery. Xu's parent company, Xu's limited flag, has excavators, heavy cards, engines, financial leasing, construction machinery and related parts, and Xu's flag is mixed.
Concrete machinery, insurance, and related components. Unlisted high-quality engineering assets include, inter alia, concrete machinery, excavators, tower hangers.
Up to 13.793 billion yuan, an increase of 29.09 per cent over the same period, a market share of 14.1 per cent, a Maori rate of 30.91 per cent, and a country ' s second-largest dredgers mainframe; the share of the excavator market rose to 17 per cent in the first quarter of 2020.
With the benefits of the warming of engineering and mechanical plates, the net profit from Xu's collection and repatriation has recovered significantly since 2016. In 2019, the company earned 59,176 million yuan, an increase of 33.3 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net profit of 11,207 million yuan to the mother.
In the event of an epidemic, the net profit from the 2020 q1 company has declined in varying degrees, depending on the company’s growth throughout the year 2020.
The company’s annual net profits are expected to continue to grow steadily. The company’s share in the market of the company’s main product is ahead, and the brand has a strong influence. In 2019, the company’s Māori rate was 17.5%.
The share of the company ' s main business, heavy/engineer spare parts/sculptures/pumpers/pumpers, was the first in the industry for many years, with sales patterns for the sale of scheduled products remaining above 90 per cent; the share of the engineering spare parts business has been increasing in recent years, mainly from the parent company, Xu ' s Group, and its subsidiaries.
Rapidly expanded and significantly increased demand for spare parts for concrete machinery and excavator operations, which have increased operational synergies with the parent company; the main product of shoveling machinery is a loader, with a large number of plant producers in the loader industry, with low market concentration, with a 13.48 per cent market share for company loaders and a 97.74 per cent sales rate in the top three industries;
In late 2019, we added a large new product order, and we expect a marked decline in corporate overall cost rates in 2020. Among these, the most significant declines in management costs were in new infrastructure, environmental policies were tightened, demand for renewals was strong, and workers were stimulated.
The growth in the country's fixed assets has driven the demand for engineering machinery to rise, and the engineering machinery industry has a cyclical nature.
The Billion Plan stimulates accelerated real estate/capital investment, leading to a sharp increase in equipment sales. In 2009, capital construction grew by 42.18 per cent and real estate by 33.63 per cent in 2010, while engineering and mechanical equipment reached high sales demand in 2010 - 2011 for mining and equipment upgrading, and the engineering and machinery industry as a whole began to warm back to a new round in 2016.
Figure 9: In the latest round of engineering machinery, figure 10: The growth in capital investment is stable. The growth in demand for engineering machinery will be driven by the growth of old capital.
At the international level, a steady growth policy will be evident, with the parallel momentum of traditional and new capital projects to be maintained in 2020. As of 8 March 2020, 20 provinces and cities that have announced their planned investments had over 44 trillion yuan in new and old capital investment plans.
It's what people often call “iron public foundations”, “new infrastructure” is the seven main areas of 5g-based station construction, super-high pressure, inter-city high-speed railways and urban orbital traffic, new-energy car chargers, big data centres, artificial intelligence, industrial Internet, etc.
Key to supporting medium- and long-term growth in the market. For example, iron towers in ultra-high pressure projects require 100 tons, or more, of high-tonne car cranes, but 80 per cent of the product tonnage in the domestic car crane market is below 80 tons, with less than 1 per cent of the product sales being over 100 tons; and new energy sources in small-scale engineering in cities.
The need for small micro excavators, sliders and small excavators, etc., will also increase significantly, but the domestic market share of emblem excavators and small excavators is only 45 per cent, of which only 4 per cent are micro excavators, a significant difference from 60 per cent in developed countries.
3.2. Environmental policy is becoming more stringent, and the need to upgrade engineering and mechanical equipment is expected to accelerate. In order to promote green economic development, the national environmental policy is becoming more stringent, leading to accelerated phase-out of the “3rd Nations” standard and below.
Consumption is 15% lower than in 2015, and total energy consumption is kept within 5 billion tons of standard coal. On 1 July 2013, the national standard 4 was applied, the national standard 5 was applied on 1 July 2017, and on 22 June 2018, the Ministry of Environment Protection and the General Directorate of State Quality Control issued a report on emission limits and measurement methods for pollutants from heavy diesel vehicles (China's sixth order).
In addition, in recent years, the policy on yellow bid cars has gradually become more stringent everywhere, with the implementation of the “country six” standard beginning with the planned accelerated phase-out of equipment below the “country three” emission standards.
The cranes, unlike the excavators, are road-mobile machines, more stringent environmental policies, and more thorough disposal of equipment. Car cranes account for about 70% of the total load-lift sales, and can better reflect the start of the project.
Ten thousand, in 2013h2-2019, the country’s four-to-one-country five-car cranes accumulated 1303,000, which are now available for sale as “country five” and above, but about half of the stock of equipment is a “country three” emission standard. The need for equipment replacement is expected to accelerate further in the future as local policies towards the country’s three-cars are tightened.
We assume that the life of the car crane is about 10 years, and that the need for renewal is expected to be high in 2020. The last round of the car crane sales has been growing rapidly since 2009, and we assume that the equipment sold in year t has been growing since 2016, and that the entire crane industry is expected to be driven by the need for renewal in 2020.
Sales are expected to continue to grow.4 Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendation 1) Heavy Machines: Increased use of cranes, high demand for renewals in 2020, increased concentration of industries, and increased demand for new technologies.
The company ' s branding of heavy lifting machines has continued to grow. 2) Engineering machinery spare parts: in recent years, the parent company, Xu Engineering Group, and its subsidiaries, have developed their business rapidly, there has been a significant increase in the demand for spare parts for machinery and excavator operations, and the supply of engineering spare parts has continued to increase.
The Māori rate is unlikely to rise in the parent company. 3) Mechanics: Given the large number of new product orders at the end of 2019 and the close end of the Māori II mobile phone processing, Māori rates are expected to return to normal levels in the future.
The valuation level, taking into account the company ' s role as a leading engineer, continued to increase its market share, covering for the first time, with less than anticipated increases in investment in real estate infrastructure; uncertainty in the process of conversion; and increased price wars in the industry.