The High-end Equipment Manufacturing and New Materials Research Center, "New Xu" expects three things: mix, excavator, market expectations for "New Xu": (1) mix, (2) excavator, (3) increase in profitability.
The main differences between “old Xu workers” as compared to highly competitive counterparts in the industry are: (1) differences in machine systems; (2) differences in product structure; and (3) differences in profitability. Market expectations: changes from “old Xu workers” to “new Xu workers” by control.
The mix of shareholders stimulates the dynamism of listed companies and sets the institutional foundation. (2) Excavator: expects the company's engineering and mechanical assets, such as excavators, to be listed as a whole; excavator, as the “King of Engineering Machinery”, has now become the largest piece of engineering machinery under the Xu Gang flag, and if injected, it is likely to boost the profitability of listed companies.
(iii) Profitability: looking for company dynamism, expectation that heavy-weight machines, excavators, etc., will not lead to a significant increase in profitability, a significant increase in the share of red money, and a greater value for shareholders in listed companies.
According to the announcement, the controlling shareholder, Xu Xuan, intends to introduce strategic investors to further improve corporate governance, employee ownership, etc. If the mix is completed, the company will become a mixed ownership public enterprise.
Excavators: looking forward to the overall listing of engineering and mechanical assets such as excavators, improving the product structure of listed companies under the flag of the parent company: excavators, miners, towers, concrete machines are not yet on the market.
In March 2020, Xu's sales of excavators were the second highest in the country, with a 35% increase in the same year; the city's share was 17%, an increase of nearly 3 percentage points in the same year.
The net interest rate, roe, etc., is currently significantly lower than the trio, and there is scope for a greater increase in the profitability of the UCHC, as detailed in the comparative study in Chapter III of the main text.
Keeps a “buy-in” rating. Engineering and mechanical assets, such as future excavators, are on the market as a whole, measuring future “new Xu” revenues as a whole, and the market value is expected to gradually approach $100 billion (without taking into account the corresponding costs).
Three major products of engineering machinery are expected to increase their sales by more than 10% in 2020, and by more than 20% in dragon companies such as Xu-Dou. The auto crane industry is expected to grow by more than 10% in 2020 from the old Xu to the new Xu. We expect the old Xu to be inspired by a mix of shareholders.
(a) The dynamism of listed companies: through the overall listing of engineering and mechanical assets, such as group excavators, improvements in the structure of listed companies' output will eventually lead to a significant increase in profitability, a substantial increase in the red scale, the creation of value for shareholders, and the transformation of the body into a “new Xu workers”.
The market has a relatively low interest in the company; we believe that in 2019, the new Xu's engineering and machinery block earned more than three and a half jobs, ranked first in China in the engineering and machinery industry, and that the future Xu Xu's profitability is expected to increase, and that income and market value are expected to gradually approach 100 billion yuan.
Assets are also: excavators, miners, towers, concrete machines: these assets are not yet on the market. If they are added to the listed company, “New Suh-Tu” — Xu Engineering Mechanic plate (2019 revenue = current listed company $59.2 billion + excavator over $16 billion + miner, tower machine,
In 2019, concrete machinery earned more than three and a half jobs (75.7 billion yuan) and was in China’s top position in the economy. With the growth of the industry and the increase in corporate and municipal power in the coming years, the overall income of the “new Xu” after the overall listing of the engineering and machinery blocks is expected to rise to $100 billion.
Markets have a relatively low level of recognition of corporate profitability; we believe that the company's earlier profitability is relatively low and has the potential to increase it considerably in the future. By blending shareholders, promoting institutional reforms and improving corporate governance, employee ownership, and the way in which incentives are applied, it is expected that the company will become dynamic and institutionally “new”
There is room for improvement in the Māori rate in existing operations, such as squid machines, spare parts, etc. The market’s impression that Xu is still in the “old state business”: we believe that companies compete as purely market-based companies.
High-quality state firms in the environment have strong market competitiveness and have some comparative advantages over highly competitive counterparts. Companies have a comparative advantage in areas such as procurement, military procurement, “ave-a-way” and so forth.
The market for Xu's excavator has been on the rise for almost five years, and one side of the company shows that if engineering and mechanical plates, such as future excavators, are on the market as a whole, we're predicting an increase in the market value of more than $30 billion, and the market value of Xu Xu's as a whole is expected to be close to $100 billion (without taking into account the corresponding costs).
Macro-policies such as land conversion, infusion of assets such as excavators, higher expectations of company performance, lower interest rates, and higher expectations of capital investment in real estate. There are risks of lower than expected investment in real estate infrastructure, exchange loss risks, and higher expectations of the epidemic’s development.
The market has three major expectations for Xu workers: (1) mixers (2) excavators (3) increase profitability, and the main differences are in (1) institutional differences, and (2) product structural differences: (3) profitability differences.
(1) Merger: Mobilization of listed companies through a mix of shareholders. (2) Excavator: Expecting the entire listing of engineering and mechanical assets such as the Group Excavator: Excavator as the “King of Engineering and Mechanics” has now become the largest piece of engineering machinery under Xu's flag, if injected
(iii) Profitability: looking to the company to be dynamic, looking forward to a substantial increase in future profitability in such operations as cranes, excavators, etc., and a significant increase in the red share to create value for the shareholders of listed companies.
The company announced in early April 2020 that a limited number of shareholders had completed their audit and evaluation work.
The introduction of strategic investors will be actively pursued to further improve the governance of Xu Industries Ltd., the employee holding and the hiring of career managers.
Xu's proposed introduction of strategic investors through stock transfers and replenishments. Of this, stock transfers give shares about 17% of Xu's total equity after Xu's limited mix, and the Replenishment shares make up Xu's limited mix.
After the completion of the reform of Xu's limited mixed ownership system, Xu's limited share ratio was no less than Xu's limited share ratio Xu's limited ownership of 38% of the listed company's shares and the lowest number of Xu's limited shares under Xu's limited ownership.
The proportion calculated is no less than 12.92% of companies held indirectly by the Xuzhou City State Finance Committee. Xu is expected to move towards trio, central ICU, and may not be closer to the central ICU (mixed ownership, public enterprise) if the transformation is completed.
Excavators: looking forward to the overall listing of engineering and mechanical assets such as excavators, improving the product structure of listed companies
The group ' s engineering and mechanical plates (income in 2019 = currently listed companies 59.2 billion yuan plus excavators exceeding 16 billion yuan + miners, towers, concrete machines) earned more than 3 1 billion workers (75.7 billion yuan) in 2019 and ranked first in China in terms of their income.
In 2019, Xu's assets at the level of non-listed companies featured prominently. 1) Excavator Channels were built and sold over 35,000, representing an increase of 41.1 per cent and 40 tons, representing an increase of 69 per cent in sales of excavators on the same basis.
2) The towers have stabilized at the top of the country, with revenues exceeding $3 billion and exports increasing by 40 per cent over the same period. 3) The sales of concrete machinery have reached a scale of 10 billion. 4) Miners are in the top five of the world’s open-air mining facilities.
The company's annual report reveals that in 2018, more than $10 billion was collected by the excavator, and based on sales by the company in 2019, reference is made to the data of the heavy worker's excavator in 2019 (US$ 27.6 billion, more than 60,000, Māori rate of 38.6 per cent, net interest rate of about 18 per cent).
According to the Institute, in March 2020, Xu was ranked second in the country in the sale of 8403 excavators, with a 35 per cent increase in the same year, a 17 per cent increase in the city and a 2.9 per cent increase in the same year.3
The company ' s Māori rate, net interest rate, roe, etc. have a lot of room for improvement, as detailed in chapter III of the main text. Second, Xu's excavator: the city is second in number, close to 31, will significantly increase profitability 1. The excavator industry: the sales of excavators are expected to increase by more than 10 per cent in 2020, and the flagship business is expected to increase by more than 20 per cent.
In the second quarter, the engineering and mechanical plates are expected to be fully active, with an increase of more than 10% in the annual sales of excavators. Small digs are used for a wide range of purposes and are less affected by the epidemic, and the downstream applications take the lead in re-engineering needs first released, while the central and large digs are used mainly for large projects such as real estate, mines, etc., in mid-March.
Recommenced in the second half of the year, with a lag in demand, and accelerated recommenced real estate in the second quarter, adding up some of the requirements, and given the low rate of growth in the second quarter of 2019, it is expected that the excavator will be fully re-established in the second quarter of the year, with an environmental policy or delay.
With the impact of the epidemic, the Ministry of Eco-Environment is considering the appropriate delay in the implementation of the national standards for six platoons, the fourth phase of the non-road mobile machinery in the engineering and machinery industry, and the delay in the implementation or realization of the standards. But as the four standards of the country land, the excavator before country two will be in the future.
▪ While exports from the excavator industry have declined at an increasing rate in March, the ratio of exports from excavators is still low, mainly in countries and regions along the way.
Limited, exports are expected to grow at a flat annual rate compared to last year’s. Domestically, benefiting from countercyclical regulation of capital investment, as well as the certainty of renewed demand, it is expected that, overall, the combined domestic and foreign sales of excavators will increase by more than 10% throughout the year.
Given the increased concentration of the industry, and the continuing competitive advantages of leading firms like Trio, Xu, etc., we expect the boomerang to grow by more than 20%. Domestic demand drives the builder up by 12% in March, as expected in the supermarket.
A total of 49,000 excavators were sold in March 2020, an increase of 5130 in the same year, an increase of 11.6% in the same year, and a significant increase in domestic demand, with large supermarkets expected.
The meeting of the Political Bureau, which proposed that “the impact of the epidemic should be hit with greater macro-policy strength”, identified a special national debt investment that could include public health infrastructure. The meeting also made clear that “rate cuts” would be expected to further ease monetary policy. The meeting of the Political Bureau proposed an explicit “enhanced transmission” of investment.
In contrast to the previous emphasis on new infrastructure, the meeting singled out traditional infrastructure as showing that traditional infrastructure is now a key focus in the management of the past week’s past.
▪ The decline in fixed-assets investment was reduced in March, and infrastructure and real estate warming were evident. Between January and March 2020, the country-wide fixed-assets investment (excluding farm households) was 8414.5 billion yuan, a decline of 16.1% over the same period, a decline of 1-2% over the global spread of the epidemic, and infrastructure, as a net domestic demand sector, will be the focus of policy momentum.
The recent expansion of domestic fiscal and monetary policies, the acceleration of social integration and the acceleration of capital construction are already very much in line with the announcement by the People's Bank that “at the end of March, the balance of medium- and long-term loans in the infrastructure sector was 22,96 trillion yuan, representing a 10.5 per cent increase in the same year”, and consideration is being given to the third special instalment of debt and special national debt.
Well, the pace of capital investment in the second quarter is likely to rebound significantly. The focus in the future is expected to be on poverty reduction-related investments: high-speed railway construction in the central and western regions; and inter-city transport (railways, roads, airports) to promote regional development strategies in recent years, such as Kyoto.
(ii) Real estate policy advice from the city, stable throughout the year: in March, there was a decline in national real estate investment compared to the previous year.
The new local regulatory policy has focused more on policy advice, flexibility, and support for the steady development of the industry throughout the year. Special-purpose debt funds have gone beyond 75% in the capital sector, and the demand for engineering and machinery is expected to continue.
Debt plays a key role in stabilizing capital investment and further stabilizing the economy. In January-March, cumulative local bonds of $161.05 billion were issued, with new bonds of $152.4 billion, or 83.5 per cent, of the amount issued in advance, including general bonds of $45.95 billion, which were paid in advance.
82.3 per cent; special-purpose bonds of $10.02.9 billion, or 83.9 per cent of the amount paid in advance; the State Council's Standing Meeting in September 2019 called for an increase in the share of special-purpose debt to the capital sector. As of 9 April 2020, the share of special-purpose debt collection funds to the capital sector had reached 75.2 per cent.
Transport, urban, rural, and park construction remains the most important investment in infrastructure, followed by eco-environment, where reits are expected to generate trillion yuan in capital investment, further prolonging the landscape of the engineering and machinery industry.
Recently, the CVM and CSD jointly issued the Circular on the Promotion of Work Related to the Real Estate Investment Trust Fund (REITs) Pilots in the Infrastructure Area, while the CVM also issued the Guidance for Public Collection of Infrastructure Portfolio Investment Funds (Practical Draft).
Reits can effectively build up the stock of assets and create a virtuous investment cycle. Infrastructure reits increase the access to social finance for infrastructure and ease local debt pressures.
To reach a million-billion scale, based on asset securitization rates, the size of the future infrastructure reits market, or a trillion yuan scale, to further extend the landscape of the engineering and machinery industry. In China’s competitive market for excavators, the Xu Group grew up in 2018 over Caterpillar.
In 2016-2019, the share of Xu's excavator increased from 7.5% to 8403 in March 2020, a significant increase of 35% over the same period.
▪ According to the company ' s 2019 report, in 2019, the company sold 35,000 excavators, an increase of 41.1 per cent over the same year; of these, sales of excavators of more than 40 tons increased by 69 per cent on the same date: the dredging channels were built with a greater capacity, and the supply chain capacity was improved across the board.
According to Xu's limited bond rating report, during the first half of 2019, Xu's limited excavator collected $8.6 billion, the Māori sales structure improved, and the self-financing of spare parts increased and there was greater scope for future profitability.
The sales volume of 61,000 was 29 per cent higher in the same year, with the city ' s share rising to 25.8 per cent and 2.8 per cent higher in the same year, with the city ' s share rising to 25.9 per cent in March 2020, and the three-pronged excavator ' s Māori ratio in 2019.
1. Equity structure: a reduced share of State capital, sound incentives to invigorate the company
In terms of equity incentives, the top-level incentives for three-timers are adequate. According to the 2019 report, the top-level shareholding rate for three-timers is 4.6%, far higher than for other mainframes.
Benefit-sharing medium- and long-term incentives have a significant impact on the binding of groups such as senior managers, scientists and technical cadres, stimulating the dynamism of staff and laying the foundations for long-term growth.2 Profitability: corporate Māori rates, net interest rates, roe, etc.
Xu's year-round performance in 2019 was largely in line with expectations, with companies achieving revenue of 59,176 million yuan in 2019, an increase of 33.25 per cent in comparison with the year, a net profit of 3,621 million yuan in return for the mother, an increase of 76.98 per cent in comparison with the year, delayed demand for engineering and machinery products, and business sales were affected.
The company achieved business income of 13.8 billion yuan, a 4 per cent decline in the same year; the net return to mothers of 610 million yuan, a significant increase in both the Māori and net interest rates of the same workers and the Central and Central United Kingdom Sections, a slight change in cost and a limited increase in profitability as a result of the small changes in capacity and size of the staff.
In terms of product structure, the largest operation of the trio is to excavate machinery and have a better product structure. In the future, if assets such as excavators are put on the market as a whole, they will raise overall profitability from the point of view of product structure.
See, Xu's Māori rate for spare parts for engineering machinery is maintained at 8-10%, which clearly reduces the overall Māori rate for companies. This is mainly due to the provision of spare parts for the subsidiaries of the parent group (Su's company and its subsidiary, Xu's limited), such as Xu's excavator, Xu's Schwi Ying, etc.
The annual Māori rate continued to decline, dropping to 19.7 per cent in 2019, and with the subsequent clean-up of second-hand equipment, the figure 20: The combined Māori rate for the Xu Engineering Mechanics spare parts business was delayed  The cost during Xu's life, with the combined cost of sales, management, R & D and finance in 2019 being lower than in the previous year
The first quarter of 2020 saw a decrease of $440 million in net profits from the first quarter of the year compared to the same period in the previous year, mainly due to non-recurrent losses. Financial costs increased significantly, mainly due to the impact of the new global crown epidemic, and exchange rate fluctuations were higher in emerging countries.
Foreign exchange gains and losses resulted in an increase in financial costs of 323 million. Second, there was a significant increase in the impairment of credit assets, and figure 25: the loss of the three largest assets of engineering machinery as a percentage of the revenue generated — on the one hand, as the engineering and machinery industry recovered, the profitability of companies and the efficiency of their operations improved considerably.
But there is still a gap between Roe’s improvement and the third-largest workforce. To eliminate the effects of differences in the Maori rates of different products, the ratio of Maori to the three companies’ heavy lifting machines was compared to Xu’s lower than Trinity and Central Unions, and there is still room for improvement in the control of production costs.
The system was flexible, with triple-time workers reducing their costs through layoffs in 2012-2016 and less than a third of their workforce in 2016, with the corresponding triple-first-class workers producing a significant output and per capita profitability leading the way.3 Cash flow: the company ' s operating cash flow in 2019 was at its best level in history and turnover accelerated.
In 2019, the net operating cash flow amounted to $5,136 million, the highest level ever. The company began to tighten its sales policy in 2013 by clearing receivables, controlling delays, strengthening risk controls, and maintaining a higher percentage of credit sales down payment.
The first quarter of 2020 saw an increase in stock readiness, with an end-of-cycle inventory of $11.3 billion, an increase of $800 million in ring comparison, and a turnover rate of more than Trinity and China. At the same time, operating a net cash flow of $120 million, which is still growing over the same period last year, despite the impact of the epidemic, suggests that companies actually operate better.
4. Red ratio: the company has greater scope to upgrade its holdings, and the company announces that “the next step will be to actively introduce strategic investors and to improve the governance of Xu's Ltd., the employee-owned shareholding and the hiring programme for career managers”.
In the future, there will be an objective increase in the turnover of listed companies. In 2019, the shares of companies were significantly lower than those of the Trinity and Central Utility Division.5 Sales policy: companies have tightened their credit sales policies in recent years, with exposure to external risks.
▪ Credit sales policies affect the company’s cash flow, receivables and profitability.
Accounts receivable are also accounted for as bad debts; when the finance lease defaults, the mainframe plant repurchases the equipment, or the contingent liability is converted to inventory. Therefore, sales policy credit expansion increases the potential risk of receivables and inventory, affects net profits through impairment losses, and exacerbates the operating cash flow, increases the demand for finance and increases the need for finance.

After the bitter lessons of the last round, companies are cautious about the credit sales ratio and the down payment ratio, and the overall sales policy is more rational and industry risks are manageable.
▪ The off-the-shelf risks are largely cleared, and the balance of the guarantee for Xu's credit sales is significantly lower than the historical highs.
The risk exposure level of total risk (the table shows that the risks associated with radical sales over the past few years have been largely cleared out. With a mixed shareholding, companies are expected to unleash management dynamism and profitability in the future.
The parent company's high-quality assets are also expected to be injected into the public company, with the share of the Xu Gang diggers in recent years                                                                                            in 2020
In 2020, the pb was 1.2 times higher than the security margin. The company’s valuation is expected to be gradual and triple $7.97 to maintain the “buy-in” rating.
▪ If the future piece of engineering machinery is put on the market as a whole, we estimate that the market value is expected to increase by over $30 billion, and then the market value of the new piece of engineering machinery as a whole is expected to be close to $100 billion (without taking into account the corresponding costs).
The theoretically reasonable net profit is likely to be about $1.5 billion; giving excavator assets about 15 times more than pe would be a reasonable market value of over $20 billion. (2) We measure the company’s revenues from concrete machinery, towers, and miners in 2020 in excess of $15 billion.
Real estate and capital investments are lower than expected: the engineering and machinery industry is closely linked to infrastructure and construction investments, and changes in macro-policy and capital-asset investments will demand demand from companies downstream customers.
▪ Exchange-rate risk: a company has a certain amount of foreign currency operations that will have an impact on the company’s financial position if the currency in question fluctuations.
The impact of the new crown epidemic is more than expected. It has a negative impact on corporate exports as well as global supply chains, the global distribution of the engineering and machinery supply chain, the dependence of some of its products on core parts and components abroad, and the negative impact of capacity limitations on domestic production and sales.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that the price of upstream raw materials has a greater impact on the company’s profitability through cost, and that the firm will face some pressure if the price of upstream raw materials increases significantly.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment