In 2022, the company achieved business income of $5.260 billion (-64 per cent) and a net profit of $21.309 billion (-18.89 per cent) to the mother.
The Utungde reservoir in the upper Yangtze River is more abundant than in the same period the previous year, the three gorge reservoirs are dead, and the total power generated by the six ladder stations within the company is 55,598 million kWh (+18.40%).
The Division purchased 100% of Yuncheon's shares by issuing shares and paying cash, adding two new hydroelectric plants in Utungde and White Crane Beach, with a combined load of 26.2gw, with a domestic cumulative load of 71.70gw. After the “Outain” plant assets were injected, the company changed from a “four-pool” to a “six-pack” facility.
The company is now accelerating the development of integrated renewable energy for wind and light reservoirs downstream of the Jinsha River, while taking advantage of the company's core capacity for large hydropower transport.
High-quality layout and promotion of pumping energy storage operations; in addition, active promotion of the intelligent and integrated energy industry, innovative introduction of the urban green integrated energy housekeeper model, active deployment of a “source-net-pool” as a whole, steady progress of the pumping board and new momentum for performance development.
With approval in October 2022, the project installed 1.4 million kilowatts, mainly to perform the tasks of Gansu grid twitching, filling of valleys, storage power, FM, modem, emergency backup, which became Gansu.
To date, the Department has targeted 30-40 million kilowatts (kW) of the extraction project, which will continue to grow in size and contribute to corporate performance as the extraction of water energy is phased out.
Investment proposals: As a result of the company's completion of the “Ubric” infusion of power plants and the expected improvement in the water flow, $3.613 billion (+16.28 per cent). Water from the Utund reservoir in the upper Yangtze River is more abundant than in the same period in the previous year, water from the three gorge reservoirs is dead, and total electricity generated from the six ladder stations located in the company is 55.598 billion kWh (+18.40 per cent).
On 10 January 2023, the company purchased 100 per cent of Yuncheon's shares by issuing shares and paying cash to add two new hydroelectric plants, Utund and White Crane Beach, with a total of 26.2gw installed, with a total of 71,695,000 kW in the company's domestic water and electricity installed, accounting for 17.34 per cent of the country's water and electricity installed.
The water situation improved in the first quarter of 23 years, with an increase in the same amount of electricity generated. According to the company ' s preliminary statistics, the total amount of water coming from the Utunde reservoir upstream of the Yangtze River was about 16,088 million cubic metres, or 7.05 per cent more than in the same period of the previous year; the total amount of water coming from the three gorge reservoirs was about 51,918 million cubic metres, or 3.52 per cent less than in the same period of the previous year.
The station ' s total power generation amounted to 55,598 million kWh per month, an increase of 18.40 per cent over the same period in the previous year. Of these, the three gorges, the Gojia dam power station were reduced compared to the same period in the previous year; the streaming power station, the dam-to-house power station, the Utunde power station and the crane beach power station increased compared to the same period in the previous year (the white crane beach power station has not yet been fully operational during the same period).
Figure 2: Corporate net profit return and rate of increase (in billions of yuan) The Māori rate decreased in 22 years and slightly increased in the first quarter of the 23rd year. Māori ratio and management cost increased by 0.05 and 0.17 pt, respectively, for 2022 companies, and financial cost decreased by 0.68 pt, overall
In terms of cost rates, the sales and management rates have been reduced by 0.07 and 1.16 pct and the financial costs have increased by 9.81 pcc, mainly due to a significant increase in interest costs, mainly due to a decrease in net interest rates; operating cash flows of $30,913 million, a decrease of 13.49 per cent in the same year, mainly attributable to a decrease in net interest rates.
0.10 pct; operating cash flow of $7.578 billion, an increase of 78.33% over the same period, which is expected to increase the revenue from hydropower operations further, mainly as a result of increased electricity distribution, which is expected to increase further. After the "Ubric" power plant is injected, the company will temporarily inflate its large hydropower assets.
The company will improve information-sharing mechanisms in the Yangtze river basins, further develop joint river-level reservoir movements, optimize water-time and space distribution in the basins, and maximize the combined benefits of the ladder hub.
Taking full advantage of large hydropower projects and promoting the integration of wind and water storage. The extraction of water storage energy is in line with large hydropower in terms of technical principles, transport patterns, etc., and the company has taken advantage of project experience and technical advantages. To date, the project has been targeted at about 30-40 million kilowatts, and the construction of projects such as Gansu Zhang is accelerating.
Water storage operations are gradually landing and will continue to increase in size, thus contributing to the growth of the company’s performance. On the bright side of new energy sources, the company has taken advantage of the complementarities of large hydropower, transmission routes, cross-regional marketing, etc., to facilitate the development of a large water and light base, and is now accelerating the development of a large water and light storage base below the Jinsha River.
A large proportion of the time is involved in the Mongolian Wind and Light Base project, which continuously optimizes the investment structure and promotes the high-quality development of new energy operations. The benefits of new energy differentiation are becoming apparent.
In the first project, a pilot project was launched for the development of an integrated “source-net charger”, with the construction of the largest distributed photovoltaic project and the largest-capacity user side electrical and chemical storage project in Shanghai, the successful implementation of the first demonstration project for public building energy facilities in Tianjin City, and the construction of a project for the development of an integrated light storage energy package for the largest user in China.
With the launch of the Pure Electric Ship "The Yangtze Three Gorges 1" and the construction of the Hydrogen Power Ship "The Three Gorges" "The Green Green Hydrogen Demonstration Station" in China, 99.999% of the high-purity hydrogen gas was successfully deactivated.
The main industry is active and robust in strategic investments around the direction of clean energy, smart and integrated energy, and industrial chains, and so on. In 2022, companies insisted on doing good by keeping stock in stock, promoting equity asset rotations, strengthening active market value management, and fully exploiting stock equity values in the context of capital market trends.
In parallel with the main hydropower industry, strategic investments in the industrial chain, both upstream and downstream, and related new and emerging areas have been actively pursued, yielding investment revenues of $4.6 billion over the year.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject