The Yangtze Power incident (6009000.sh) was evaluated, and the price of the transmission and distribution fell and the cranes danced on 16th of May, 2023.
Summary of events: On 15 May, the National Development Commission issued a notice on the prices of temporary transmissions of electricity from crane beaches - Jiangsu, crane beaches - Zhe \triangleright and the White crane beach hydroelectric power plant (changed prices)
Rue [2023] 404). Exterior transmission and distribution prices are officially confirmed: according to the documents, crane beach, Jiangsu, crane beach, \triangleright
The temporary transmission price for the river ~800 kV/kWh is 8.36 and 8.14 kWh, respectively, including taxes, including the loss of the transmission link and 6% of the loss of the line, and the temporary transmission price of 0.85 kWh, including taxes, per kWh, for the shipment of power from the White Crane Beach hydroelectric plant has been put into production. The company ' s performance was made clear on 8 May.
At that time, it was not clear whether the cost of the grid crossing (i.e., the cost of the feed-out project transmission) had been saved and whether it had been adjusted retroactively. The Circular made it clear that there was a 0.65-kWh decrease in the rate of excess/kWh in Sichuan province.
Over 24 billion degrees, a total of nearly 50 billion degrees of electricity can increase the revenue by about 290 million, taking into account income tax exemption, s0105211007.
The DRC has made it clear that the price of the ultra-high voltage transmission is settled from the grid: at present, the price of the white crane beach Internet is still at the temporary rate of Zhao Guali, the research assistant, and there is a difference of about 8 minutes/kWh between the price of the outgoing river and the price of the net.
The transmission of electricity from the crane beach hydroelectric power plant to the date of the implementation of this notification is carried out at the above-mentioned approved prices for transmission of electricity from the crane beach, Jiangsu, crane beach, Zhejiang ~800 kV, and in Sichuan province, at the level of the transition period (2021) coordinated by our Committee.” The electricity supply in Sichuan province is expected to be at the same level as in Sichuan.
Marketized settlements were partially or retroactively adjusted for Yunnan's electricity volume; Zulu high voltage was delivered at the end of 2022, and was evaluated in the first quarter of 023: performance, red double expectations, less power delivery; the key was Sout high pressure, delivered in May 2022.
On January 17th, 2023/04/28, it was reported that as of January 17th, 2023, crane beaches had accumulated 10.34 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) of Jiangsu electricity;
By 13.6 billion kilowatt-hours (kW) of 1 q23 power generation at White Crane Beach, it is assumed that by May of the date of the official start of the implementation of message No. 404, the Yangtze Power (6009000.sh) fast report for the year 2022, the accumulated solution capacity at White Crane Beach would have increased by about 10.6 kW by theoretically.
A short-term “crash” of performance, a clean-up of U.S. officials, a million yuan net profit, about 930-1.06 billion dollars. Investment proposal: official approval of electricity transfer and distribution prices outside the White Crane Beach, with an intermediate price reduction leading to an increase in the price of electricity on the Internet.
\triangleright 4. Three-quarterly reporting points in the Yangtze River in 2022. Methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.