q3 Performance is under pressure and the process of globalization is advancing steadily
The company’s new energy materials portfolio is the leading single-watt-cost industry, but its total losses have increased as a result of product prices and inventories; 2) component operations are relatively uncompetitive and have been held back by the industry’s down-cycle performance; and 3) the subsidiary maxeon’s performance and stock prices have fallen significantly, leading to higher corporate losses.
The silicon market is the first to sustain the industry, and the component business is ready for the future. 24q1-q3, the company continues to drive the manufacturing industry to 4.0 and flexible, with single crystal output rising to 190gw, yielding 94.86gw, i.e. +11.4 per cent.
The city has a 19.2% share, and the industry is the largest. The company continues to push for a transformation of the industry n-type and large-sized silicon, with the productive sector leading by about 505 kg, and the kilogram-sized industry leading by about 1 piece. On the component side, the company revolves around efficiency, high power, and low cost.
The development of the company ' s component has continued to be driven by the growth of the company ' s component, which, as of 24q3, has a 4.0 product power that is at the forefront of the industry, with efficiency at 0.2 per cent plus efficiency compared to friendly products, and has achieved product production capacity.
24gw, the follow-up company will continue to reduce efficiency gains around the N battery, demetallicizing, reducing steps, etc.
On 16 July 2024, the company signed an agreement with the Saudi Arab Public Investment Fund (Pif), a fully-owned subsidiary, relc and videoindustrie, to set up a joint venture to promote home-grown production of optical crystallizers in Saudi Arabia, with 40% of the company’s shareholding.
The project, which will reach 20gw in the year after its construction, will become the first photovoltaic crystal chip project in Saudi Arabia and the largest transistor factory in the world today. The project will help companies report in the Middle Ring (002129.sz) in the Middle East, North Africa and 1.tcl in the second half of 2024.
In addition, during the reporting period, companies have achieved control over maxeon and will actively promote improvements in their capital structures, business changes, business improvements, asset development, and cross-fertilization through production and channels on a global scale.
Twenty-four-year quarterly reviews: short-term performance pressure, volume of goods and synergies to optimize corporate globalization. Efficiency gains continue to build on the expansion of overseas production capacity, and corporate-market ownership is expected to increase continuously, with subsequent profitability.
Review: Performance meets expectations and advanced output expansion consolidates a leading \triangleright position - 2023/08/30
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.