China's Centre for Research in Resources and the Environment (003816.sz) has increased (first rating) nuclear power taps in the country, waiting to fly.
At the end of the year, the company was operating 24 nuclear power units with a capacity of 27142 megawatts (MW), or 56% of the country. Nuclear power approvals will continue steadily in the future, benefiting from a monopolistic pattern: clean, efficient and stable.
After years of absorption of the third generation of nuclear power technology abroad, we have developed the autonomous intellectual property of the third generation of nuclear power plant, the Chinese Dragon One, which was re-opened in 2019, and we expect that the approval of future nuclear power projects will be stable.
The main factors affecting the level of profits in the nuclear power sector include the amount of electricity available online, the price of electricity on the Internet, the cost of nuclear power installations, and the cost of nuclear fuel cycles. In a safe and stable operation, the price of electricity or the expansion of markets.
There has been a sharp decline, with the overall Māori rate in the nuclear power industry remaining high and stable at Roe level. High industry concentration has allowed firms within the industry to compete in an orderly manner, and oligopolistic patterns are more conducive to barriers that fully guarantee the core drivers of company performance growth based on the use of hours and stable electricity prices.
The movement factor is the increase in installed capacity. In 2019, the company completed the production of two new nuclear power units, which will continue to be released in 2020. The company has four units under construction with a capacity of 4598 megawatts, which is expected to be fully operational in 2022, when the company will increase its installed capacity by 16.9 per cent.
Unit 12 of the former reserve project, the wholly-owned subsidiary of the company's controlling shareholders, the Xuzhou nuclear power plant, Unit 1, 2 was approved in 2019, and the Quang nuclear group plans to inject two nuclear power projects into a listed company not later than five years after the formal start of work.
• Unexpected pace of completion of construction work in progress; lifting of stock restrictions; lowering of electricity prices; reduction of tax benefits; nuclear security risks; policy risks; and changes in the international political situation.
China's Hiroshima: nuclear power tap, which is expected to grow by 17 per cent in three years
The company’s shareholders are the Guang Nuclear Group of China, holding 57.79% of the shares, which is the only platform for the ultimate integration of the nuclear power industry. The largest player in the nuclear power industry, the number one in the country, is installed: the company is the largest in China’s nuclear power industry.
Participant, managed share of the capacity of nuclear power plants in transit and under construction is the highest in the domestic market. As of the end of 2019, the company managed 24 nuclear power units in transport and 5 nuclear power units in construction (including one in progress unit entrusted to the company by the shareholders of the company) with capacity of 27142 megawatts and 27,142 megawatts, respectively.
5,800 megawatts, or 55.69% and 44.08% of the total installed capacity of the country's nuclear power plants in transit and construction, are prominent in the primary sector, where electricity is the absolute primary source of revenue and profits: as a pure nuclear power generation enterprise, revenue from electricity sales accounts for 80-95% of total revenues and is the absolute main source of operating income.
The share of electricity in Māori continued to rise to over 90 per cent.  Trade and other business  Corporate performance grew robustly: corporate operating income and net repatriation profits grew steadily in 2011 - 2011, with a total of over 90 per cent of GDP.
The central driver of the growth in corporate performance was the growth in installed capacity. Two new nuclear power units were put into operation, one for the Yangjiang Unit 6 and the other for the Taisan Unit 2.
The split capacity will continue to be released in 2020. By the end of 2019, the company had four units under construction, with 4598mw installed, and is expected to be fully operational by 2022, when the capacity of the company will increase by 16.9%.
In 2019, the nuclear power plant, Unit 1, 2 in Huaizhou, was approved, and the China-China Nuclear Group plans to inject two nuclear power projects into a listed company for a period of not more than five years after the formal start of work.
Hours of use: 2020 epidemic has had a certain impact on electricity demand, using the same hour projected to drop in capacity: assuming fleets 3 and 4 are operational in 2022, Red River 5 in 2021, and 6 in 2022.
As a result, the additional installed capacity was estimated in 2020-2022 as the additional installed capacity became operational in mid-year.
At 0.435/kWh, the price of electricity changes on the same scale as the rest of the fleet.  Nuclear power is similar to large hydropower profit patterns, and we choose the Yangtze Power, China Nuclear Power, etc., as a comparable company; since the company is listed on the a+h stock at the same time, we choose the company ' s Ports share to be valued at the same time.
For example, the Yangtze electricity pe (ttm) is currently 19.6 times higher, and the Chinese nuclear power is 15.7 times higher. We value the company using phase two discount cash flow, assuming no-risk interest rates of 3%, improved corporate cash flow at the end of peak production, and expected asset-liability ratios will decrease, assuming that
Compared to the company's valuation and dcf model measurements, given the company's leading position in the nuclear power industry, the barriers are more profitable than the nuclear power industry, which is a stable and efficient clean energy source, with wide scope for growth.
Our energy consumption grew rapidly at the first time and our contribution to world primary energy generation was the highest: at the root of 4.3 per cent a year, well above the 2.9 per cent increase in world primary energy consumption during the same period. In 2018, our contribution to world primary energy generation was 34 per cent, the highest in the world.
We have a relatively low share of nuclear power generation, with wide scope for industrial growth: according to International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) statistics, we have the third largest nuclear power generation in the world. The world ' s average nuclear power generation is 10.5 per cent, 20 of them more than 10 per cent, and the highest French nuclear power generation is proportional.
To 71.7%, while our share of nuclear power is only 4.2%, ranking 26th in the world. Despite the rapid development of nuclear power in recent years, nuclear power generation still accounts for a low proportion of total national electricity generation, and the nuclear power industry has wide scope for growth. According to the World Energy Outlook, published by the International Energy Agency (IEA),
Nuclear power is currently the second largest low-carbon power source after hydropower, and China’s nuclear power generation is expected to exceed the United States and the European Union by 2030, with good growth potential. Fossil energy, such as coal, continues to be the main source of energy consumption in our country, with electricity generated by fire at 72%: our energy source.
Consumption is over-reliant on fossil energy sources such as coal, which accounted for nearly 60 per cent of primary energy consumption in 2018, well above the world average of 27.2 per cent. In 2019, coal-fired power plants generated 59 per cent and 72 per cent of electricity, respectively, and still account for the absolute majority of the power generation structure.
Seriously, to date, our country has been the largest emitter of carbon dioxide in the world. 5.3 per cent of the non-fossil energy that was committed to the 2030 Paris Agreement, and much remains to be done to develop clean energy.
Co2 emissions are 60 - 65 per cent lower than in 2005. The share of non-fossil energy in primary energy consumption is mentioned. To achieve this goal, our country urgently needs to develop clean energy, and nuclear power is a low-carbon clean energy source that can reduce greenhouse gas emissions: unlike the use of coal or gas for power generation,
Nuclear power generation does not pollute air or directly emit sulphur dioxide, nitrogen oxides or greenhouse gases. According to data from China ' s Nuclear Energy Development Report 2019, published by our Nuclear Energy Industry Association, and the China-China-ITU National Nuclear Power Operation, January-December 2019, our first nuclear power unit since 1994.
By the end of 2019, our nuclear power generation had accumulated 23.777 billion kilowatt-hours, which, compared to coal-fired electricity generation, amounted to about 711 million tons of coal, a reduction in carbon dioxide emissions of 1,861 million tons, sulphur dioxide emissions of about 60.382 million tons and nitrogen oxide emissions of about 52.568 million tons.
Nuclear power generation is extremely efficient, using a much higher number of hours than other power sources: mainly nuclear fuel energy density and easy storage, a million kilowatt-class nuclear power plant that consumes only 30 tons of low enriched uranium (LEU) raw materials per year, while a fire power plant of the same level requires 3 million tons of primary coal. According to statistics published by the European Nuclear Energy Association,
Between 2009 and 2019, nuclear power was used more than 7,000 hours per year, using an average of 7544 hours, far higher than electricity generated by fire, hydropower, wind, etc.
Compared to other new sources of energy, in 2019 wind and solar power installed 22 per cent of the capacity, but contributed to the depletion of our hydropower resources and the near-ceiling of our installed capacity: according to the results of the national hydro resources review, our hydropower economy had a capacity of 40180.00gw, which had been developed 89 per cent by the end of 2019.
The installed capacity is close to the ceiling, and it is expected that, after the production of the 3446 million kW units in 2020-2022, in the near future, in the face of growing environmental pressures, the increase in the electric heater will be significantly slower; hydropower will be affected by the availability of water, with the properties of “food by heaven” and the development of resources will be reduced; wind, light power will be available.
Intermittent and volatile, while nuclear power is almost immune to external environmental conditions such as weather and seasons, the supply of electricity is more stable. A combination of clean, efficient, stable, economic nuclear power has the potential to replace coal power as a base charge power source.
After three years of “zero approval”, nuclear approval in 2019: in July 2019, the National Energy Authority approved fleets 5 and 6 and 3 and 4 in Tee Bay.
It was confirmed that new nuclear power projects had been approved and that nuclear power was growing rapidly and installed later: looking back at history, our nuclear power started late, mainly through digestion and re-innovation on the basis of foreign technology, but has been growing rapidly for more than 30 years.
To date, we have the third largest nuclear power unit in the world and the world's first in construction. Chart 19: The capacity of our nuclear power plant has steadily increased.
Figure 20: Rapid growth in our nuclear power generation
▪ Three generations of technology are maturing and future approval of nuclear power projects is expected to progress steadily; overall, our overall level of nuclear power is currently in the transition from a second generation to a third generation of nuclear power technologies.
In June 2018, the Taiwan nuclear power plant, which uses the third generation of nuclear power, and the three nuclear power stations, which use the third generation of nuclear power and the ap1000 technical route, were connected to power generation for the first time. In 2015, the third generation of nuclear power, with our autonomous intellectual property rights, was introduced.
With the start of the construction of the first reactor, which is now well under way at home and abroad, it is expected that it will become commercially operational in 2020. Three generations of nuclear power have a longer life cycle, a lower probability of melting, using the first, considering the probability of core melting and radioactivity of internal events, as compared to the second generation.
× 10-4/ and 1 x 10-5/year levels. Three years of “zero approval”, mainly due to the import of technologies, ap1000-year delay, and due to the maturity of the country’s autonomous technology development. With the gradual commissioning of three generations of aircraft, the technical reliability of which has been validated, we expect future approval of nuclear power projects to be sustained.
From “security” to “promotion”, the central approach is gradually positive: recalling the part of the 2016-2018 energy work guide relating to nuclear power, the key lines of the 2016 and 2017 nuclear power policy are “safe development”, while the approach was adjusted in 2018 to “safe advancement of nuclear power development”, central to nuclear power.
The approach to development has shifted from “security” to “promotion,” with a more positive attitude. High-sector barriers have created two-fold monopolistic patterns, with the industry Māori, roe-maintaining the nuclear power industry with multiple barriers: the nuclear power industry, because of its special characteristics and technology, has become more dynamic than any other power sector.
In view of the importance attached by the State to nuclear safety and the protection of the environment, the Government has adopted such measures as approval, licensing and licensing of nuclear power projects and their owners.
In this context, the National Nuclear Security Administration reviews and supervises the safety of nuclear power plants at all stages of site selection, construction, initial loading, operation and decommissioning, issues the corresponding licence or approval documents and carries out plant-based supervision; and the Ministry of Eco-Environmental Environment reports on environmental impacts.
In accordance with the relevant provisions of resolution No. ), the Government approves or approves nuclear power projects, and the National Development and Reform Commission reviews their application reports and submits them to the State Council for approval.
Technical and regulatory barriers: The nuclear power industry is a technology-intensive industry. The nuclear power industry covers a wide range of fields, such as nuclear science, chemistry, materials, operation, maintenance, performance monitoring, environmental pollution monitoring, radiation protection, and has a high level of technical infrastructure and management requirements for nuclear power developers.
High technical barriers. On the one hand, the construction of nuclear power plants requires a combination of safety, technological advances, economics and engineering enforceability requirements, compliance with nuclear safety regulations, the adoption of mature and proven technologies: compliance with the principles of technological economy and the satisfaction of total prices.
Physical control objectives: To meet overall progress requirements, including start-up conditions, construction cycles, etc. On the other hand, the construction and operation of nuclear power facilities require strict compliance with the quality assurance framework, with stringent requirements for the quality of personnel: the nuclear power industry has a more demanding core workforce.
Large, and with a long training period, reactor handlers are required by nuclear safety regulations to obtain a licence from the National Nuclear Safety Administration to operate the reactor after passing an examination organized by the National Energy Agency.
Financial barriers: The nuclear power industry is a capital-intensive industry. On the one hand, the nuclear power industry has a high demand for project site selection, design, construction, equipment procurement and manufacturing calibration, a long construction cycle and a high investment of project funds; on the other hand, the research and development and construction of a new generation of nuclear power technologies is much needed.
At present, the nuclear power industry in China has a dual monopoly: nuclear power projects (with the exception of model engineering, research reactors) that have been officially approved by the State Council are being developed or co-developed by China's Hiroshima, China's nuclear power, and the national power plant. We are currently carrying nuclear power projects, with the exception of the Red River nuclear power project, which is being developed by China.
China’s nuclear power industry is basically a two-tier monopoly, and China’s nuclear power is much more powerful. To be included in the US list of “entities,” the overall impact is manageable: in August 2019, the U.S. will have China’s nuclear collection.
In recent years, our nuclear power has been exploring the path of autonomous development, with a national production rate of less than 1% of the Great Asian Gulf, rising to over 85% in Phase II; it has been introduced.
The ap1000 technology has risen from 30% to 72% of the three fleets of Unit 1; the national production rate of the Hualong I, the Nation and the Model 1 has been over 85% in our autonomous design and is expected to increase the national production rate to over 90% in subsequent quantitative constructions.
For example, the three-generation nuclear power technology, the Hualong One, has been able to achieve full national production of the core equipment, and therefore has been included in the United States list of “entities” with limited impact. High and stable levels of profit: the main factors affecting the level of profit in the nuclear power sector include the amount of electricity available online, and the main factors affecting the level of profit in the nuclear power sector.
The price of electricity on the Internet, the cost of building nuclear power plants and the cost of the nuclear fuel cycle. After years of development, the nuclear power industry has stabilized its power generation capacity, harmonized national prices of electricity on the Internet, and relatively mature cost control capabilities, so that overall, in a safe and stable operating environment, the Māori ratio in the nuclear power industry is comparable.
For stability, the Māori rate and the Roe level remain high. High industry concentration makes firms in the industry more competitive, with oligopolistic patterns more conducive to excess profits.
There is a huge power gap in Guangdong, and the demand for electricity after the outbreak is recovering rapidly. The long-term growth in demand for electricity has continued. There is a large power gap in Luang and Liaoning: the company's fleet is distributed mainly in Guangdong, Fujian, Guangxi, and Liaoning provinces, with revenues exceeding 85%.
The two Liaoning provinces have continued to have a net transfer of electricity, with a large power gap of 1970 and 40.5 billion kilowatt-hours in 2019. The onset of the 2020 epidemic has had a negative impact on the speed of electricity use in the first quarter, but with the return of businesses in various parts of the country, demand for electricity has gradually recovered, with Guangdong, Fujian, Guangxi, Liaoning, etc.
In May, the four provinces recorded 9.3 per cent, 4.5 per cent, 13.2 per cent, and 2.3 per cent of the company ' s operating income. Guangdong, one of the country ' s four largest consumers, is gradually warming up the power supply rate. 17 per cent of the company ' s installed capacity is expected to increase after the construction team is completed.
▪ Steady progress in the construction of the unit, with 16.9 per cent increase in the capacity of all post-natal loads: the company manages 24 nuclear power units on board with a capacity of 27142 megawatts. In 2019, the company added two new nuclear power units, one for Yangjiang 6, and one for Taisan 2. By the end of 2019, the company had four.
In the build-up team (without major shareholder commissioning management of the plant in progress), the build-up of 4598mw will increase the capacity of the full post-partum company by 16.9 per cent.
According to the company’s investor relations log sheet, published on September 18, 2019, the China-China Nuclear Group plans to inject two nuclear power projects into a listed company for a period of not more than five years after the start of normal construction.
Policies that guarantee decomposition and electricity prices, cost and profit stability Policies that guarantee nuclear decomposition and are expected to maintain high levels using hours: nuclear power plants are generally designed in a way that operates with a basic negative charge, is stable for the operation of the unit, is largely absent from the power grid, and
The country has put in place a series of policies to promote nuclear power consumption. Thus, the annual generation hours of nuclear power units are higher and are expected to remain higher than other forms of power generation.
Policy to guarantee the price of nuclear power: On 15 June 2013, the National Development and Reform Commission issued a circular on issues related to the improvement of the system for the pricing of nuclear electricity on the Internet (promotion price [2013] 1130), which introduced a policy on the price of grid electricity on the poles: (1) the introduction of a price policy on the Internet for new nuclear units.
The average social cost and the supply and demand of the electricity market, with an approved national price of 0.43 yuan per kilowatt-hour per nuclear pole on the Internet. (2) The national price of the nuclear pole on the Internet is higher than the price of the coal-fired unit on the site of the nuclear unit.
(iii) The first or first unit of a nuclear power plant or demonstration project that is responsible for the introduction of nuclear power technology, self-innovation, and the domesticization of major specialized equipment, in areas where the national price of a nuclear plant is lower than that of a nuclear unit.
National prices of nuclear poles have been increased, as appropriate, by means of proposals from provincial price authorities approved by the National Development and Reform Commission. (4) National prices of nuclear poles on the Internet have remained relatively stable. In the future, prices for nuclear poles will be increased in the light of advances in nuclear power technology, changes in costs, changes in supply and demand in the electricity market.
(5) The above policy applies to nuclear power units that were manufactured after 1 January 2013.
Stations set a price for Internet access.  new units have a cost of 0.4350 yuan/kWh: in 2019, new units were installed on Mount 1 and 2 in accordance with the Circular of the National Development Reform Commission on the Pilot Price of Access to the Internet for the first three generations of nuclear power projects
In addition, the Commission proposed to undertake the introduction of nuclear power technology, self-innovation, and the nationalization of major specialized equipment.
The company’s first or first nuclear power unit or demonstration project can be set up at an appropriate price increase based on the national price of nuclear poles. The Hualong 1 unit is expected to benefit from this policy.
By 2020, the company will not participate in the electricity market and from 2018 to 2020, the company sold 20% of all electricity to the Guangdong electricity grid, multiplied by the weighted average value of the power concessions of the provincial crew involved in the market trade in the same year, and paid to the provincial treasury as non-tax revenue.
The expected price reduction in the second half of the year will not be transmitted upstream: following the first half of the year ' s phase down, the price reduction policy will again be promulgated in May for a period ranging from July to December, and the impact of the epidemic remains unclear on the overall price reduction space of approximately 538 spaces. To date, only the electricity grid has proposed the price reduction, which has not yet been published by the DEC.
In the current situation of high coal prices, coal power companies risked falling prices in 2020 and 2021. In the case of Guangdong, the electricity market has matured over the last two years, with a reasonable supply and demand structure, and the market price discounts have narrowed. The marketized average price discount of 4.6/kWh in January-June 2020, compared to the 2019 average.
The average price of electricity in the market fell by 5%/kWh compared to 2019, and the average price of electricity in the company tax was reduced by 1%. Value-added tax refunds were less pressured: according to the Ministry of Finance and the National Tax Administration, the average price of electricity in the market fell by 5%/kWh in 2019.
Notices on issues related to industrial tax policies: within 15 years of the official commercial commissioning of nuclear power units, the value-added tax (VAT) policy has been applied uniformly, with the rate of return decreasing in three stages: 55% within five years. The company fleet has invested in 13, 7 and 5 units over three business lifetimes, respectively.
There is less pressure to lower VAT refunds. Locking fuel price controls can become a source of cost stability for companies: the company’s operating costs consist mainly of the cost of nuclear fuel, depreciation amortization, employee remuneration, and spent fuel treatment fees.
Stability, for three reasons: first, the cost of nuclear fuel as a variable capital is only about 30 per cent; second, the company locks the price of nuclear fuel through long-term contracts for the supply of nuclear fuel and services; and third, the current global supply of natural uranium is largely above supply and demand, despite the new coronary epidemic.
Short-term reductions in uranium production have led to a small recovery in prices, which are expected to remain relatively stable in the medium to long term as the epidemic is under control and businesses resume their operations. Moreover, companies have a strong bargaining power in the industrial chain, which also helps to maintain cost stability.
• Double stability in revenue collection costs and low volatility in corporate profitability: on the one hand, policies guarantee electricity consumption, electricity prices have fallen slightly over the years with policy adjustments, market expansion, etc., and company operating revenues have remained largely stable; on the other hand, companies can become relatively low and fuel prices affect price volatility by their supply and demand patterns
The company’s Māori ratio has remained in the range of 42-45% over the last five years, technology autonomy + high-level operations, building corporate safety barriers, autonomous intellectual property rights, 3-generation nuclear power unit Hualong 1, successful in research and development: nuclear power involves nuclear physics, chemistry, and nuclear energy.
Materials, operations, maintenance, performance monitoring, environmental pollution monitoring, radiation protection, etc., have been subject to very high technical barriers. In recent years, the company has implemented a series of major technological improvements based on the m310 reactor technology used at the Great Asian Gulf nuclear power plant, resulting in a second-generation modified model with an autonomous brand.
Cpr 1000 series of nuclear power technologies: 31 safety technologies were implemented on the basis of Cpr 1000 technology Improvements resulting in the development of acpr 1000 technology with the main technical characteristics of three generations of nuclear power; in cooperation with the China Nuclear Group, the three generation nuclear power unit Hualong I was developed with autonomous intellectual property rights.
The patent barriers continue to progress and the barriers to talent are higher than those of peers: by the end of 2019, China had accumulated 7030 patents (4023 patents for inventions) and 4127 patents (of which 19 per cent were issued well above the average for the new energy generation sector; R & D expenditures accounted for 2.88 per cent of receipts and were in the lead.
Safe and secure, with a world leader in operational management: 76.39 per cent of companies in 2019, World Association of Nuclear Operators (wano) wano indicators to measure the performance of nuclear power plants
One quarter (advanced) of the world ' s fleetwano target; 72.22 per cent (exceeded) of the world ' s top 1/10 (excellent): the 13 nuclear power unitswano composite index was fully scored and pulled to the top.
First in the world with the same type of aircraft.  Until the end of the intensive production period, it is expected that the rate of corporate dividends will continue to rise: when considering the share of future dividends, the company is committed to a combination of business performance for the year, future development strategies, and other factors
Given that it is not less than 30% of the net profits realized in the year that are attributable to the company’s shareholders. The company’s progress in starting construction is not as high as expected: the growth in installed capacity is central to the growth of the company’s operating income and, if it does not, it will affect future growth in the company’s profits.
Release of the company's general shares and shares of the start-up agency in February 2020 Ban of the initial sale of the shares of the original shareholders and the initial sale of the shares of the initial strategic distribution of the shares of 7.23 billion shares, or 14 per cent of the total share capital, raise the price of electricity by the risk: the price of electricity is sensitive to the company's profits, if the country lowers the price of the poles online or
A significant increase in market discounts would have a negative impact on corporate profitability.  Risk of tax concessions being downgraded: revenue from electricity sales by some of the company’s subsidiaries would benefit from VAT refunds, and the rate of tax refunds would decline over the 15-year period from the introduction of nuclear power units into commercial operations: the first
The five-year VAT refund rate is 75%, the second five-year VAT refund rate is 70%, and the third five-year VAT refund rate is 55%. As the fleet spends longer on the business, some of the fleet’s tax benefits are subject to downward pressure or will affect the company’s profitability.
▪ Nuclear safety risks: due to industry specificities, a larger nuclear safety accident on a global scale could cause negative public opinion or lead to suspension of nuclear power operations or delays in the approval of new projects. ▪ Policy risks: if the relevant government departments of the country adjust our nuclear power development policies or reduce the support process
• Risk of changes in the international political situation: the international political situation due to the high political sensitivity of the nuclear power industry
Changes will have an impact on prices or availability of nuclear fuel, power plant equipment, etc. Analysis of rating ratios in the relevant reports in the market indicates that: