The maturation process continues to be full, and it is expected to outperform the previous guidelines throughout the year, with a full capacity utilization rate of 2101 battalion and a higher expected rate of 1) collection: 21q1 yields $7.3 billion, an increase of 14 per cent, an increase of 9 per cent, slightly higher than the previous company guidelines.
The entrance camp grew with the ring ratio after the valley. The netto is imported steadily. 21q1 income stands steady on the new steps, largely benefiting from the increase in crystal round shipments and the increase in average sales prices.
5) Capex: 21q1 capital expenditure of 3.5 billion yuan and planned 21-year capex of 28.1 billion yuan, mainly for maturity extension, less for advanced production, construction and other in the new Beijing joint venture.
At least two quarters of the planned equipment, installation and trial production takes a few weeks.
The company is expected to be able to grow and improve its performance with the industry’s high profile. With the full + upturn, the asp is expected to increase continuously.
\triangleright learned that some of the faundry has already started to raise prices. As the world’s fourth largest and continent’s largest faundry, the company hopes to continue to enjoy the dividends of rising prices.
1. Central Kernel International (688981): plus maturation process, beneficial climate cycle 2. Central Core International-u (688981): extension with Asma
Purchase agreements, increased confidence in expansion growth, increased trade friction between Central America and the United States, less control over the epidemic than expected, and lower-than-expected deliveries from large downstream customers.
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity and Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai Transport University.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,