Equity incentives are widely covered and dynamic motivation is being tested. The company announces the equity incentive scheme, which is intended to award 75.650 million shares to the incentive audience, representing 0.96 per cent of the total equity of the company on the day of the draft incentive announcement.
A dynamic appraisal of equity incentives to motivate staff 2021/5/19 to issue a draft equity incentive to some 4,000 people, including senior management teams, technical and business bones, and not to be deferred; if the trigger value is reached, it is partially implemented in real terms as compared to the target value; if the target value is reached,
\triangleright 21q1 \triangleright 14/28nm advanced course camp, about $50 million, or 6.9%, and more than 28nm mature process camp.
About $6.79 billion, or 93.1 per cent, is currently about 8 inch of capacity, with a planned 21-year maturity of 12 inches, an expansion of 10,000 inches, an expansion of not less than 45,000 inches of 8 inches, and a strengthening of the development and layout of first-generation, second-generation finfet polydrome.
It is expected that the new production capability will be released gradually in 2021h2. The company’s 28nm and above process is technologically mature, with low depreciation pressure, a rapid climb of new production capacity, and a steady maturity process is expected to grow and improve its performance with the industry’s high profile.
\triangleright, the world’s fourth largest and continent’s largest futurery, is expected to continue to enjoy a price-up dividend. Middle kernel pb is 4.2x, with a significant increase of 8.5 xpb from comparable company stations and 2.7 xpb from ChinaIonh.
1. China-United States trade has increased in friction, the epidemic has not been brought under control and large downstream customers have not delivered as much as expected.
Review: The maturation process continues to be full and is expected to be over and over the year.
The company's financial statement projections are summarized. Wang Fang, Chief of the electronics industry, worked for the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., and obtained the Chinese University of Science and Technology.
The author has a qualification in securities investment consulting practice or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.