The company is a global leader, China’s most technologically advanced crystal circle industrial enterprise. According to ic insights, global market sales in the pure crystal round industry in 2020 are ranked by the center core.
Internationally ranked fourth in the world, ranking first among mainland Chinese enterprises. Corporate business is divided into two parts: one integrated circuit crystal round manufacturing sub-industrial business: the company integrated circuit crystal round industrial system, based on a crystal circle of 8 or 12 inches, which achieves the graphics and performances of the electrical circuits designed by the client.
Yes. In addition, the company currently has a technology node covering 0.35 μm to 14 nm, applied to different process platforms, with the volume of multiple process platforms such as logical circuits, power source/simulation, high volatilization drive, embedded non-volatile storage, non-lossive storage, mixed signal/radio frequency, image sensors, etc.
In the last year, the company compared its capacity to production to 300 degrees deep. 2 Other operations (including photo mask manufacturing and contour processing and testing): the company owns the largest and most advanced photo mask manufacturing facility in mainland China, producing 0.35 micrometres.
Light masking products at 14 nanocentres can provide a variety of photo masks, such as binary masks, moving masks, and adjacent effects correction masks.
The company realizes operating income (US$ 27,471 million, +24.77%) and returns net profits to the mother (US$ 4,332 million in subsidies).
Sub-operations show that the generation of integrated circuit crystal round manufacturing has generated revenue (23,989 million yuan, +19.98 per cent), or 88.90 per cent; other operations have generated revenue (2,986 million yuan, +102.39 per cent), or 11.10 per cent. The growth in corporate revenue has benefited from product restructuring and crystallization.
The company provides a variety of technology nodes ranging from 0.35 micrometres to 14 nanometres, which are applied to different process platforms. The demand for mature applications platforms in 2020 is strong, with increases in revenue associated with power pipelines, radio frequency signal processing, fingerprint recognition, and image signal processing.
In addition, the company benefited from an average price increase of 10.87 per cent as a result of a 13.3 per cent increase in the volume of crystal round sales over the same period. The production capacity of global crystal round workers remained tight in 2021.
Chang, the crystal round price may continue to rise, and it is expected to increase the earnings of the company. The company's revenue target is 13.9 billion yuan in the first half of 2021, and the year-round Māori target is set at a percentage of capital building, Air Securities Limited.
The net effect of the appreciation is the result of a change in foreign currency exchange earnings. Corporate operating cash flows continue to be positive, but attention needs to be paid to further increases in depreciation costs.
On the other hand, net cash flows from corporate investment activities amounted to $48.503 billion, mainly due to the high demand for the acquisition of plant and equipment matured and the gradual increase in the level of manufacturing of advanced manufacturing processes.
28 nanometres and above increased production of about 30,000 8-inch crystals in the Tianjin region and about 20,000 12-inch crystals in the Beijing factory area, while process nodes, such as nanos, reached industry leadership, with a ratio of 58.1% for 90 nanometers and below, and 30.5% for 55/65 nanometers. On the other hand, the company completed advanced production and installed production targets in thefinfet area, and the technology continued to make breakthroughs.
Technically, the current manufacturing level of the first generation of the finfet process has gradually increased to the stage of maturity production. For the first time, the second generation of finfet technology has adopted saqp to form a smaller-size structure, and the development of low voltage processes has been technically completed to provide 0.33v/0.35v low voltage.
At the same time, the development of technology for the center core international specialty process is well under way, with multiple technology delivery products, 40 nm and 0.11 dm embedded non-volatile storage platforms entering the risk volume, and other high-pressure-driven, special storage technologies and image-sense projects are also well under development.
The mill and a 200 mm crystal mill, as well as a 300 mm advanced crystal circle factory with real control; a 300mm crystal mill in Beijing and a 300mm crystal mill in Shenzhen; a 200mm crystal mill each in Tianjin and Shenzhen; and a 300mm congee processing joint venture in Jiangyang. The company plans to expand production on a continuous basis, with an increase of 10,000 in 12 inches and an increase of not less than 45,000 in 8 inches.
As a new shareholder in the middle-core south, the ICRF ii and the Shanghai ICRF ii have agreed to invest $1.5 billion and $750 million, respectively, to the central core, which is expected to build large-scale capacity and focus on 14 nanometers and more advanced processes and manufacturing techniques that can be applied to the main flow-movement platform, automation and cloud-end computing. With high potential areas such as smart phones, high-speed railways, smart power grids, super-clear video and security systems,
To work with the Shenzhen government: in 2020, the company and Shenzhen government are to mature by a joint venture to build a new 12-inch line of 28 nanometres and above, with an eventual capacity of 40,000 units per month, which is expected to start in 2022.
Building (Beijing) Ltd., which accounts for 51%, 24.49% and 24.51% of the registered capital of the joint venture, respectively. China-King City will focus mainly on 12 inches of crystal-crystal integrated circuit production and manufacturing.
The company, as the leader of the global crystal circle generation, has developed sophisticated processes and advanced technology, and in recent years the technology level has changed dramatically.
However, the future development of the company remains a major challenge in the face of the US embargo on technology and equipment. We expect the company to return to the mother ' s net profit in 2021-2023, with an asset impairment risk of 38.6% of the book value of construction work as a proportion of total assets; the risk of controlling shareholders and physically controlling people; and the risk of fixed capital.
Higher depreciation affects profit risk; the risk of adjustment of United States export control policies; and the risk of exchange rate fluctuations.