Performance has continued to grow, with the benefits of the booming cycle – the net profit from the annual report of China-Cholel International (688981) of $1.697 billion has been reversed over the last year. The demand for a mature platform for companies is strong.
The corresponding products, such as power management, radio frequency signal processing, fingerprint recognition, and image signal processing, have seen significant growth in revenues. Advanced technologies continue to enrich the market value of circulation in applications such as communications, consumption, and network of goods (millions of dollars):
Advanced and mature technology R & D is progressing well, one-stop services are improving competitiveness Advanced technology: R & D is progressing well, first generation Finfet is entering the mature production stage, and the rate is good
Community standards, multiple derivative platforms are completed and product diversification is achieved. Second-generation technology uses saqp technology to achieve a smaller size structure. Low voltage process development has been completed to provide 0.33 v/0.35v low voltage use demand and enter risk volume production.
Technology delivery products, 40 nanometres and 0.11 micrometer embedded non-volatile storage platforms are entering risk volumes, and other high-pressure-driven, special storage and image sensor projects are steadily being developed. Companies also provide one-stop service packages for clients such as design and ip support, photo masking, contour processing and testing.
Together with partners across the industry chain, it provides clients with a full-scale integrated circuit solution.
The sub-industry innovation and pattern re-engineering 2020.11.30 20q has a capacity of about 521,000 pieces of 8” equivalent crystal round per month, with a capacity utilization rate of 95.5 per cent, which is expected to remain high throughout the year given the current supply of chips. Capital expenditure in 2020 was $5.7 billion, the main one being $5.7 billion.
The planned capital expenditure in 2021 was $4.3 billion, mainly for the expansion of non-finfet capacity and, to a lesser extent, for advanced production. 12, "Multi-month capacity will be expanded to 10,000 units and 8 units will be expanded to 45,000 units.
He's the one who's got a problem with the supply of the industrial chain because of the friction between China and the United States; the constant climate risk; and the lack of progress in the development of advanced programs.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.