Utility shares (000938.sz) Communications group ict lead, ai server and switch
In 2024, the company submitted an application to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to raise its investment and support.
idc projects a 40% compound increase in the size of China ' s smart money between 2024 and 2028, which has led to an increase in the demand for ai servers. Large Internet plants are the backbone of demand.
According to idc, in 2024, the Chinese national production of the ai chip was more than 820,000, compared to 310%.
The company’s client structure is dominated by government, so a relatively high proportion of the ai service has a national chip, while the company is expected to benefit fully from the national production replacement process, in close cooperation with the head of the national chip manufacturer.
See, the 67% increase in the contract liability of 1q25 shows a positive sign: the positive layout of the screen-out field white box switch is expected to break through in the scale-up area: the price of the scale-out domain barter has risen, while the rate of penetration of the Tainet has risen rapidly.
Internet customers account for 67% of the country’s Internet exchange, mostly with white box exchanges. For Internet customers, companies have been investing proactively in white box research and development since 2022, and the white box is now faster than ever.
Net operating cash flow per share rises. For non-Internet clients, public roe (belonging to the parent company) due to relatively weak self-research capabilities of their switchboard systems
The division is expected to use its brand vendor advantage to maintain high profitability. The medium- and long-term scale-up area Ether exchange will accelerate penetration and expand the industry.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating High cost of debt, less than expected pace of entry into the port, risk of stock impairment, short supply of chips, risk of increased market competition, less progress on development of the scale-up domain.
Xinjiang Xinhua, all-inct infrastructure and service providers, 1.1. Core affiliates have increased their shareholdings and the gloom of group reorganizations has faded.
The company was established in 1999 by the Qinghua Purple Group to locate its distributors. In 2013, the company established the Nanjing Purple Cloud Information Technology Company Ltd., which expanded its operations to cloud computing. In 2016, the company acquired 31% of Xinhua shares, and the product was extended to the server, switch, etc.
In the meantime, a joint venture with Western data has been set up to deepen the layout of the storage chain. In 2020, 46.67% of the shares of Purple Cloud Technology Ltd. were acquired to enhance the deployment of the private cloud sector. Since 2021, the stock structure of the company was modified by the collapse of the Purple Group. By December 2024, the Purple Group was transferred to Chang An Trust, Shindak.
In September 2024, the company also acquired Xinhua for a new 30% of the month and signed an agreement with Xinhua Cayman to purchase 31% of the Xinhua stock. In the Shareholder Agreement, the parties agreed that thpe could sell surplus shares to Xinhua at a price of 15 times the net after-tax profit between 2019 and 2022.
In May, Purple International announced that it would buy 39% of Hpe’s shareholding in Xinhua, but the deal could not be completed because of the GLA’s debt problem. Until May 2024, the GLA resumed its acquisition program, which was restructured to be implemented in a phased manner: first, 30% with US$ 2,143 million, and included the remaining 19% in forward options arrangements.
In 2024, the purchase price of each share of Xinhua was consistent with the price of each share of Xinhua's acquisition of 39% of Xinhua's share in 2023. To this end, the purple share is deliberately moving towards an increase in its shareholding, while the hpe is moving to high-value-added cloud services, and is also offering to sell, and both parties to the transaction have more to do with their claims.
The company’s first shareholder is Tibet Purple Communication, with a 28% share, which is backed by the new Purple Group, which has a 100% stake in a reshuffle with a brain-brain core. The smart-brain core is a diversified stock holding platform, including state-owned capital, with more decentralized shares and no real shareholders. The market is generally concerned about the break-up of the Purple Group.
We believe that in December 2024, the Purple Group transferred 11 per cent of its shares to two asset management schemes, the Long-Ann Trust and the Sinda Securities, and locked in for six months, significantly reducing liquidity problems, enhancing creditor confidence, and reducing short-term risk.
The funds raised will be used mainly to increase R & D investment in front-of-the-art areas such as Ai, to support potential acquisitions, and to expand overseas.
In May 2025, the company submitted an application for the posting of foreign shares (h-stocks) abroad, 1.2.1ct infrastructure and services were distributed in a comprehensive manner, accounting for about 70% of the country's income.
Storage, cloud computing, security and smart terminals are among the top providers of stockict infrastructure and services: they are among the top producers of products such as networks, computing, storage, security, and cloud computing. According to company announcements, in 2024, the company was ranked second in 31.1% of the market share of the Ethernet exchange in China, and third in 12.6% of the market share of the Chinese server x86.
Corporate income from infrastructure and services increased from 54 per cent in 2019 to 69 per cent of 2024, while distribution and supply chain services fell to 37 per cent. Of this, distribution and supply chain services for its products were provided mainly for HP, Dale, etc.
The growth in revenue is robust and changes in product structure have led to a slight decline in profitability The annual increase in revenue has slowed, we believe, for the following reasons: 1) the equipment procurement phase of the previous phase of the “East and West” project has moved into the full-scale construction phase, and the procurement requirements for the hardware infrastructure have slowed; 2) the campus, which accounts for the bulk of the exchange income
We believe that the company’s future revenue will increase steadily from 2025, with the large-scale construction of the country’s ai data centre, the Department’s acceleration of the ai server, and the high-speed digital switchboard layout. The company’s combined Māori rate is about 17%, and the ict infrastructure and services contribute mainly to the profits.
At the cost-side, the company’s R & D cost rate is around 7%, while total R & D expenditure is higher, amounting to $5.1 billion in 2024. We believe that high R & D inputs can guarantee the company’s product’s demand for continuous product rotation and fit-for-business development.
At the profit end, Xinhua San added a large boost to net profits in 2021; at the same time, the corporate net profit fell as a result of increased corporate financial costs and reduced government subsidies in 2024. At the parent rate of interest in 2024, the company’s main subsidiaries included Xinhua San, Purple Clouds, Purple Digital, Purple Software, which each provided an ict base.
Services, cloud services, ict distribution, software development, four major businesses.
Figure 12: Xinhua net profit of Xinhua in 2024 was 91% of the company ' s total net profit
According to idc data, the size of China’s smart computing capacity is expected to increase from 416.7eflops to 60% of its estimated effective utilization rate, with 1037.3eflops counting for 1,168 million gpu chips in 2025.
The server is carrying eight gpu chips, which corresponds to 1.46 million server requirements. So the demand for the one server is proportional to the size of the smart calculation, and it benefits directly from the wave as the cornerstone of the one-size-fits-all.
According to the Chinese fund, the byte beats capital spending to 80 billion yuan in 2024. We think the bytes are more positive in the case of Ia, assuming that their capital expenditure increases at a similar rate to that of Ali, in 2025/2026/2027. 2) The purchase of servers as a proportion of capital expenditure: server purchases = pure hardware in the capital expenditure of the company*
The share of purchases in hardware purchases* is the share of purchases made by servers. According to AE, about 60% of China ' s large model investments in 2024 were spent on pure hardware purchases; according to China Research Network, the purchase of servers accounted for about 69% of the total purchases of pure hardware. Therefore, we have estimated the amount of capital expenditure for the year 2025/2026/2027 based on Ali, Tent, bytes.
Figure 18: We estimate that since 2024, Ali, tungsten, bytes have been accumulated with a higher proportion of home-grown chips on the company ' s 'ai ' server, which is expected to benefit fully from the Chinese 'i ' server market competition patterns showing a "exceeding" trend. According to idc data, the 2024 wave wave information.
Keeping the position of the i-server market one, which holds about 36 per cent of the market share; after Xinhua, Xinhua and super-mixing, the market share is about 8.5 per cent/8.0/7.0 per cent, respectively.
Figure 19: Competition patterns in China ' s i Server Market in 2024 Figure 20: Competition patterns in China ' s non-gpgpua1 Server Market in 2024
In 2024, Xinhua Trinity/Ningu/Super-Multi-Ai servers received $124,558/131/108/99 million, respectively, with a weak pace. We believe that the main reason for this is that domestic Ai servers were purchased mainly by Internet manufacturers in 2024.
Xinhua Triai server revenue (millions)  Wave Information server income (billions)  Ninghai server income (billions)
In the outlook for 2025 and beyond, we believe that there has been a positive shift at the industry and corporate levels:
1) The company is expected to benefit fully from the accelerated process of substitution of chips for national production, which, according to idc data, exceeded 2.7 million chips in China ' s market in 2024 and more than 820,000 chips in China, an increase of 310% compared to the same amount in 2023 for national chips.
The share of chip exports was about 30%, an increase of 16 pct compared to 2023. Figure 22: China ' s share of national chip shipments amounted to 14% in 2023. Figure 23: China ' s share of national chip exports increased to 30% in 2024.
We believe that the process of replacing the national chip in 2025 will continue to accelerate. At the competitive level, the Trump government requires a license to export the H20 chip to China, thereby limiting the export of the BWD chip to China.
On the supply side, the performance of the home-grown ai chip is increasing, and the gap with the British Weida chip is shrinking, providing the conditions for a national alternative. We believe that the past Xinhua-led client structure (which has contributed 70-80%) has made it part of its gpu server.
There is a relatively high proportion of home-grown chips, with a greater potential for growth if the chip is replaced by a faster one. Because Xinhua three downstream customers are predominantly government-owned, downstream customers demand higher levels of home-grown chips because of the high proportion of home-grown chips in the Xinhua trigpu server.
The total size of the i server market in the gpgpu structure amounts to $6.9 billion, of which the share of Xinhua trim/tidal/supermulgation amounts to 2.8/5.9/1.2%, corresponding to 13.5/28.554.1 million yuan. With idc's published master rules for the Chinese i server market and the share of the respective i server vendors, we calculated that we received the i server vendor's services in Central Africa, gpgpuai.
The Xinhua San value is 11%. Since the non-gpgpu-structured i-server basically uses a national i chip, we use it as a reference for the amount of goods delivered by the company's national i-server, and the Xinhua 3i server uses a national core.
Xinhua has been working closely with the head of the nation's chip manufacturer. Days of wisdom is an important partner in Xinhua's Xinhua Triad Technology Alliance. Xinhua has also been working in depth with Kunlun and Xinjiang, actively tailoring its mass chip.
From the balance sheet, the company’s 1025 contract liability is 67% higher than it is. We refer to wave information that the contract’s liability has increased at the same rate as income, and the contract’s liability has increased at the same rate.
The underlying rationale is related to the business model of the server-manufacturing company: the server provider issues the product to the customer, but the product has been sent to the receiving and inspection office for a longer period, which may result in orders not being carried over into revenue in the current period. And the contractual liability can be seen as a small down payment received by the company, providing some guidance to the end of the performance.
In terms of contractual liabilities, the $1q25 contract liability increased by 67% to $18.7 billion on a year-on-year basis, reaching an all-time high, corresponding to a 22% increase in the 1q25 income. We believe that the high increase in the 1q25 contract liability and the increase in income during the current season is a positive sign that corporate revenue is expected to move gradually to the advanced stage.
Positive layout of the White Box Exchange operation, which is expected to make progress in the scale-up domain 3.1. Short viewing of the scale-out domain total switch volume at full cost, long viewing of the scale-up-led industry expansion data centre switch is a central driver of industry growth, and park switch entering the down-line phase of the inventory cycle.
idc data, similar decline in China ' s non-data-centre exchange market in Ethernet, 2023-2024 (mainly park switches, etc.): the data-centre exchange market was opened in 2024, a 23 per cent increase in the same year, and the market was 12.5 billion yuan, about 36.5 per cent of the total market for Ethernet.
We believe that the scale-out field switch is a short-term core driver for the Tainet data centre switch, track availability 1) in terms of volume, the switch is also the cornerstone of the i data centre, which, as a network device, has a matching relationship with the ai chip. The number of single exchange ports directly determines the maximum number of gpu cards that can be accommodated under the structure.
The maximum number of gpus under two fat trees is p2/2 and the maximum number of gpu under three fat trees is p3/4. Using 64 port switches as an example, the ratio of gpu to switches under two layers is 1:0.047.
2) As the number of gpu cards that can be accommodated depends directly on the number of switches, the exchange capacity = number of ports x port rate x 2, assuming that the single port rate is constant, will be replaced by a larger number of switches for the construction of a larger gpu cluster.
The increase in the number of terminals will lead to an upgrade of the exchange capacity from 200g to 400g and 800g. The upgrade of the exchange capacity will lead to an increase in the unit price.
In the past, data-centre exchanges were mainly based on the ib network protocol built by Inveda, but the penetration rate was increasing.
As follows: 1) The Ethernet technology itself, the performance gap and infiniband are shrinking. Ethernet, through the rdma, gpu clusters, uses the Ethernet network solution based on the rsta 7800 switch, and the Infiniband network based solution based on the Great Daquantum2, both have excellent performances. 2) The mega-contribution of the centres is a major trend.
At the same time, once the ib network is built, the nodes are cumbersome and spread thin, open to ultranet ecology, and there is a high tolerance for component damage.
The year exceeds the ib penetration rate. In the medium and long term, we think that the industry’s next big point is the accelerated penetration of the scale-up domain by exchanging the data centre with the Tainet.
According to Lightcounting, the size of the 2024 scale-up area exchange market has exceeded the sum of the Ethernet and the infiniband (i.e. the scale-out area exchange market). The current network agreement for the scale-up area exchange is based on private agreements (e.g. Nvlink of the UK Welda, Hccs of China).
As follows: 1) In contrast to private agreements such as nvlink, the T-net has the advantage of being open, and in the case of an Angveda chip or will face an embargo, the E-T-net is a necessary route to achieving interconnection of chips within a supernode in the country. 2) In terms of cost, the scale-up and scale-out use of the same E-T-net would save the net card and increase the efficiency of network transmission.
Lower-lying customers, such as large Internet plants, have been building supernodes. For example, the Eth-x supernode series, led by the Chinese Institute of Information and Communications Technology, was designed to build high-bandwidth areas using Tainet technology and to create a large multigpu interconnectivity cluster, and the first global open-connected supernode prototype was shown in April 2025.
3.2. The company is expected to take the lead in creating the white box exchange business in the scale-up domain, where the company’s exchange revenue is mainly contributed by Xinhua San, a subsidiary. With the share of the industry in the company’s announcement and the size of the Chinese market for the idc exchange, we calculated the Xinhua three data centre exchange income in 2022/2023.
30.8.28.8 billion yuan. According to idc data, the second largest share of the corporate data centre switch in 2024, we calculate that Xinhua ' s data centre revenue in 2024 will be greater than $4 billion ... . > 37.6 per cent of the increase in the same year.
The market’s central concern about Xinhua’s Xinhua III exchange business lies in its ability as a traditional switch brander to adapt to the Internet’s big white box exchange model. According to the sharp network data centre switch revenue, the Internet’s Internet traffic switch revenue ratio, and the number of fast network announcements,
Based on idc data, the Internet industry accounts for 67% of China’s data centre exchange market, which is the dominant force in the data centre exchange market.
Figure 37: The Internet industry accounts for 67 per cent of the domestic DX market, while the white boxer ' s share of the data centre switch industry in the scale-out area has increased rapidly, putting competitive pressure on traditional switch branders, behind which downstream Internet customers use third-party open source platforms to self-research switch systems.
According to 650group, the top three suppliers of the global scale-out domain exchange are celeestica, nvidia, and rista. The share of the pure white box exchanger, represented by celestica, has grown rapidly since 2023.
The pure white box exchange provider provides only the hardware component based on standardized components, while the traditional brand exchange components, such as operating systems, services and others, with higher thresholds, are provided by customers or third-party software providers, so that the pure white box vendor has lower gross interest rates. We compare the profitability of arista and IQT with a Maori rate of about 60% higher than that of arista.
20% of accton's high-profit capacity is derived from its eos operating system, which is a key competition for arista based on the sonic open-source switcher operating system, the domestic Internet main plant running a self-research switch, and the operator also having a self-researched switchboard system. The mode of cooperation between the switchboard and Internet customers has evolved from jdm to cm, essentially A.
We believe that this shift in business model will bring about: 1) the profitability of the data centre switch industry closer to the white box vendor. The white box switcher is roughly equal to the brand exchange’s hardware acquisition cost if the client develops the software system, the switcher.
With the supply of white box hardware, the Māori ratio will be closer to that of the white boxer. 2) The core competitive elements of the scale-out data centre switcher shift to the scale effect of the manufacturing end. Since the entry barriers to pure hardware are lower than the switch system software, we believe that the core competitive advantage of the switcher will shift to the manufacturing end, including the large-scale production capacity and cost of the revenue end
In response to market concerns, we believe that the company’s future switchboard business will have three: 1) Internet clients, and that the company’s early layout of the Internet white box-to-box track is expected to benefit from industry growth.
According to the company announcement, since 2022, the company has been investing in the development of the white box switch and has been involved in competitive bidding for the project, with a rapid increase in the share of the white box switch on the Internet. (2) With the exception of the Internet large plant, most non-Internet customer exchange systems have relatively weak self-research capabilities and are still dependent on them.
Switches suppliers do relevant research and development, provide transport support, and pure white box switches have less experience in software development and do not provide follow-up, which may make it difficult in the short term to access this segment of their clients. Therefore, traditional exchange branders like Xinhua are expected to continue their professional advantages, such as switching systems.
Xinhua is the provider of the ict-wide solution, and the company will be able to re-use its customer resources in the non-Internet customer market.
Business clients, such as servers, switches, etc., overlap, so a company ' s multi-product matrix can increase the matching value of a single customer and improve the efficiency of sales. (3) With the experience of the one server business, the company is expected to take the lead in the scale-up field.
The scale-up field Ethernet switch is still in the initial stages of exploration, and we believe that the scale-up field switch has higher barriers to entry than the Nvswitch switch in the English Welda, and the scale-up field switch is used to connect gpu to gpu, so we think the switch provider needs to have some chip interconnectivity.
A private agreement like nvlink is used to meet customers’ needs for multi-ai chips. The company is a member of the supernode Eth-x, Ariels, and mobile oisa in China, which promotes the use of Ethernet on scale-up.
We believe that the advantage of Xinhua's scale-up supernode over other exchangers is that it is a server business. We think that companies, as leading firms in the domestic switchboard industry, can take the lead in making a breakthrough in the scale-up domain.
And entry barriers determine the overall profitability of the industry. So the scale-up domain switch will not only lead to a further expansion of the ultranet exchange industry, but will also lead to an upward recovery of the exchange’s Māori ratio.
They see that Xinhua's third-class leading producers have taken the lead in making a breakthrough in the scale-up domain, based on the experience of the Xinhua server business. A breakthrough in the research and development of the major factory scale-up domain switches will be the next major catalyst for the switchboard.
4.1. Aipc’s penetration accelerated with policy-catalysing demand, and its distribution industry recovered with an annual market size of 1430 billion yuan, an increase of 3.6 per cent over the previous year, an increase of 5.8 percentage points over the previous year, and a return to a warming trend. In 2024, China’s pc produced 39.7 million units, a reduction of 4 per cent compared to the previous year.
2% positive growth, industry turning point. Chart 45: China’s pc market rebounded, and the volume stopped falling back in 2024, and the size of the industry broke out by 1430 billion yuan.
Its distribution recovery benefits mainly from two core drivers: first, aipc penetration has increased rapidly, and canalys data show that aipc penetration reached 20 per cent in 2024 and doubled from the beginning of the year; on the other hand, the State Department's "old-for-new" policy effectively stimulates consumer demand and is expected to recover from firms that provide sustained growth in the industry in terms of dynamic energy, distribution and supply chain services.
4.2. A steady recovery in the distribution business and the continuing strength of the supply chain is highlighted by the fact that the share in the purple light is the domestic leader of its distribution, which generated 29.29 billion yuan in corporate product distribution and supply chain services in 2024, a slight increase of 0.54 per cent compared to the two consecutive years of decline, ending the downward trend and returning to recovery paths with the industry.
The revenue from the purple shareit distribution business is largely contributed by its subsidiary, Purple Digital. Purple Digital, as the country's leading ict supply chain integrated service provider, has built a one-stop service system covering the entire industry chain, with a central strategy of “one main two-wing” (ict distribution, supported by smart logistics and supply chain finance).
The company’s distribution business is expected to be repaired by the continuous release of policy dividends such as “new” and “new” policies, so that it can access more services and solutions (e.g., the nvidia virtual gpu aid smart inspection of the Southern grid).
Operation of brands such as apples and millet, covering platforms such as Skycats/Kingdong; development of campuses, cross-industry resource integration, online and offline co-management.
New digital retailing (e.g., Purple-Glowed Apple Ecology) Intel Products Networking Synth, providing customized mrs/rk development packages for smart education, retailing, community, etc., joint odm/isv build-up of living wisdom programme
(oms/wms/tms) Internet lending, credit lending and short-term liquidity.
Rapid online approval for 10,000 plus supply chain partners, relying on group credit ratings to lower SME financing thresholds, business factoring, trade finance, and large-source data-based financing services.
ict infrastructure and services: The company focuses on providing an integrated solution for the Intelligent Center, whose main business revolves around service servers and switchboards. The company’s assets are expected to continue to be released in the future, as a result of the growing demand for arithmetic brought about by the wave, the expected increase in capital spending by tourists, including large domestic Internet plants.
Since 2022, the Division has invested in white box development, and the Internet white box ratio has increased rapidly. Instead of Internet clients with no switcher to self-research capabilities, companies are expected to leverage their brand-suppliers, maintain high profitability, and reduce sales costs by reusing customer resources.
In the medium-to-long term, we look forward to a breakthrough in the company’s ability to re-establish access barriers, based on the experience of the one-server business. In combination, it distributes its products and supply chain services: the company is a core partner of global-renowned IT manufacturers, such as Hewlett-Packard, Dale, Union, and British-Weeda, and continues to consolidate the industry with stable core teams and mature supply chain systems.
The country’s IT distribution market has undergone a phased adjustment, accompanied by aipc penetration upswing demand, and a recovery in China’s IT distribution market in 2024, stimulated by the State Council’s “old-for-new” policy. We expect the company’s revenues from this business to be offset by internal consolidation: the internal merger of purple shares is mainly related to sub-national ict operations, as the plate is located within the group.
The Ministry’s resource consolidation involves a larger number of related transactions (such as the sale of products and services to the interior), which in the consolidated statements are subject to offsetting of income and cost. We believe that the offset ratio will continue at the established level over the next three years, with the overall offsetting scale.
In September-December of the year and in the first quarter of 2025, the financial cost of the debt was higher. At the same time, when Xinhua’s 30% shareholdings were cut, HP had the right to sell Xinhua’s remaining 19% shareholdings to the company as of the first 16 months after Xinhua’s 30% shareholdings were handed over.
It is not as fast as expected to go to Hong Kong: the company plans to go to Hong Kong, and we believe that going to Hong Kong will help the company to reduce the cost of financing and supplement the cash flow through direct financing. But the risk of going to Hong Kong is not as fast as expected.
Inventory impairment risk: Although we believe that the supply of ai chips is inadequate in the current market, that there is less risk of a company ' s inventory being impaired, that the price of the goods falling is ready for future or will be reversed, due to fluctuations in the price of ai chips, there is still a need to be vigilant about the impairment associated with the high stock.
Risk of shortage of chip supply: companies are more dependent on upstream ai chips, high-end switch chips, and short upstream chip supply will affect the company’s business performance. Market competition increases: pure white box hardware manufacturers will either increase competition for the Internet industry’s white box exchangers and the industry’s limited profitability
The development of the scale-up domain is not progressing as expected: the current scale-up domain is dominated by private network agreements such as nvlink, hccs, etc. There is uncertainty about the success of the thanet to accelerate penetration, and attention needs to be paid to the progress of scale-up domain R&D.