China ' s ships (600150.sh) have lost their ships, their profits have been slightly lower than expected, and they continue to move on with the ship ' s life cycle.
Chinese ships publish annual reports for 2022 and a quarterly report for 2023. In 2022, companies lost much of their business in terms of both the outbreak and the pontoon.
Market data: On April 27, 2023, the larger impact of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic affected the company ' s ship delivery in Shanghai. In addition, in 2022, the company undertook two large cruise ship projects, owing to the great engineering and technical complexity of the system, leading the project.
Highest/minimum in year: Inexperienced submanufacturing and difficulties in sunk cost control, among other factors, resulting in higher losses, 2022 circulationa/total equity (billions):
Annual savings of $3.943 billion offset against the market value of the transfer subsidiary ' s ship power control and the international parcel replenishment of the wide ship ' s international plota share (billions): non-recurrent gains and losses amounting to $2,920 million after the settlement agreement. The company ' s first cruise ship is now about to come out.
The second cruiser is expected, the company plans to take a light load after loss, and a quarter of 80 million dollars in non-recurring gains and losses, returning to normal levels, while selling the Māori rate Basic data: 31 March 2023
The long-term cycle is accompanied by a build-up of productive capacity, with the full benefit of the ship-building industry. As a result of the long service of ships in the 15-20 years, the industry has been at the bottom for many years since the last ship-building cycle since 2000, and according to data from the clarksons, the number of active global ship plants fell to 373 in 2022, a 63 per cent decline from the 2008 high point on the same date.
Global capacity has been cleared up, and the concentration of production in the head has increased. As the volume of new ship orders has grown significantly, the capacity of ship-to-ship firms has not increased rapidly for short periods of time, the prices of products have increased, the supply has been delayed Shipbuilding has been completed, new orders have been placed and hand-held have accounted for 43.5 per cent of the world total, respectively, in terms of heavy tonnage.
Lee Koo-chung, 62.9% and 50.8% are the first in the world. The company, as the leader of our shipbuilding industry, will benefit fully from the boom, the market for sellers whose capacity is in short supply and enhances the certainty of performance.
The 14th Five-Year Plan continues to emphasize the modernization of the Navy, the transition from near-sea defence to distant-sea defence, and the South China Sea will accelerate as tensions between China and the United States continue. The company will take over most of the domestic military ship construction needs, completing the Fujian carrier in 2022.
The strategic reorganization continued, with platform effects. In 2019, the company completed the "North-South merger."
With the reform of the company in 2022, Chinese technology and technology in the company’s listed company in 2023 are pushing ahead with China’s sea suit, China’s China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China
Wind and power asset mergers and acquisitions. The China-China Shipping Group has done well in recent years in the reform and strategic restructuring of State enterprises, and has achieved good synergies between branch operations, restructuring, and listing platforms, which are expected to contribute to a steady increase in the quality of assets and to the continuous upgrading of value-creation capabilities.
The price of steel is down, the orders are full-blown, and the supply and demand sides are expanding the profit margin. In 2022, company workers \triangleright visited China and signed 16 more container ships with a total price of $21 billion.
The price of new ships has been rising since 2026 or even later. At the same time, since April 2023, the composite price index for iron ore and steel has fallen to $870 per ton and 115 by the end of April 2023, with returns of 10% and 5%, respectively, over the first quarter, and the company’s year-long profit space is expected to open further.
China’s ships, as a core platform for the overall loading of ships, will also benefit from the continued advancement of domestic reforms and the acceleration of the consolidation of the assets of the China Shipping Group. We believe that the company’s future three will continue to grow.
The annual performance is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, with a reasonable basis for the projected net return of Chinese ships for the period 2023-2025. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I will not be compensated, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status, or trust in the practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.