I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Hold(down) surging pargelvolumeweighson profitmarginins targetprice
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, incomewereinlinewithextactions. webelievehatthecompany'strategyto leverageone-commerceparcestoacheveconomiesofcalehaslevelevedoff.
The company'sself-operationmodelwillweighonitsprofit hanboxu 33.6x2020ep/e, higherthanpeers.downgradohold.
• 19revenueandadjusticenetincomeline.in4q19, parcevolume increased49.0% yoy, 26.2 ppboveindustryaverage.annualparcelvolume forfy19, revenueincreased 23.4% yoytorm122.2bn, inlinewith
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that, but you're going to be able to do it.
It's about 17.42%, decreaseof0.50pptyoy.aspercentofvenue, laborcost.
Increated 0.41 pptyoy, transportcostincreased0.20 pptyoy, and another applicationcostsdecreased0.10 ppttyoy.weblievethatthecompany's strategyteverageone-commerceparcestoacheveeconomiesofscale
The company's own-operation model will weighonits profitmargins.
I mean, I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, businesswilldeveloperacidly.revenueofthecompany'ssupplychain busyessincreased 11timesoyduetoconsolidationofhlsincemar. (2)releaseofconsumptiondemandasdomesticepidemiceases.(3)decline.
Noilprices. valuation.forfy20e,weexpeculationthecompany'sparcelvolumewillellillicrease torrent1.37.weadjustpuptorm47.79.ourtphorespondsto35x
I don't know what you're talking about, peers.downgradetohold.
Audit: pwc relatedreports taightreinoncosttooffsetasp
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Orisser; and (2) nopartofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe, directlynordirectly, relattothepicviewsexressedbythatanalyst inthisreport.besides, theanalystconfirstothertheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefininedin thecodeofconductissed by thehonkongsecuities)
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's.
I'm sorry, coveredinthisreport.
:stockisnotradedbycms outperform mark-perform
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
Thevalueof, andreturnsfrom, anyinvestanightgueranteedandmayfluctuateasalesultooftheirdepandenceontheperformanceofforceofforceofforceofforceofforceofunderunderlifeliferablemarketactors. andbisremendsthatavers
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
If you're going to be in a state of emergency, you're going to have to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The publicsreflection has a different meaning. These publics have a different meaning, point-of-viewandanalytical methhodswhencompiliation.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do something about it.
I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
In the case of the specialtiesandfuturesact (cap.289), the bisgacceptslegalresposiabilityfortheconcentsocentsocentorsuchpersonlyto the extenrequiredbylaw.singareccipientssouldcontactandbisgat+656350400formattersattersarisingfrom, orinconneactionwiththeotherport.