The pace of business growth and the pace of transition in integrated logistics accelerated.
In 2019, the company earned $112.2 billion, an increase of 23 per cent, a net gain of $5.8 billion for the mother, a gain of 27 per cent and a net gain of $4.2 billion, an increase of 21 per cent. In 4q19, the company earned $33.4 billion, an increase of 31 per cent, a net gain of $1.5 billion for the mother, a decrease of 6 per cent and a net gain of $70.0 billion for the mother, an increase of 5 per cent.
The economy is a major growth engine for traditional Express operations, with revenue of $26.9 billion/+32% yoy, while the result is revenue of $56.5 billion/+6% yoy.
In particular, the q4 single-vote revenue drops by 17%, reflecting the continued strength of the company’s economy business at the Double 11 and Double 12 electric utility shopping festivals. We believe that the preferential package, while lowering the combined unit price of the company’s express delivery, is in the long run beneficial to the company’s ability to further leverage the model effect and spread the cost of the individual items.
In addition to the traditional courier business, the company’s new business achieved income of 23.9 billion yuan/+39% yoy in 2019, rising from 18.9% to 25.6%, and the integrated logistics transition strategy accelerated further. Of this, the fast-moving business continued to grow at a high rate, with tax-free revenue of 12.7 billion yuan/+57% yoy.
In the sixth half of the second half of 2019, cumulative volume of goods increased by 229 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a single day of up to 11,000 tons. Supply chain operations achieved a high rate of growth (4.9 billion yuan/+1125 per cent yoy) following operations in the Great China region in March with a double-digit increase in revenue from dhl3-December, leading the supply chain market.
\triangleright’s operating costs in 2019 were $92.6 billion/+24% yoy, and the single cost was $19.1/-1% yoy.
Slip. Split down cost structures, single ticket transportation, labour costs by 12/22 per cent each, and bill outsourcing cost increases (+9 per cent) compared to 1. Flexible holdings (002352): diversification of input periods, wind products, supply chain operations or second-growth curves for companies over the medium to long term
We observe that, in the context of the current upgrading of macroeconomic structures, we have high levels of electronics, computers, telecommunications, etc. 2. Cozy Holdings (002352).
The value added industry is entering a fast-growing phase, and the demand for supply chain logistics outsourcing is increasing among the firms involved. And it has benefited from corporate investment in technology, infrastructure, and the acquisition of supply chain assets, such as Dunwood, our logistics service providers.
We believe that there is still significant scope for expansion in the B-side supply chain operations, especially after the future Hyo State airport, where the company’s transport network is more efficient and further expands its supply chain customers by taking advantage of the geographical advantages of Lake North. We expect that the preferential matchmaking operation will continue with the company’s single-volume growth rate, with a further increase in the company’s market share over the past 20 years.
New business expansion has not been as anticipated; the price war in the express market has intensified; capital expenditure has increased beyond expectations; and company financial statement data projections aggregate the airline's work on equity investments.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.