Three-time jobs (600031) reported mid-2023, a decline of 0.33% in the same year; the net profit on maternity was $3.400 billion, an increase of 39.07% in the same year.
In terms of cash flows, companies maintain a high level of repayment, with a net net cash flow of $1,972 million for 2023q2 operations, an increase of 93.09 per cent over the same period, an increase of more than 5 pct in the ring-up division, and an increase of more than 5 pcct in the big digs, with the largest share in the country.
The land mechanics account for $8.395 billion and the Māori rate is 22.07%, an increase of 1.16 pct from the previous year, which is the world’s first brand. The weight mechanics collection is $7.364 billion, with a Māori rate of 25.00 per cent, and a 9.33 pct increase from Piti. The company has more than 40 per cent of the domestic market and the medium-sized and large cranes.
The city is the country’s first largest. Roadside mechanics collect $7,364 million, company stalling is the country’s largest, with a rise in the number of rollers and flats.
The new product R & D aid company has expanded its market to Europe and America, bringing up 22 new products to market in Europe and America, expanding the coverage of the main distribution spectrum. In the large equipment segment, the company works to make up for large equipment products such as mine level machines, mine excavators, track cranes, etc.
More than 10 large equipment products are on the market.
In Indonesia, India II, and South Africa, smart manufacturing plants are starting to be built, and overseas manufacturing capacity will be further enhanced. The company is promoting the construction of intelligent manufacturing plants overseas in an orderly fashion, driving the tri-manufacturing layout around the world. The company is fully moving forward with excavating machines, loading machines, concrete machines, lift-ups.
Electrodynamics, electric excavators, electric pumps, etc. of machinery, surface machinery, etc. have started to be sold in bulk. 2023h1, the company has achieved more than 20 critical electrodynamic breakthroughs, completed the development of more than 50 electric products, and marketed over 40 electrodynamic products, with a clear core competitive advantage.
Investment proposals: The intellectualization of companies, the acceleration of the electricization strategy, the growing competitiveness of the core product, the reduction in the number of downstream projects if the amount of specific debt issued or issued falls short of expectations, will have an impact on the volume of sales of corporate products: (3) if the demand for domestic firms in the overseas market is reduced, it will be induced.
(iv) If the price of raw materials rises significantly, the company's performance will be subject to considerable pressure, “positive” investors will only be suitable for the use of “medium- and high-risk” studies at a risk level, and “radical” investors will be suitable for the use of our Division's various categories of individuals who have their own qualifications in securities investment consultancy or considerable professional competence, in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively known
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.