China's oil (601857.sh/00857.hk) performance nearly tripled in 17 years, maintaining a “holding” rating of the Oec cut-off agreement until the end of 18 years, improving international crude oil supply and demand relations, and moving crude oil central prices upwards,
In addition, domestic economic development has been growing steadily, and demand for hydrocarbon consumption as a whole has remained growing, with companies expected to continue to grow over 18 years, but maintaining a “holding” rating in view of current high estimates.
This is due to the fact that international oil prices have continued to warm for 17 years, with the North Haibrent and Wti crude oil prices at an average annual average of $54.19 per barrel, $50.79 per barrel, an increase of 23.9 per cent and 17.2 per cent, respectively, combined with a combination of multiple factors, such as a robust domestic economy and supply side reforms, most of the company ' s oil and gas production.
Prices rose and sales increased. Of this amount, the company sold 1,493,000 tons of crude oil throughout the year, the average price of crude oil was $2392 per ton, an increase of 27.2 per cent over the year, and the average price of natural gas was $1.236 per ton, with multiple effects leading to a decline in performance in the fourth quarter: according to the performance report, the company had four quarters.
Chemical installations are prepared for impairment, with operational profits realized by the chemical industry in the first three quarters of 17 years 109.37 Exploration and production
Billion dollars, a 27.2 per cent increase in the same year, but throughout the year, the chemical industry achieved $7.388 billion in operating profits, natural gas and pipelines fell by 35.5 per cent in the same year, and a large number of chemical devices were prepared to reduce their value by four quarters.
The loss on profits was 3,549 million yuan and 2,866 million yuan for the same period; the second was the continued loss on the sales of imported gas, with institutional investors accounting for a share of the circulationa, resulting in a net gain of 16,699 million yuan on the sale of imported natural gas in the previous three quarters, representing a corresponding gain of $6,120 million.
In 17 years, the goodwill involved by the Oil Pipelines Ltd. was impaired by RMB 3,709 million, the fourth being the decline in the combined Māori rate, a 3 percentage point decline in the combined Māori rate in April of 17 years to the upward movement of the international oil price hub, and exploration and production operations will continue to improve: the global economy is better, the United States is better.
Energy Information Agency eia has recently increased global crude oil production and demand by 18 and 19 years, in addition to the extension of the crude oil reduction agreement until the end of 18 years, the sustained recovery of international oil prices, the rebalancing of global crude oil supply and demand, the upward movement of oil prices and the recent Brent crude oil futures settlement price of 69.91
The United States dollar/barrell, which grew by 36.1 per cent in the same year, is expected to run at a relatively high level in the aftermath of oil prices.17 The company’s exploration and production business performed brightly in the year, achieving operating profits of $15,475 million, an increase of 392 per cent, the fastest growth in all operations, and the plate is expected in 18 years as international oil prices return.
Continue to work hard to promote a steady increase in performance throughout the year. 18 years of firm performance is expected to increase steadily, with expected “taking” payments (expected return; er) being maintained in view of the company's current valuation, as follows:
Figure: Trend in crude oil futures settlement prices
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified.