China Oil (601857.sh/00857.hk) performed less than expected, giving a “holding” rating to a company that issued an advance notice of 17 years of performance and expected to realize a net return profit over the same period as the previous year
Growth, however, was disproportionately affected by the lang increase, which slowed performance over 18 years, and we gave a “holding” rating. Four quarters performed less than expected, delaying performance throughout the year: based on a forecasted increase in corporate performance, the Division performed less than expected for the entire 17 years.
The sale and sale of natural gas and pipelines are profitable, while the sale of natural gas and pipelines resulted in a net loss of RMB 16.99 billion for imported natural gas and liquefied natural gas (lng), which represents an increase of RMB 6.42 billion over the previous year.
The impact, at a time, was a “gas waste” in the country, with an average price of 5405 yuan per tonne in the ng quarter, which is expected to be due to increased losses in the sale of imported natural gas and liquefied natural gas.
After more than two full years, there was a gradual recovery, with a 17-year average price of $54.76 per barrel of crude oil settlement, an increase of 21.42 per cent over the same year. The price of crude oil improved, leading to a loss in the company’s exploration and production operations, with the company’s profits from exploration and production plate operating in the three quarters of 17 years ago, for example.
In absolute and relative terms, exploration and production was the main driver of the company ' s 17-year performance growth. In addition, some of the small-scale production was withdrawn as a result of domestic supply-side reforms, three drops and a tightening of environmental policies.
After three to four years of depression in the chemical industry, the overall industrial climate began to improve, leading to an annual average price of $9642 per ton, an 8 per cent increase in the same year, sales volume, such as the company ' s 4.28 million tons of ethylene production in the three quarters of 17 years ago, an increase of 3.2 per cent in the same year, and a two-fold increase in the performance of the chemical industry.
The international oil price hub has moved upwards, corporate performance is expected to grow steadily over 18 years, the global economy has improved, the United States has decided to extend the crude oil production reduction agreement again until the end of 18 years, international oil prices have continued to recover, oil prices have moved upwards, and global demand for and supply of crude oil has rebalanced, with the latest issue of Brent crude oil.
It is also worth noting that the price of ng was $6164.8 per ton on 31 January, an increase of 98.36 per cent over the same period, and that winter heating requirements were phased out after spring, which may continue to affect performance in the first quarter of 18 years.
As a result, the company’s performance for 18 years is expected to increase, but the growth will be less than 17 years. Profit forecasting: given the underperformance of the 17 years and 4 quarters, our performance projections are revised downward and it is expected that 18 years of q1 will also have an impact as a result of the impact of the “gas shortage.”
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified for audit.