Tri-quarters 2021: Cost drags off performance, focussing on the benefits of earth price hikes and steel costs on October 31st, 2021
Research assistant Wang Chinyan is a rare-earth business that is more affected by electricity restrictions in the northern part of the world.
19%. Māori is mostly net profit because of a relatively small share of revenue from rare earth operations; hence we believe that downstream restricted production has a greater impact on the net profit of companies’ rare earth plates.
On October 28, 2021, the price of the oxidation plant was as high as 7.33 million yuan per ton.
After the National Day, the increase has exceeded 22% so far. In the medium and long term, downstream demand, particularly the continued high-intensity of new energy vehicles, change-of-frequency air conditioning, and the introduction of a quota system for rare earth supplies, with limited increases, especially in relation to the high-growth demand, the supply and demand gap is difficult to mitigate in the short term and the price of rare earth.
▪ Focusing on the possibility of a four-quarter cut-off in rare earth-related transactions. The company ' s bulletin of 8 March 2021 on the renewal of the deal with rare earth-related concentrates in the north: the parties agreed that the price of rare earth-related minerals would be set on a quarterly basis. The average prices in 2021 were q1, q2, q3 and October, respectively.
The year and a half reviews: rare-earth steel and steel – paying attention to the cost benefits of the steel industry in four quarters. The prices of power coal, coal, coke, iron alloys have fallen sharply in the recent past, and we expect that the steel end will be moved down significantly, while the supply end will remain controlled by production.
And the pressure to limit production in the warm season; we believe that the future steel profits are not only resilient in the medium term, but also more than expected, with a four-quarter upturn in the industry, with the potential for improvement next year, in the first and second quarters.
The value of the resources is revalued and the steel business is twice as good. Considering that the company’s rare soil and steel business are expected to improve significantly in the medium term, the company continues to maintain the company, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, and has a portfolio investment advisory.