Neptune (600406.ss) is expected to benefit most from the structural needs of China ' s smart electricity grid in terms of the scale and scope of its operations; for the first time, coverage is rated as buying (summary).
I don't know what you're talking about.
+86(21) 2401-8948
However, with sustained financial support, we expect that China’s grid investment (from the national grid) will reach its target. We also appreciate that the country’s main secondary equipment supplier, Nang Rui, is the most likely to operate on a scale and scope.
Ye Gue-chan benefits from China’s need for smart power grids. Solar and wind can make up 15% of China’s electricity structure. +86(21) 2411-8029 lbs.
After that, China’s smart power grid is at the cutting edge of transformational change, and the challenge of integrating intermittent and volatile renewable energy sources is becoming more acute, and may benefit from the growth in demand for artificially intelligent electricity. We believe that the revenue/net profits of the country’s electricity supply in 2024-30 is growing at a robust annual compound rate of 10/11%, up from 8% in China.
The company is likely to switch currents, valves, grid digitization, dispatch software, automated solutions, and svc/statcom systems and relay protection, taking into account the relationship between the country’s electricity grid and the country’s stable market pattern.
The secondary equipment sector maintains a strong dominant position (the market share is 34-70%). We expect a steady increase in profits and industry leaders in the country's tanning companies.
20 January 2025 Goldmansachs State Electric Swe (600406.ss)
I'm sorry, thesisinkeycharts chart 1: videovenaritechislikeslyoutperformoformowergridsgoforwarddridrivenbychinadodenicuhvandsmart gridbuilt-out
Figure 2: Weexpect2025achinapowergrídinvesmentby Figure 3: weblievegrídinveswillshiftfromcyclical
Quegridtorecordanewhihofrimb690bn, +13%you growthtoamulti-yearstructraltrenddrivenbytheintakeof slightlyaboveitstartoffrb650bn
Renewables, withemphasisonuhvfirst, thenshiping to china'spowergridvesmentbystategrid smartgrids
"China'spowergrivendmentbreakdownbygrovethdrivers chinapowergridrivevesreferstoinvestementmadebythestategrid 2025."
Goldmansachs State Electric Swe (600406.ss)
Diigitalization, flexibletsmission&relayprotection benefitting fromuhvinvendmentsandgridatautomations products, trivenbysmartgridinvesments
Chart 6: Naritechexcelesinkaleandscopetowards Chart 7:naritechistradingat 20x12-mforwardp/e, vs.its
I don't know what you're talking about.
Othera-sharepeers revenuebreakdownbydriversin 2023fornararchand capex; 2) sustainablelong-runrowthoutbook; 3) slightal
It's not like I'm going to have to do this, but I'm not going to do it.
20 January 2025 Goldmansachs State Electric Swe (600406.ss)
Goldmansachs countrywide (1): renewablesintakeasasastructural (600406.ss)
Tailwindtobedefenesecondaryequipmentmentmomost larketmayunderestimethelonger-termstainabilityofgridvestmentgroveth inourview, whichisoftenperactivedascycridrivenbypoliciesandproject
(ethicallyuhv)constructioncycle.aswediscussedinsourcereport, chinagredtech: gridtransformation: fromcylicaltostructural, webreeevichina'sgridnetworkson thevergeofundamentalshipandextpeltgroverenewablesin-takeinparticular
I've got 60% of the total population over 2024-2030e, withtotalgridrivesdowndown 8% of the datamartridrisingfrom 13.7% of the totalgridspendingto 16% of the total.
2030e, whichwillfocusonadvancedsystemstoregulate, dispatch, and process real-timetaforefectpowerment.china'spowergridsareeduchnewerthofoftheeu/us, however
We've got 15% of the total number of people in the world, and we've got 35% of the population in 2030e.germany's experience instructive: in 2011-2023, and 11% to 39% of the total number of people in the world.
Accordedbyafourfoldingridt &d (transmission and representation) investment (madebycompanieslicketenenetande.on).
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
Totalpowerconsumptionwillrisefrom 1.6% in2023 to 5% in 2030theitating group around 12%ofit.
"Chinapowergrívendmentreferstoinvesteeby thestategrid 20 January 2025 goldmansachs
Figure 12: China's grideliability (intermsoversionoutage)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
11% in2023to35%in2030e china/us/germanyaveragepoweruserhoursandchina chinapowermentmixchange, 2008-2030e
Chart 15: Germany'sgridcapexnearlyquadrupover 2012-2023, Drivenotby comptiongroveth, butlatively fromthemekix_reaseofsofolarandwindaswellasgrid
{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}From 2012to goldmansachs January 20, 2025
It's the biggestriverforpowergridvendelligent infrastructturesthemoothinthemooth developmentofrenewableenergyandrielibilityof
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, gridjusticesysystems. coalpoweristheprimarilytoolforfreexibility, managingpeaks and troughsinrenewableoutput.nariteoffersrenewergeneraturecontrol solutionsthattedgrateadvancedsystemstemslikeagc, avc, and ffrtoensurefrequencency
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Accurateforeastingofrenewablesoutput, supportedbyadvanceddispatchsystems, enhancesgredeliability.naritech'sflagshipproducesbeenopen 2000since establishment, andhasadominantposition (70-80% markshare) inivelevelsof
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it, and we're going to be able to do it.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, but I'm going to be in the middle of something.
svc (staticvarcompensator)/statcom (staticsynchronouscompensator) in the smartsubstances. smartdistribution
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's going to do it, but you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you's going to do it, and you're going, and you're going, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you're doing, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and everything, and everything, and you know, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and everything, and,
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it, and we're going to be able to do it, and we're going to be able to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to be able to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it.
I don't know what to do with it, but I'm not sure if it's true, it's true.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
20 January 2025 Goldmansachs State Electric Swe (600406.ss)
Keychangestoregridandtheeeasonsbehind thechange wealsoextactdistributionnetworldinvestmentstorestermentover 2024-30e, 56%oftotalin
2024eto 59% in 2030e.thisshiftisdrivenby: theneedtomoderizerlocalgradsto Handledistriedergyresources(s), suchasroofopsolarandergyrystlessystems; expansionofmicridsandancesstoacmodatetheincmodatetheincreased
We've got a lot of work to do. We've got a lot of work to do. We've got a lot of work to do, and we've got a lot of work to do.
State electricity (600406.ss) and reduceouturats, alligning with theneedforhiger-qualitylevelsubpply. Chart 17: Weexpectdistributionstoincreaseasa
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of the night, but I'm going to be in the middle of the night, and I'm going to be in the middle of the night, and I'm going to be in the middle of the night, and I'm going to be in the middle of the night, and I'm going to be in the middle of the night, and I'm going to be in the middle of the night, and I'm going to be in the middle of the night, and I'm going to be in the middle of the night, and I'm going to be in the middle of the night, and I's going to be in the middle of the night, and I's going to be in the middle of the night, and I's going to be in the middle of the night, and I'm going to be in the middle of the night, and I's going to be in the middle of the night, and I's going to be in the middle of the day, I's and I's going to be going to be in the middle of the day, I's and I's and I's gonna, I's gonna be going's gonna be going to be, I's all, I'
20 January 2025 goldmansachs
State Electric Service (2): 2025 egridvesmenttostaystrom butweareslightlyabovestategrid'starget
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
i.e., in2008-09and2015-16.theweltilwindframemanagementupgrade, as "implementationplanforlage-scale equipmentupgradesinkeyergyareas"aimstoincreasecasescaleeofenergy
690bn, weestimate 44% goestowardstrandmission investment (16%hvand 27%hv) and 66% todistribution. goldmansachs
State Electrics (600406.ss) intermsofthefast-growingschemin 2025e, bebelieveitwillbeuhvtransmission investments.weexpectuhvendmenttogrove 43/13% yoyin 2025e/26asproject
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
(the processfromenmentalassessment, approval, Budgeing, design, to constructiontypicallytakes 3-5 years), totvent the curtailmentissueofwindand solar.at the 2025 nationalenergyworkconferenceference(dec15, 2024,link), China
Announcedplanstoprioritheeapprovalandconstructionofeveralkeyuhv projects in 2025, including corridors Fromwesternermongoliatobeijing-tianjin-hebeei, southeasttibettothetethegreaterbayaya, Gansu'sbadainjaranderserttosichuan,
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Goldmansachs State Electric Swe (600406.ss) Chart 22: amongthe15-16uhvlinesnedforsolladrand
I'm sorry, my friend, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, man. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
15-16uhvlines, relyingonylinesalreadyintheinstalledbase, andtenadditional newlines (sevenlinespendingapproval).
The stategradhas alsoannouncedreserve projetsoffaclineandninedclines, whichwebelieveewill
2025e. goldmansachs, 20 January 2025.
Ontopofuhvrowth, naritechwillalsobeneftromthepenetrationofvvsc-hvdc, whereweforeastrelayproteactionandfllexibleransmissionrevenuesegmentmenttodeltier coordination, stateegridhostsprimaryandsecondsecondsecurityation.i
Wethinkthemomentumoftrongrevenuecognitionmastaininto 2026-27e.nariteoffersconfervalvevesforuhvprojects, WHOSESignificance
22% indclinesto 29% invsc-hvdclines. Incorporatedpenetrationofvsc-dc, the centralvalueforcontractualvetvespergw grows2.2xaveragecomparedtoanormaldcline, andnariteholdsadominant
Marketposition(c.49%) inbothcandvsc-dclines. goldmansachs
20 January 2025 Goldmansachs State Electric Swe (600406.ss)
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I've been working on it, and it's important to do so, and it's important to do so, and it's important to do so, and it's important to do so, and it's important to do so, and it's important to do so, and it's important to do so.
I don't know what I'm talking about, revenueissoftware-driven. ranking by theexpecedrevenuecacagrin2024e-30e, we griddigitalizationrevenue (23% offirmwiidein2024e) todeliver 13%cagr, supportedbygrowingbygridcompanies
I'd like to thank you for your cooperation with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (OHCHR) for your cooperation with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (OHCHR), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNICEF), the United Nations Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR), the United Nations Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR), the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR), the United Nations High Commissioner's Programme (OHCHR), the United Nations Office for Human Rights (OHCHR), the United Nations Educational
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
(b) Graduation: distribution/consumptionrevenue (14 per cent offirmwidein 2024e) to deliver 12 per cent Cagr, duothothecompliculationforformationlowandthe increasinguseofsmartmeters.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, gridautomation: dispatchreveue (9% offirmwidein 2024e)todeliver 8% capr, ascompulsibilitylows FromrenewableenergyintgrationDrawDiveproduce upgrades, totaliveslowergrovesprodactupgradesse202020202020life
I don't know what you're talking about, near the end. gridautomation: substrationrevenue (14% offirmwidein 2024e) todeliver 8% cagr, supportedbydedcontent (svc/statcom) tosubstance, aswellas
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, right?
20 January 2025 Goldmansachs State Electric Swe (600406.ss)
I'd like to thank you very much for your help, but I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like we're going to be in the middle of something like this, but we're going to be in the middle of something.
Goldmansachs (600406.ss) goldmansachs
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Naritechisaleaderiny projectcategories: in 2024, naritechhada 70% market shareindigitalizationsoftware, rankingno.1, talsohelda 53% marketshareindigitalizationhardwardware, rankingno.1; thelda 47% markshareforuhvconverter
valves, rankingasno. 1. Withinsubstendering, itelda 56 per cent/34 per cent/8 per cent Market shareinsvc&statcom/projectivelay/networksystemmentator, ranking no.1/no.1/no. 4.forsmartmeters, naritechhelda 5 per cent markshare, rankingno.1ina
I'm sorry, marettesharesormainedreactivelystoppastviews, reflectinga consistentcompetitiveland scavendhighlightingnarch'sledadvantages.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
On January 20th, 2025, goldmansachs tenderingoverviewandcompetionlandscapeofarch'sproducts
I don't know what you're talking about, naritech' sultimate contrallingshareholdethertegrídelectriburesearch institutute (sgepri, orriginallyestablibridedasthenjingautototoresearch institutute).
naritech'spant company, narigroup, wasfulfundedeastablishedbysgepri in 1993.in 2001, narigroupinitiatedthecommunicationsbrombingroup, includingthegriddivision (with flagshipproducts)
I mean, I mean, it's like the open 2000dispatchingsystem, thesystemcontrovisions (Knownforits substitutions) and the ultimate controlvision (whodeveloped destripated controlsystemsforothermalpowerplants).
a-sharemarketin 2003. Goldmansachs 20 January 2025
The state's naritech'sshareholdstructure naritech proposed tofernanruigroup'ssharetostategridelectricporereresearchinstituteondec23, 2024, butthetransferisnotfinalizediet.
20 January 2025 Goldmansachs State Electric Swe (600406.ss)
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not sure if I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy.
2015mar: Deepeningthereformoverecpowerssystem (documentno.9)was issuedtoestablishanopenandtransparentelecitymarketssystem. 2018jul:tree-yearaactionplanforbllueskydefensawasinsintrouded.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
2020sep: chinaspledtoachevecarbonneutralityby2060broughtfurtsomesupportforrenewableenergyandgridmodernization. 2021jun: ndrcannoncedthartStartingfromjanuary2022, newsonshorewindand
I'd like to thank you for your help, solarprojectswouldtransirationtogrid-paritypriitypricinginstables. 2022dec: nrdcandneajolyreleasedaroadmaptocelerate the developingofaunificeformity marketacretacrosschina.
I mean, the firstline coinsided with abroadermarketsell-offaligned with thecsi 300ndex downturn, while the secondcondanbackbutrenewableenergysubsidyphase-out
And concernsaoutthattantiontogrid-paritypricing.
State Electric Swe (600406.ss) Goldmansachs State Electric Swe (600406.ss)
By 2030 ecomparedto 2023, with itscontributionrising From 1%-2% to 3%-4%ofglobalpowerconversion.this
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Of nov2024acordingtoaicpb, securingtheno.2spotloballyanddailytokens reading 40trn (announcedonthe 2024volcananoengineforceconferenceondec18, 2024), byatedissuesettoembarkontonentsiveacacaexinvesmentmentinchinchinina (news).
I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
A finalcapexandapplicerainchina, Furthboostingpowermand.weblist Datacenters'contributiontoalpowerconsumptionwillrisefrom1.6%in2023to5% in 2030itatinggroup12%onaveragewithindatacenters.
However, technologicaladvancesmayincreatainmodeltrainingefficiency.for example, deepseek-v3, developedbychinesecompanyhuanfangquantitative, was launchedondec24, 2024isbasedonitsself-developedmixtureofexperts(moe)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
humanoidrobots, etc.)Yettocome. goldmansachs 20 January 2025
State Electric Swe (600406.ss) Goldmansachs State Electric Swe (600406.ss)
♪ We've got to go ♪ ♪ We've got to go ♪ ♪ We got to go ♪ ♪ We got to go ♪ ♪ We got to go ♪ ♪ We got to go ♪ ♪ We got to go ♪ ♪ We got to go ♪ ♪ We got to go ♪
I don't know what you're talking about.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm not going to be able to do it.
It's not like it's the same as it's the same, but it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same.
In 2030e, supported by the company'sforttolowersg&aexpenses.forroe, we projectnaritechtoimprovefrom 16.5% in 2024 to 18.3% in 2030, for other demonstratingssolidfinalforcecompared to themajorityofiesdomestic
I don't know what you're talking about, and internationalists.
I don't know what you're talking about.
If you're going to do it, we're going to have to do it again. We're going to have to do it again. We're going to have to do it again. We're going to have to do it again.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Capex: weforeastnarch'capextspendingtoberm1.7bnin2025e, mainly spendtowardsproductionupgrade, infrastructureandacontined spondingforigbt moduleproduction (theyplantoextpandtheigbtprodactioncapabilityfrom0.2mnunits)
. dividends: naritech'sdividendpayoutin2023was 60% (anincreaseversus 40%in goldmansachs)
State Electric Swe (600406.ss) Goldmansachs State Electric Swe (600406.ss)
We usea2025ep/evaluationmethodologytoderiveour12-monthtargetprincefornari tech, inlinewithourchinaindustriartechcoverage.ourtarget25x2025ep/multraple isbasedonapremiumshistoricapegaverageof1.7x (11% long-run)
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
At 18.3% and 1stquatileforcorciat 24.1%.additively, 40% of thecompanys revenuefallsinthecategolfsofofoftwarefveandthuswebelievevevaloulliond remblehoseoofthendrustrialsofwarecompanies (baosight, supcon, bochu, etc.).
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry.
Wethinknarch's valuationcouldexpandassedon (1) strong2025stategrid stretching; 2) toilestent, strongerdatacenterdemandtodrivevaluation
I don't know what I'm talking about, except.naritechistradingat 16x12-montforwardev/ebitda, vs.itshistorical avgof18.7xanddodesticpeers'averageof19.2x, vsoverseapers'averageof weatherignam&arankof3forororaritech, duetoitslargemarketacap, agreed
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
20 January 2025 goldmansachs
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
20 January 2025 Goldmansachs State Electric Swe (600406.ss)
Weeded 2025-26everageroeandcrofevernova 12-mforwardp/eforarchicpeers 12-mforwardp/eforrortechandoverseanders
12-mforwardev/ebitdaforrnaritechanddomesticpeers goldmansachs 20 January 2025
State Electric Swe (600406.ss) pricingisasofjan17, 2025close.ncstandsfornorotcovered. 1)weaker-than-expectedfiscalsupportandweaker-than-expectedstategrid
I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
If theydonoreisecapcatargetbymid-2025eliketeydidin2024, ortheydo notexceededtherannouncedcapexplan, gridinvesmentwillcolcomebelowour operations.wealsoextsortslongfiscalmuluspport, Suchasthopower
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do it.
2)uhvprojectapprovalpacemightfallbackheadsannouncedworkplan, i.e. undersix projectstartconstructionin 2025:uhvprojectapprovalsandconstructionrequire extensivecoordificationsmultipleprovinces, involvingoutationsonlanduse,
Ruting, Cost-sharing, whichcanbetime-consumingandcomplex.adversely, somehow environtalassementsandpotentialdelaysnottainingnecessarypermitsould Furthslowprogress, increasingthethelskoffoffallbackedprojectedproject
Startsolfsixlinesin2025e.fewer-than-expecteduhv projectsconstructionstartswill result-expeculationsrevenuecognificationforarch'sconfervalve goldmansachs
State electricity investmentthesis, ptrm investmentthesis
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
34%-70% marketshare.wearepositiveonnaritechasasastrucractulbetificaryof the incrementalinvestivestowardschina'spowergridmordernizedneds, ensuringa marter, more flexibleandmorereliablegrid, particullareasthellengesoffinding
10/11 per cent revenue/netprofitcagrover2024-30e, outperformingchina's gridinvesmentof 8 per cent cagrasthecompanies percibenefitsfromthe
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I've got a lot of work to do, but I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm thinking about it.
I'm sorry, arebuy-ratedonnaritech. prictorets&methodology our12-monthtargetpriceofmb29.0isbasedon25x2025ep/e.keyrisksinclude 1)
) uhv projectapprovalacefallingehinditsannouncedworkplan.source: companydata, goldmansachsresearch children, factset.priceasof17jan2025close.
I, Ducie, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the company or its securities. Moreover, no part of my salary has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The Goldman Sachs elements outline evaluates the investment background of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with the market (i.e. our coverage) and comparable counterparts. The four main indicators are growth, financial return, valuation multipliers (values) and combinations (growth, financial return, valuation multiples). Growth, financial return and valuation multipliers are calculated using normal rankings for each specific stock indicator.
The growth indicator is based on the expected increase in the sale of a stock, ebitda and per share increase in profitability (financial units use only per share and sales increase), with higher percentages indicating faster growth. Financial returns are based on the expected net asset return of a stock, rose and croci (financial units use only net assets returns), with higher percentages indicating higher financial returns of a company. Valuation multipliers are based on the expected market surplus of a stock, net market rates, stock prices/equity, v/ebitda, v/fcf, v/dacf (ev/debt-adjusted cash flow) (financial shares use only market surpluses, net market rates and equity/equity rates).
A higher percentage indicates that the value of the company is many times higher. The combined status percentage is the average of the growth percentage, the financial return percentage, and (100%-valued hundreds).
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of acquisition of certain companies. We then rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of a company becoming a M & A (30-50%), two of which represents a medium probability (15-30%) and three of which is a lower probability of Qantum.
Quantum is a highly specialized database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single company or for stock ratings compared to naritechnology among companies in different industries and markets as compared to other companies within the scope of their research: avicjon, best, bochu, crrcorp. (a), crrcorp. (h),centrestingintlgroup, estunautomationco., faratronic, hcfa, hatiaan internationalholdings, ha'slatertechnology, hangketechnology, etc.
Longfatechnology, kehuadataco., leadinelligent, leaderharmoniousdrivesystemsco., lusterlighttechco.,mons'electric, nari technology, natongjianghaicapacitorco., optmachinevisiontechco., Ponytesting, raytrontechnology, shanghaibasightsofwareware, sheenzhenhenvicooltechnoroy, shenzhenheninovancetechnologco., shenzhenkstarsciance&tech, shuanghuan
Driveline, techtronicindustries, wahanraycusfiberlasertech, yihedaautomation, zhejjangsupcontechnologyco., zhuzhoucrctimés electricco. (a), zhuzhoucrctimeclectricco. (h) Statutory disclosures relating to companies