New materials in the North are now under pressure to improve the layout of the channels and lay the foundation for development.
In 2022, companies sold 2093 million square metres, equivalent to 12.0 per cent, with the city accounting for about 68.1 per cent of the industry.
Steady. The company's gypsum plate flat sum of $2.27, an increase of 5.2%, and the company's leading position and strong bargaining power enabled the gypsum price to rise successfully to cover the cost increase. The company's light steel bone business gross interest rate was 18.9% and 0.5 pct; and the waterproof rolls rate of 17.3% and 10.1 pct, mainly.
The company has increased its efforts to develop new products, and has continued to promote the “paste-plus” business; and has continued to optimize the layout of the channels and increase its efforts to expand the country’s rural and household loads.
Selling operations, raising the share of the emerging blue sea market, such as urban renewal and consumer upgrading, and accelerating the shift of major products to consumer-type building materials. The international layout of corporate operations is also steadily moving forward.
Waterproofing operations affect corporate cash flows, higher prices of raw materials are higher than expected, and demand boosts are poor.
Construction materials: first, a small decline in the company's performance, with significant impairments; net cash flows from operating activities amount to $3.66 billion, or 4.4 per cent; q4 net cash flows from operating activities amount to $2.16 billion, or 13.9 per cent.
The overall performance of operating cash flows remained relatively robust. The Māori rate, net interest rates, declined slightly in 2022, and the cost rate remained relatively stable over the period: in 2022, the company combined Māori rate was 29.2 per cent. In 2022, both the company Māori rate and net interest rate decreased slightly, but the NPV rate of 2204 was increased by the same year.
Fitch impairment loss. Non-recurrent corporate gains and losses in 2022 consisted mainly of assets disposal gains of $478 million, a significant increase from the previous year
In 2022, the company ' s cardboard/light steel bones/waterproof tar rolls received 67.0 per cent/12.6 per cent/10.8 per cent of the total, and the Māori rate for the company ' s three main gypsum and light steel bones was relatively stable, with a significant decrease in the Māori rate for the water-resistant rolls.
Billions of square metres, or 12.45% less: company cast boards produce 2,095 million square metres, or 13.53% less: cast board sales of 2,093 million square metres, or 5.2% higher, and the company maintained relative stability in the cardboard business with its leading market position and strong bargaining power in the face of rising costs. Māori for light steel skull operations was 18.94% and 0.51 ptt, basic stability; Māori for water-resistant asphalt rolls.
Vibration, co-stamping of costs and demand at both ends, led to a significant decrease in the Māori rate of company water-resistant rolls.
It's a cast plate, a light steel dragon bone, waterproof tar rolls.
= Waterproofing works Chart 7.2022 High asphalt prices, waterproof operations cost burden Chart 8.2022 Weak completion data and low downstream demand
The `One Wing' strategy continues to evolve, and channels are being improved. Corporate channels and products continue to improve, with downward pressure on traditional areas, laying the foundation for sustained development. In 2022, companies continued to optimize their channels, actively increasing the number and variety of channels around `higher vertically and more horizontally' and promoting `one wing'.
The company has accelerated the transformation of its main products into consumer-type construction materials, and has stepped up its efforts to expand its municipal, domestic and petty sales operations, taking advantage of opportunities to boost the share of the emerging blue sea market, such as urban renewal, renovation of old houses, and consumption upgrading, which has contributed to the second-generation renovation. Meanwhile, the Department’s international operations are steadily moving forward, Tanzania’s base has grown in performance, and projects in Uzbekistan, Thailand, etc.
The “One Wing” strategy continues to advance. With regard to the cardboard business, the company has continued to promote “paste-plus” operations, such as cast-plate ceilings, wall-blocking systems, to increase the development of new products, to promote new products such as dragon-plate gold-plate, clean-plate, and to develop and develop a building block-to-house configuration.
In 2023, the company, through self-development and joint restructuring, will steadily advance its paint business and make specialized paints. Waterproof operations affect the company’s cash flow, higher raw materials prices are higher than expected, and demand recovery is weak.
Figure 10.2022q4 Summary of performance table