New materials in the north (000786.sz) Annual report 2022, operating revenue of $19.934 billion in 2022, improved real estate data, and spathetic boards are expected to grow in 2022 for corporate cardboard operations.
In 13,365 million yuan, a decrease of 3.02 per cent over the same year; sales of cast boards amounted to 2,093 million flats throughout the year; this is appreciated: Jaya Emong, a percentage point. The cardboard capacity utilization rate is 64.29 per cent, a decrease of 13.94 per cent from last year.
Interns: Liu Yiu Quang, fuel cost increases, company product price increases cover cost increases, revenue decreases are much lower than sales, showing the company's strength in the industry.
Add 0.51%, which is almost the same as the previous year, and the income is expected to increase with the sale of the gypsum as a complement to the gypsum. The guarantee delivery is steadily under way, and it is expected that the 22-year delay in delivery will lead to a 23-year recovery, which will contribute to the growth of the gypsum camp.
As a result of the exhibition and policy support for activities in the rural areas of green building materials, it is expected that the gypsum will replace traditional high-energy, high-emission products for wider application and replication, and that the company gypsum will continue to grow in 23 years.
The upgrade of water-proofing standards provides an opportunity for the company to grow 3,145 million dollars in 2022, mainly affected by low downstream demand and the high international oil prices in 22 years. The inclusion of the Central African Institute for Water Protection in Suzhou will support innovation in new water-proof technologies in the North.22
The Ministry of Housing and Construction approved the first general regulation for the industry, which will raise the industry threshold to facilitate the growth of leading firms in reverse international business, and the corporate strategy will set off for another 22 years with foreign sales revenue of $153 million, an increase of 37.83 per cent compared with 37.83 per cent.
• Optimizing the location of the channels, transforming the products into consumer-type construction materials, sunk the channels, expanding the county, village and domestic retail trade, and strengthening the base of growth.
Industry Report: Building Materials January-February. Industry Data Review: Capital level steady, property completed and combined. Stereo-saturation marketing. Regional companies adjusted from 14 to 25, increasing the gap.
Dissimilar marketing, creation of a “paintboard plus” business, expansion of the new track.
There is a clear advantage in terms of the high-quality flagship’s valuation prospects and marketing channels. As the gypsum plus business expands, and as the `vertical building material' reports - new materials in the north -
+ transversal development, where the company's presence in the gypsum market is expected to increase further (000786.sz): In addition to the solid position of the gypsum taps, the upgrading of standards in the water-resistant sector will expand the water-proof market space and accelerate the concentration of the industry.
I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Wuhan University has started research in the construction materials industry in 2019, is good at industrial analysis, and has selected a bottom-up share.