New material in the north (000786). The castboard is the foundation. 23rd March 2023.
It's a brand-new industry, with more than 60% of the industry.
One billion yuan, a 23.39 per cent decline in the same year, and an eps of $1.86. 65 per cent of the company ' s total revenue, while producing and manufacturing light dragons, the share of business income is around 13 per cent.
The acquisition of waterproof materials led to the development of a two-wing paint business. Low demand and cost-stressing of the cardboard industry’s profitability levels remained stable, with a public price-fixing advantage.
The decline in the Division's operating income and net profits was mainly due to low demand and cost squeezes. Among these, the company's castboard business was the company's “one-wing” business, accounting for 67.04 per cent of business income in 2022 and 12.63 per cent of sales, representing a decline of 8.65 per cent.
The business Māori rate was 34.95 per cent, a decrease of 0.95 percentage points over the same period, while raw materials, fuel and stability were due to the fact that the company ' s overall price of the gypsum was still in reverse position at 52 weeks of stock price (in dollars) in the case of poor demand
Liquid assets are abundant, with fewer accounts receivable for waterproofing operations ready to go. The waterproof materials business in the 2022 2b model has a long payback cycle and is exposed to a real estate debt crisis, which increases the risk of return.
Receivables are mainly due from the waterproofing materials business, but the company ' s overall accounts receivable is small, with a further industry regulation introduced by the 2022 Circulation b/h (millions of shares) standard, which is favourable to the submersion of the waterproofing materials industry.
The company, the third in the waterproof materials industry, continues to optimize the layout of the cardboard business, and the expansion of waterproofing and coatings offers vast scope for business development. As the flagship of the cardboard industry, overseas layouts are still under way, projects such as those in Uzbekistan and Thailand are under way.
The country’s production-line layout is also being further optimized. Waterproof Materials has advanced 16 production-base plans, and in 2023 the company plans to accelerate water-proof business expansion, while moving forward with the development of the paint industry through self-construction and restructuring, achieving the company’s strategic objective of “one wing” and bringing new company formations.
Profit projections and investment ratings: We expect companies to be classified as net profits of their parent companies in 2023-2025, with a stronger industry position as the cornerstone of the company's development, while the rapid growth of the two-wing operations is based on new growth, maintaining a firm's “strongly recommended” investment rating.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the new material in the North (000786): the gypsum is based on a light-loaded reserve.
The source of the East's wealth and wisdom, the source of the East's wealth and wisdom, the new material in the North (000786).
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East is Zhao's own research. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, the specific recommendations or recommendations in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
New material (000786): The gypsum is based on a light-loaded reserve and does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.