The upper steam group (600104.sh) cars/cars-to-cars-to-cars, the new energy vehicle is strong and the level of Māori is rising steadily - the upper steam group (6001044).
• Performance meets expectations and sustains the momentum of high growth: corporate yields increased faster than expected in 2017, and net returns increased faster than expected. In the larger context of the overall cooling down of the car market in the last two years, companies have maintained high growth in the largest volume reversals in the market.
Reflecting the company’s integrity and high level of market recognition in the whole of its core business, and the fact that its input into “new quadrupling” technology and other innovative business is gradually yielding a return on its performance. The current brand new car cycle under the company’s umbrella has been a good response, with new business packages during the 13th Five-Year Period.
The Bureau has accelerated, and is expected to maintain a steady growth trend in performance in the future. • The Māori rate has increased steadily and the whole business has contributed significantly: the company has steadily recovered over the last three years, with the Māori rate rising to 14.41 per cent in 2017.
In addition, high Maori operations, such as financial and spare parts operations, have continued to grow at a relatively high rate. We believe that the high value added of the company’s rapid growth in the volume of new energy cars will further raise Maori levels in the future.
The layout of electricity, including autonomous technology research and development and joint ventures with the Ningde era and British Flying Stone, will continuously increase self-distribution rates for the three power components of new energy vehicles, and will provide some scope for profit growth.
In 2017, the most prominent section of the company's entire vehicle business was the Autonomous Brand, with the same speed of 62.27 per cent and 54.19 per cent of the total volume of cars and cars, respectively.
In 2017, sales accounted for an unprecedented 7.55% of total sales to the group, showing market recognition of the company’s development path on autonomous brands, and the difference in advantage. In the case of high volatility, the merger of light card brands in 2017 performed well, with a succession of mpv, mpv, mpv, mpv, mpv, and mpv.
Sov and the RV market. It is expected that, after the completion of the business adjustment period, Upton will start to function in a number of segmented markets, and will be able to expect a sustained high increase in the volume of high-volume sales in 2018.
Space. The current supply-side capacity of the company is sufficient to support future growth in market demand. The power utilization rate of the vehicle fleet has reached 96%, with the launch of the first phase of the Chengzhou base in 2018, with a strong momentum for a new 120,000-hour new energy vehicle and a new business layout:
It is worth mentioning that the ratio of pure electric passenger vehicles has risen from 6.19% last year to 34.03%, sales have increased 13.1 times the same, and the flash point has arrived. With the gradual maturity of the company’s three electric technologies and self-sufficiency of spare parts, it is expected that the pure electric passenger vehicle will be fast.
Mainstream, power-plugged cars back to the second ladder. The company now has more technology on its own brand, and new cars like the Glory Wings and the Powered Veterans zs will be launched in 2018, and are expected to be in the form of a blasted car. Watch the company's new powered cycle for new energy cars, and keep driving.
In 2017, the company's innovative business was well placed to focus on “new quadrupling” with partners such as the Ninder era, British Flying Stone, Wuhan Lights, tttech, etc.
Inputs are expected to be realized in the short term, with a faster increase in the company’s Māori level; the smart network technology layout will become a potential growth point for the company’s performance in the medium to long term. In 2018, another major business layout of the company may also be real, that is, a partnership with Audi.
Expanding, the structure of the new energy automobile product will also be well adjusted and may be one of the important drivers of corporate performance after 2020.