The company recently held a general meeting of shareholders and announced that the German public group had held the upper mass shares it held.
The domestic automobile industry has been growing at a slower pace, but, driven by rising consumption, luxury car sales have been growing fast. Upwards are expected to be a long-term growth point for companies.
The company, as industry leader, joint ventures and autonomous brand new products continue, and the market share is expected to continue to rise, with a high degree of certainty in performance growth, low valuations and high dividends, and is the preferred option for industry configuration. We anticipate that the rise in consumption and the increase in national production rates will drive the continued explosion of luxury cars.
The acceleration has affected the rapid growth of luxury car sales since 2016. With 10 luxury brands, we have a statistical caliber (more than 97% of the Luxury car market), and in the first quarter of 2018, 661,000 vehicles were sold, 21.4% more than in the same year, far higher than 4.5% of the narrow passenger car sales.
The same rate of growth. Ten luxury cars sold a total of 2.449 million (of which the Audi brand sold 598,000, ranked first in the country) by 2017, accounting for only 10 per cent of the traffic in a narrow sense, and there is much room for development in the future.
On January 26th, 2018, the uppercomer became the country's first car company with a cumulative output of 18 million vehicles, a large volume of production and sales, and a large amount of potential replacements for the uppercomer's products.
At the end of the day, the public is already qualified to produce and sell Odie’s products, and it is expected that the general public will gradually produce the Odysian model, and that it will be able to achieve a better level of sales and promote sustained growth in the company’s performance. Industry integration is the best option.
Industrial Investment Regulation (Advancement Draft) or the integration of the automobile industry. The Department, as a leader in the industry, has a strong competitive and market share, based on the market price of 26 June 2018.
An era of integration in the automobile industry is or will come, with the best option. The Upper Gas Group – a 15% increase in sales in May, industrial consolidation 1) increased competition and decreased sales and profit margins; and 2) significant increases in raw materials and labour costs.
Upper Steam Group - Steady Growth, External Disturbing
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting operations