The upper gas group released its annual report for 2017: $8.006 billion in 2017.
At the same time, the contribution of joint ventures to listed companies has declined marginally. The single-car price is 17q4 gross equity/flow (millions of shares)
Quarterly increase in the share of small-volume vehicle sales (affected by the withdrawal of the acquisition tax concession policy at the end of 17) Quarterly upgrade of the joint brand structure and accelerated growth of the autonomous brand.
The higher sales structure resulted from an increase in the sales of high-value bicycles, such as tourl, Leon, and Caddy Dillack (8.77 per cent). Moreover, the annual annual sales of cars increased by 62.27 per cent, far ahead of the joint venture brand (3.06 per cent, upwind mass sales).
Upper gas + 5.99%, upper gas + Mitsubishi + 0.93%. The higher yields from higher sales of the parent companies can also be seen in the higher profits statements of the upper group: 70.7% in 2017, higher than the increase in sales. Moreover, if the return on investment is excluded, sales are made.
Against the backdrop of a significant increase in costs (55.98 per cent) and an increase in management costs (+5.59 per cent), the parent division achieved a deficit of $364 million.The cost of 17q4 was largely stable and the cost of sales increased slightly throughout the year.
The structure of the joint brand is expected to be further upwards. In the context of the consumption upgrade, a new compact suv will be released in 2018, which is expected to be marketed, and a new 3 suv will be released in 2018, a full-scale suv market; and a new suv market will be launched in 2018.
The Chinese brand of the car, Cadillac, is expected to continue to be popular: Up-air Mitsubishi: with the help of new cars like the Bottle 530 and so forth, BMW sales are expected to sustain a high rate of growth, the overall product structure will continue to be excellent, “dividing” into a new phase of development, and autonomous brands will be profitable.
Under the rubric, there has been a significant improvement in upper-air auto branding, which in 2017 was close to 50 per cent of Internet automobile sales, and now "dividing" has entered a new phase of rapid development, with electric, intelligent networking leading to integration, followed by more high-end home and commercial cars.
In 2018, the medium- and high-end car Emerx8 and the red-light wings will be on the market, and the hot sales of the medium- and high-end vehicles are expected to lead to an accelerated growth of autonomous branding and, according to the new accounting standards for 2018, companies can capitalize part of their R & D costs, reducing the current period.
Management cost pressures, we believe, will soon be profitable for autonomous brands. Investment advice. We believe that, in the context of the company's “upgraded joint brand structure, accelerated growth of autonomous brands”, the company will achieve robust performance growth over the next few years, and the company is expected to grow.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report