On 10 April, Secretary-General Xi Jinping delivered a keynote speech at the annual meeting of the Bojong Asia Forum in 2018, in which he reported that in the manufacturing sector, restrictions were still being imposed mainly on cars, vehicles and cars.
On 14 April, China’s Central State Council issued guidance on supporting the comprehensive deepening of reforms and opening up of the industry. It identified new models for shared economic development in Hainan, with pilot demonstrations in areas such as travel, education, and vocational training. Science rationally controls motor vehicle holdings, speeds up the promotion of new energy and energy-efficient and environmentally friendly vehicles, and moves to Hainan Island.
The Ministry of Industry and Communications announced the “Average fuel consumption and the new energy vehicle component of the vehicle fleet in 2017”, with the largest share of the new energy vehicles generated by Gilly, Biadei, North Gas.
Wilma and Hainan Transport Holdings Ltd. signed an agreement to establish a joint venture in Hainan Province to co-operate in the Henan Province Auto-Tourist Leasing Market, and the Upper Gas Group signed a comprehensive strategic cooperation agreement with Pacific Insurance to identify each other as an insurance partner and as the core supplier of a vehicle acquisition strategy, with both parties establishing innovative products.
China's Taipa Asset Management Corporation, in cooperation with upper-gas investment financing, is investing in the extension of the automobile industry chain and the post-car market.
The company is an absolute leader in the domestic automobile industry, making the entire chain of cars, spare parts, back-markets, car finance, etc.
A series of reforms, such as the system of career managers, corporate listings, etc., re-energized state companies.
There is a steady growth in spare parts operations, and new sources of energy and intelligence have provided new and incremental space for spare parts modules. With the integration of Jiangsen ' s global interiors, the company ' s spare parts business has moved towards the global component.
Autonomy improves profitability and transforms the space for innovation in services. Autonomy/mg, Chase, etc., sustains its strong rise and improves corporate profitability.
In June 2017, he joined the CSVS and became a member of the CSCP-restricted securities advisory business. This report was produced and published by the CSV.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.