The up-crowd population is rising at a high rate of self-regulating growth - the upper-cargo group (6001044), the sales rating for the month of 2018, the month of May 08, 2018.
Since the beginning of the year, it has continued to perform well, with 171,177 vehicles sold this month, with 1/2/3/April sales increasing by 12.8 per cent, 13.1 per cent, 17.9 per cent and 18.0 per cent respectively, mainly by Cadillac and gl8.
The product structure continues to improve; sales have increased at a flat rate since the beginning of the year, with 160,010 sales this month driven by product upgrades, as well as long-distance, high-end sales; the upper-air Mitsubishi has been marketed; the unit is in comparison with the trend of 300 depths.
In April, 62,289 were sold, an increase of 49.7 per cent over the previous year, with a total of 244,127 hot sales; in the course of the year, seven suvrx8 were placed on the market for new products.
The contribution of overall sales is expected to be over 700,000 vehicles for the year. In 2018, joint brands continued their new cycle, autonomous brands continued to function, and company stock was expected to continue to rise in the process of industrial segmentation, with strong players.
A robust increase in joint venture brand sales: the upper-gas public optimizes the product structure by increasing the suv product delivery; the upper-gas utility of the Cadillac, the Buick structure increase and the overall bicycle revenue rise; the upper-gas utility of Mitsubishi in the research assistant: Chang Dongdong
Autonomous brands continue to be active: new product cycle 1; Upper Gas Group (600104) quarterly reviews: industry; industry sales have not increased as expected since the withdrawal of the acquisition tax preferences; new models have not been marketed and sold as fast as expected.
The period of SRBE self-sustaining renewal of the new product cycle: upstream cost-side pressure on raw material price increases.
3. Upper Steam Group (600104) In-depth report: joint ventures and a master ' s degree in business management at the University of Xian Transport, Ciang, with a cumulative nine-year experience in motor industry research. Three years of consulting experience in management consulting, focusing on user orientation, products.
In 2016, the author was included in civil securities. He had a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,