In collaboration with Audi, the structure and profitability of the product continued to rise.
In response to the investor’s question at the stockholders’ meeting, it was revealed that Audi already held 1% of the public share. The public interest in the upper interest was changed to 50% of the upper-air group, 38% of the mass group, 10% of the popular China, Audi and S.C.C. (millions of shares)
We've learned from the National Corporate Credit Information System that the German Mass Group has transferred 1% of its holdings to Audi, which transfers $115 million in RMB. Audi claims 1% of the shares of the Voltage public, compared to Scota's previous shares.
Similar, more symbolically, the logo is formally defined in collaboration with Audi. Under current national regulations and industrial policies, the public can obtain the Audi brand authorization and thereafter produce and sell cars with the Audi trademark, which provides an important basis for the future development and production of both parties’ first products.
On May 19, 2017, the German Audi, the Volkswagen Group, the Volkswagen and the Audi distributors agreed that the products of a third party (Odi) would be marketed in China no later than January 2022.
The new car must be sold by a marketing company formed jointly by three parties (up and down.
In early 2022, the sales began. Cooperation is a win that meets the strategic needs of both sides. In our view, cooperation between upper steam and Audi will be a win: (1) At present, Audi has only a single Audi joint venture in China, and for historical reasons, Audi has only 10%.
As a result, Audi-a-breath has made a larger profit, but Audi-breathing-breath-breath-breath-breath-breath-breath-breath-breathing-breath-breathing-breathing-breathing-breathing-breathing-breathing-breathing-a-breathing-a-breathing-a-breathing-a-breathing-a-breath.
The stock ratio (which, according to Car Headlines, Audi, Upwards, One Stewards will form a joint stock-balancing sales company) is expected to generate greater voice and profit distribution. (2) For upper-steam groups, collaboration with Audi can provide them with another powerful and luxury brand, in addition to Cadillac, to further develop a high-end car market.
Upwind group: good performance in ownership and joint ventures, sustained sales Upstream group: steady growth in performance, high red innovation, leading investment proposals: official landing of Upstream Odyssey, with no short-term impact on company performance (before 2022)
Substantive impact, but in the long run it will help to further upgrade the company's product structure and profitability, without going on the steam group: joint ventures and autonomous resonance, with performance growth consistent with the pattern of competition that will be introduced in new cars or will re-establish the domestic luxury car market.
Upwinding group: Joint venture autonomy, 15.9 per cent and 15.9 per cent increase in sales in September, maintaining a “buy-in-a” investment rating.