In recent days, Mr. Chen Yong, Chairman of the upper steam group, said: "Audi is already on top of 1% of the public share."
This time, the German mass group took 1% of its holdings on the s03405120001.
Sea mass shares are transferred to Audi, and the upper gas group holds 50% of the share of the Shanghai public, Germany 38% of the population, China 10%, and Audi and Scorda 1% each. Through this transfer of shares, the upper steam and Audi cooperation takes a substantial step towards the development of the upper Audi headlines.
Le Giangtao introduced Audi, the leader's position will be further consolidated, and the valuation is expected to continue to improve.
In an era of steady growth, sustained R & D and resistance-cycle capabilities are crucial for automobile manufacturers. In the current context of weak cycles in the automobile industry, continued collaboration between upper-mortality groups and endogenous and outward growth will further strengthen corporate leadership, and the valuation is expected to continue to improve.
With $11.1 billion in investment, significantly higher than Biadi (6.3 billion yuan), Guangbo (3 billion yuan), Chang An (3.6 billion) and the Great Wall Automobile (3.4 billion yuan), strong R & D capacity continues to create new companies, selling 2.96 million vehicles per month, an increase of 11.6 per cent compared to the average increase in industry.
Roe (ttm) has a stronger periodicality in the automobile industry, including in the life cycle, but the upper gas group has the lowest price in December 2009 to date.
Performance has never been negative, showing a strong resistance to cyclical attributes, thanks to strong corporate research and development and the ability to continuously update products. In a context of sound corporate growth, new energy vehicles continue to function, and there is a wealth of technological reserves, such as intelligent driving and the Internet.
In view of this, the rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have the qualification or considerable professional competence to offer securities investment advice from the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been informed independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.