The upper gas group grew by almost 15 per cent in May, and industrial integration was better than ever before. 2.96 million vehicles were sold each month, an increase of 11.6 per cent.
The main brands performed well, the joint brands grew steadily, and the overall sales were slightly higher than expected. In 2018, the use of vehicles, the withdrawal of the acquisition tax concession, increased competition in the industry, and sales and performance could be further differentiated.
The company, as the leader of the industry, is expected to continue to increase its market share, with a strong degree of certainty in terms of performance growth, lower valuations and interest rates, an impressive performance of autonomous brands, a steady growth of joint venture brands and a slightly higher overall sales forecast.
Automobiles, Mitsubishi sales, 171,000, 155,000, 59,000, 167,000, increased by 12.1%, 9.8%, 46.4%, and 11.0% respectively. Automobiles sustain high growth, mass sales are gradually rising, generals are running steadily, and overall sales are slightly higher than expected.
In 2018, a new car with a car buys tax discount, increased competition in the industry, and a competitive new car is a growth sharper. A new car with a car of honor rx8 and a light wing is on the market, with a year-round sale of 700,000 vehicles and a break-down.
In addition, domestic automobile consumption has been rising, and the country’s domestic consumption is rising.
Luxury car sales have been growing at a faster rate, and the popular Audi project, which is continuing to advance, is expected to be the best option for companies to integrate their industries, and to stay close to the forefront. The National Development and Reform Commission has recently issued regulations for the regulation of the investment of the automobile industry (advisory draft), or to integrate the automobile industry.
As industry leaders, joint venture brands are more competitive, and market shares are kept up on the 7th of June 2018. The age of integration in the automobile industry is or will come, and keeping the leader is the best option.
1) Increased competition in the market and a decline in sales and profit margins; 2) significant increases in raw materials and labour costs.