Joint venture ownership has performed well, with robust growth in performance The upper conglomerates have achieved a net profit of $26,724 million (+4.06 per cent), contributing to the main increase in profits; the upper conglomerates.
Net profit of $15,421 million (-9.01 per cent), mainly due to increased market competition for lower-end vehicles; upper gas use of $5,332 million (+2.58 per cent) for stable performance; autonomous brand loss of approximately $4.45 billion, or about $364 million, compared with last year; upper gas finance
The company's performance is robust, with a share of $1.83 per share, and joint ventures are strong and self-sustaining and growing rapidly.
There are more than 2 million vehicles. 2.06 million vehicles (+3.06 per cent) are sold in the domestic market; 2 million vehicles (+5.99 per cent) are sold in the national market; 2 million vehicles are sold in the national market; and for the first time, 2 million vehicles are sold in the national market: 2.15 million vehicles (+0.93 per cent) are sold in the national market.
Secondly, with regard to autonomy, the number of vehicles on board and on board is 522,000, 62.27 per cent, compared with 62.27 per cent in the previous year, and growth is rapid: the number of vehicles on board is more than 71,000, an increase of 54 per cent in the same year, and 51.6 per cent of the increase in the number of contribution groups from the main brand is 227,000, making it a new driver of growth.
Overall, the company achieved 6.93 million vehicle sales, an increase of 6.8% over the same period, more than a factor of 3.3% over the city, and an overall development of joint-venture ownership. The product structure was optimized, and the new product cycle led to robust growth in performance.
Three of the company ' s joint ventures have the highest public profitability and, driven by high-end hot-market models such as Volkswagen, Uttar Pradesh, Volkswagen and Volkswagen Motors, have raised their revenues by between $10,000 and $12.42 million per vehicle, and single cars have earned more than $13,000, which is clearly better than the upper gas utility and the upper gas utility Mitsubishi.
In 2018, at least six new cars will be launched, with higher market expectations, such as t-cross, traffic-in-the-horizon, and a new generation of polo, with the expectation that the new product cycle will lead to a new performance for the public.
Ten thousand dollars is also lower than last year, but in 2018 the product cycle is expected to drive up the general profit through new vehicles such as the new Travese in Chevy, the new Suv in Chevy, the new Keaper in Beek, the new Beckvelite, the new Kleedrickxt, and so on.
New trends, new quadrants, new drivers, companies actively embrace trends in automobile development, new areas of innovation, deeper cars “new energy, intelligence, networkization, sharing”. New energy sources: new energy 2017.
Automobile sales of 64,000, an increase of 156% in the same year, are being commercialized in the country as a light passenger rate in the high-voltage fcv80 fuel cell. A joint venture was set up with the Ninder era to set up a battery core, and a joint venture with the British Flying Stone to work on the igbt module.
The Tribunal has a strategic layout in the area of high-precision electronic maps of vehicles, and has signed a joint venture agreement with a world-renowned intelligent driver, tttechcomputertechnikag, to promote industrial development of smart drivers and to work with high-tech companies like mobileye.
Research on visual autopilot solutions. Network connection: official launch of the Zebra 2.0 system, launch of the world's largest Internet car user Ota aerial upgrade, enhanced smart voice control, big data active navigation, travel entertainment cloud computing and intellectual distance.
(a) The functions of the car control, etc., are shared: Global Car Rendering has accelerated to the national layout, reaching 27,000 vehicles in 60 cities throughout the year. Car Renderers have completed $1 billion in b-wheel financing, reaching 1,500 underline sites.
“Increased” rating, taking into account the robust growth in corporate performance and the high score score. The overall volume of sales has fallen and the new quadrupling has not moved as fast as expected