The securities newtimesecritities are performing as expected, and new cars are still waiting.
On 27 April, the company issued its first quarterly report for 2018, which achieved operating income of 2,348,533 million yuan, an increase of 21.58 per cent over the reporting period, and a net return profit of 9,707 million yuan, an increase of 17.50 per cent over the same period;
In March 2018, the upper-car company, a subsidiary of the company China, completed the acquisition of 50% of the stock of the light, which was implemented on 1 March. As a result of the $918 million equity premium, the company withheld the interest rate during the reporting period.
The company ' s Māori rate fell slightly during the reporting period, but remained largely at the same level as in the previous year. As a result of the additional borrowings, the company ' s financial costs increased by $356 million over the same period, reaching a financial cost rate of 0.16 per cent.
In the first quarter of 2018, the city as a whole performed well, maintaining a decline in traditional car heat and a rapid growth of new energy sources. In this context, the company’s “new quadrupling” strategy will continue to benefit.
The average monthly sales on the route are 51.84%. From the ongoing Beijing Car Fair, the company's new cars will be launched in the second half of the year, with a high market profile and an autonomous brand.
Marvelx, which represents the most auto-researched and developed by the upper steam group in the fields of new energy, the Internet, and intelligent driving. New energy cars are strong and stable, and new achievements and peaks are to be sold in June and officially delivered in September.
The main brand will put on the market other key vehicles, such as Phuonggte, Chevran Traverse, Eunweie5, the title, "Autonomous brands rise strongly, a "new four" boost, a pure electrical version zs, etc., and the company's new model will focus its efforts in the second half of the year, leading to high performance growth.
Growth: 2018-03-28