Autonomy is strong and the joint venture and growth escort is strong. The incident of 03.05. 2018: On 28 April 2018, the company released its first quarterly report for 2018. The company achieved gross operating income of $238.834 billion in the first quarter of 2018, an increase of 21.68 per cent.
The upper-mortality group (600104.sh) realized a net return profit of $9.707 billion, an increase of 17.5 per cent in the same year. The net profit from deduction was $8.83 billion, an increase of 8.01 per cent in the same year.
A one-time premium on the right is included in the return on the current investment. The Chinese combination leads to higher net profits for the company on a year-on-year basis, except for recurrent gains and losses, where net profits for the company grew by 8.01% on a year-on-year basis, and corporate performance as a whole remained stable.
\triangleright sells more than 20,000 units a month, and the large, medium-sized suv Eunweirx8 is officially on the market, opening a new space for sales growth. Pure electric intelligence suvmarvelx finishes in Beijing, paying his research assistant.
As a global premiere, delivery is expected to take place in the course of the year. New types of energy vehicles, such as the six-page hybrid and the five-year-olds, are on the market, with a greater supply of new and autonomous energy products and a strong rise in autonomous operations. > Joint ventures have grown steadily, with a strong rise in escort autonomy. In the first quarter of 2018, they benefited from the hot sale of blast vehicles, such as gl6, Cadillac, and the general sale of cars.
Four hundred and forty-nine thousand vehicles, 14.5% more than the previous year. 510,000 vehicles sold to the general public, 1.7% more than the same year, sustaining a steady growth of the joint venture block, guaranteeing a steady growth in corporate performance, and a strong rise in autonomous escort operations.
Profit forecasting and rating: Autonomous operations continue their strong rise and product structure optimizes the contribution of joint ventures. Automobile finance continues to grow at a high rate, followed by the market sector, the solidarity of the upper gas group (600,180,404.sh) with joint ventures, which has recently seen a greater adjustment in the company’s stock prices than the impact of liberalization policies. Corporate performance security is adequate, and industrial policy optimization has limited impact on companies.
International mature cars like Toyota demonstrate their growth potential, and we maintain the company’s “growth” rating. Risk factors: the risk of a sharp fall in the macro-car market: the emerging business expansion process falls short of expectations: the risk of industrial policy implementation progressing faster than expected.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
In June 2017, he joined the Sunda securities company, which has been certified by the CVM as a consulting business on securities. This report was produced and published by the CVM.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.