In 2017, the company achieved a gross operating income of $8,706.39 million, an increase of 15.1 per cent over the previous year.
In 2017, three companies sold more than 2 million vehicles, with steady growth: more than 520,000 vehicles, up by 62.3 per cent.
The best-selling model drives the upgrading of the product structure, increasing the sales of more than 150,000 models from 30 per cent to 34 per cent, and an increase of 16.4 per cent in total vehicle revenue on a year-on-year basis, which is much higher than the increase in total vehicle sales. The impact of the size of the autonomous plates, which initially shows an increase in the profitability of the whole fleet, was 11.82 per cent in 2017, an increase of 0.87 percentage points from 2016.
In 2018, the company continued its high-value bonus of $18.3 out of every 10 shares.
In 2017, companies improved their incentive mechanisms for innovative business, achieved multiple breakthroughs in new communication platforms, and explored the implementation of customized pay systems. The new mechanisms responded to major industrial changes, business dynamism helped explore new spaces.
In 2017, the company expanded the travel ring, improved the layout of the market, and explored new opportunities for business growth. The company set up a logistics artificial intelligence laboratory, the owner sold more than 70,000 cars, and the new technology accelerated its penetration into traditional businesses such as logistics and sales.
There are 1,500 service outlets, more than 8,000 leased-time online, and more than 8,000 post-car strategic deployments, with new profitable growth points for reserve companies. > Financial aid for new cars, with steady growth of 2018. > Medium-sized suvrx8 is about to be placed on the market, rx3 sales are expected to continue to be released, and we believe that the growth of autonomous brands continues.
In view of the above, we believe that the company’s fundamentals will grow steadily in 2018. Profit forecasting and rating: autonomous operations will continue to rise strongly, and product structures will optimize the contribution of joint ventures.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The price of House No. 1 on the West Side of Beijing City is very volatile. The company’s fundamentals are stable, and short-term disturbances create opportunities for intervention. Unlike international mature cars such as the general public, Toyota, we give the company an “enhanced” rating.
Risk factors: The sharp fall in macroeconomics has led to lower-than-expected growth in the car market; the emerging business expansion process has fallen short of expectations. \triangleright operationsmarkets, journalportfoliomanage, journalftraining, and other leading European-American journals.
The report is produced and published by the CVM. The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVS and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. The report is available only to specific customers mentioned above.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.