Joint ventures show a high rate of new energy innovation with higher growth and autonomy - the upper gas group (6001044), with a rating of sales in May 2018.
In May, 170,560 vehicles were sold to the public at a spectacular rate of 12.13 per cent on a year-on-year basis; they were expected to be driven by the continuous heat of destination, the replacement of new products such as Ködzök and Randön; 155,137 vehicles were sold at a similar rate of 9.76 per cent, a slight decline from the first four months of the year; and 166,632 were sold at a higher rate.
The same-year increase of 11.02%, with a positive increase, is expected to be driven by the hot sale of 510 bobbles and 360 new bobbles. Joint ventures as a whole perform an industry average, and, according to the Federation, the volume of bulk sales by car in May increased by about 300 miles, compared to the Unit’s trend in depth.
Autonomous brands continued their high growth, with 58,607 vehicles sold in May, an increase of 46.42 per cent in the same year and a cumulative volume of 302,734 vehicles, an increase of 51.71 per cent in the same year; and new energy vehicles, with high innovation, reached 10,246 in the same month, an increase of nearly 4 per cent in the same year.
Many times, the number of boosters for the plugged-in hybrid vehicle was as high as 6,941 and the number for the pure electric vehicle was 3,305 (2,996); and the market potential for the slow-to-market emg6 (864) and ei5 was expected to be marketed.
In 2018, the joint venture brand continued its new vehicle cycle, the autonomous brand continued to grow, and the company-to-market ratio was expected to continue to rise in the process of industrial segmentation, with strong players.
A robust increase in joint venture brand sales: the upper-gas public optimizes the product structure by increasing the suv product delivery; the upper-gas utility of the Cadillac, the Buick structure increase and the overall bicycle revenue rise; the upper-gas utility of Mitsubishi in the research assistant: Chang Dongdong
In the context of rising consumption, there is a strategy to speed up the switch through boulders. Autonomous brands continue to be active: the new product cycle leads1 and the Upper Gas Group (600104) is evaluated in May: the new car is listed at less time than expected, and the sales are not as high as expected; the market is competitive as the final price battle.
The Upward Mass Growth Revival and the Sustained High Growth”2 and "The Upper Gas Group (600104) Quarterly Review: Business Robust Growth Co-operative Self-Ending The New Cycle"2
"The Upper Steam Group (600104) Stock Exchanges in February: No Fear of Leave Impacts Keeping Sales Up" 4. "The Upper Steam Group (600104) Insight Report: Pools and Assets"
Zhang Dongdong, Master of Business Management, Xian Transport University, accumulated nine years of research experience in the automobile industry. Three years of consulting firm management experience, focusing on user orientation, brand positioning, business strategic consulting; six years of work experience in large commercial car enterprises, familiarizing themselves with corporate strategy, product planning, marketing planning, etc., through the Ministry of Strategic and Development, the Ministry of Marketing and Commodity Management.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.