The company published a quarterly report in 2018, q1 achieved a gross operating income of $238.83 billion, which is a year-on-year increase.
It is expected that the acquisition of 50% of the share in the Shanghai mini-lights by the company’s holding company’s owner’s car and the confirmation of its original equity one-time premium of $920 million will result in a rapid increase in net profits. Looking forward to 2018, the company’s new cycle of joint ventures and autonomous brands will continue and its performance will grow over time.
As industry leaders, corporate performance has grown by a certain amount of autonomy and general excellence, and performance has grown steadily. The company has been able to sell 188,2 million vehicles in the first quarter, an increase of 10.1% compared to the previous quarter, exceeding the industry’s rate of increase by 7.3 percentage points.
In the first quarter of the year, the sales of general purpose, upper-gas vehicles and upper-air Mitsubishis increased by 1.8 per cent, 14.5 per cent, 54.2 per cent and 2.2 per cent respectively, and autonomous and joint ventures contributed to steady growth in corporate performance. The Māori rate for the first quarter was 936.8 per cent, resulting in a significant increase in financial costs as a result of increased borrowing.
In 2018, the tax concession on the purchase of vehicles was withdrawn, competition in the industry intensified, and new and competitive vehicles were the growth sharps. New vehicles, such as Rx8 and Light Wings, will be placed on the market and the public will be added to tharu, Skodakaroq/Kamiq.
The continuation of a new cycle of joint-venture ownership is expected to drive companies’ performance to continue to grow. Companies remain competitive, with no worries about external disturbances.
The lower tariffs have an impact on the overall market price of cars, but the luxury car national product still has a cost in relation to imports.
Most of the market-based prices of April 27, 2018 have been nationalized and have achieved better sales; the upper mass Audi project continues to be a promising growth point in the company’s future performance. The firm’s competitiveness remains ahead of the curve, and there is no need to worry about external disturbances.
Investment Strategies in the Automotive Industry 2018 – Industry Spaces Still 1) Market competition has increased, and automobile sales and profit margins have declined; 2) raw materials and labour costs have risen.
S.A.I.S.A. is qualified for securities investment consultancy.