Overseas operations are growing robustly, and large aircraft are continuing to push forward. Tang Aikin's overseas operations are growing robustly, influenced by the harvest, and domestic growth is slowing down.
We believe that the slight slowdown in the domestic market has been largely influenced by the fight against medical corruption and the gathering ground, which, on the one hand, has affected hospital consultations and the bidding process for the purchase of medical equipment.
The number of machines installed and the sale of reagents in the company’s domestic instruments; in addition, the chemical luminous collection led by the Embassie is being implemented in the provinces, affecting the willingness of distributors to purchase reagent products in the short term. And the market abroad continues to grow with the company’s X series of medium-sized and large-sized aircraft.
In the first three quarters of 2024, overseas operations grew by 25.16 per cent on a year-on-year basis, maintaining steady growth.
In this context, the company has increased its market outreach and continued to promote large- and medium-sized aircraft, 795 high-speed chemical luminometers x 8 were sold in the first three quarters of 2024, a total of 30 t8 waterlines were loaded/saled, and revenues from instrument-type products increased by 16.27 per cent in the third quarter of 2024, on a trial basis.
The volume of reagent sales is expected to increase at an accelerated rate, with higher rates of reagent product revenue, Māori sales and net interest rates.
Both are expected to increase, and profitability is expected to increase. Risk factors: under-production of conventional test agents, risk of failure in product development and registration, \triangleright
Large machine ratios continue to rise, enabling performance is robust, competition in overseas markets increases risks, performance continues to increase, and large-scale machine-assisted reagents are released.
Reagents are growing, overseas development is possible.
The seller's team in the Golden House, No. 127 A, Wumenxi Street, Beijing, was working for more than nine years.b In 2023, it joined the Sinda securities and was responsible for research in areas such as medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis and icl.
It is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.