1. New Industries Company Review: High-end breakthroughs yielding results, upswinging overseas.
2024q3 achieved revenues of $1,203 million, i.e. + 15%; net profit from parentage of $480 million.
In the first three quarters of the year, revenue from the main domestic market business grew by 13.60 per cent, while income from the main overseas market business grew by 25.16 per cent and the advantages of the growth in the overseas market were further demonstrated. By product, corporate reagent revenue grew by 17.93 per cent in the previous three quarters, and instrument-type products.
A high-end machine has been rapidly expanded, and the streaming line product has continued to land. The company has developed a number of maglumi chemical luminous immunology analysers, using the maglumix8 instrument as an example, to provide the first global breakthrough for 600 tests/hours of chemical luminous immunisers.
In the first three quarters of the year, the company ' s fully automated chemical luminous equipment, maglumix8, was sold/installed 795 and, by the end of the three quarters, the company ' s maglumix8 was sold/installed 34,448 domestic and foreign accumulators, and the company ' s new product satlarst8 stream was finished.
With a total of 30 installed/sales, the product is well recognized in the market. Focusing on innovation competitiveness, R & D inputs continue to rise. With four technological platforms and technologies, companies have become industry leaders.
In February 2024, the luminous immuno-analysis instrument was released to bring medical terminals to a more efficient new use experience. In reagent products, the company has 202 packages of reagents sold globally, including chemical luminous tests with EU access.
191 agents for one of the chemical luminous producers that can provide the best full reagent menu in the industry. Profit prediction, valuation and rating. Health insurance control fees and product price risk: new product R & D registration risk: product diffusion is not anticipated.
Period risk; currency exchange risk; market-related report rating ratio analysis