New industry assessment report: rising share of medium-sized and large instruments and increasing growth in overseas markets Events: 29 October, company reports issued in the third quarter of 2024: 16.59 per cent over the previous three quarters; deduction of non-net profit of 1,331 million yuan, an increase of 20.80 per cent over the same period; operating cash flows
11.62 per cent; net operating cash flows of $340 million, a decline of 15.21 per cent over the same period.The growth rate in overseas markets continued to increase as a result of short-term pressure from external environmental impacts in the country (1) With regard to domestic operations, the company achieved major operating income of 2,196 million yuan in the previous three quarters,
This represents an increase of 13.60% over the same period, with domestic reagent-type income increasing by almost 13% over the same period. In the third quarter, the country experienced a decline in business growth compared to the first half of the year, mainly as a result of a slowdown in reagent-type income.
The delays in hospital procurement as a result of the restructuring, the continuous advancement of drig and dip, which led to a reduction in the total market value/flow (millions of yuan) of selected testing projects and the three-quarter collection of land, put some pressure on domestic operations to sell reagents.
The highest/lowest price in 12 months, despite the challenges posed by the external environment, the company has been active in responding to market changes, accelerating its outreach to high-level hospital clients, and completing fully automated chemical luminescence devices on the domestic market in the previous three quarters.
< <New Industries Assessment Report: Performance meets expectations, > x series instruments and stream lines show remarkable performance - further optimization.
The current line is symmetrically advanced, leading to a < < new industry point assessment report on conventional reagent sales through the expansion of large domestic medical end-users: 24q1 profits increase rapidly, compared to 25.16 per cent in the third quarter, with overseas operations facing high base and renminbi appreciation pressures
< <New Industries Annual Review: Performance meets expectations, and growth has been accelerated by the impact of the >-2024-04-15 force in overseas markets. > - 32% increase in income from overseas reagent operations in the first three quarters of the year.
The third quarter saw a 37 per cent increase in the same year, with a further increase in reagent revenue, and led Māori overseas to sell a total of 3,113 fully automated chemical luminous devices in overseas markets in the first three quarters, with a rise in sales of large luminous instruments to 66 per cent.
The company’s focus on high-speed motors x 8 and x 6 is spreading and applying to large terminals, with more notable results, and it is expected that the upgrading of overseas customers will provide a solid basis for medium- and long-term business growth. The level of profit earnings has remained stable overall in the previous three quarters, with a slowdown in reagent revenue of q3 affecting net interest rates.
New industry evaluation reports: performance against expectations, high performance of x-series instruments and current lines, sales rates reduced by 1.33 pct to 15.30 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and we expect to be mainly due to firm controls over domestic sales costs; management rates reduced by 0.46 pct to 2.59 per cent on a year-on-year basis; and R & D costs are the same.
Increases of 0.26 pct to 9.59 per cent; financial cost increases of 0.21 pct to -0.69 per cent on the same basis; and combined effects (lower domestic reagent revenue growth).
27 times more. We believe that companies are expected to grow robustly in both domestic and foreign markets in the future, and maintain “the risk of buying continued delays, the risk that policies such as drig and dip will affect detection levels, overseas markets Pacific Academy”.
7th floor, 2nd floor, 2nd floor, 2nd wing, 9th North Street, Beijing, and 10th floor, 10th floor, National Open Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City, 1904th floor, 19th floor, New World Center, East and Lotus Road, Fuda District, Shenzhen City.
988 São Fong Square, downtown Guangzhou Avenue.
The company ' s unified social credit code is: 91530007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.