Huang Jiaji reiterated Biadi's “buy-in” rating: the overall increase in new energy vehicle sales from the beginning of the year to the present.
Robust, with profits released on a seasonal basis. We expect Biyadi's new energy cars to be sold this year and next year.
And, as scale continues to show, Biadi has the ability to continue to loot shares and release profits. The current market gains for the company’s port and a share are 17.2 x and 18.7 x, and the valuation has a basis for upward movement.
Three quarters of the profits of the bicycles have continued to improve, and in October new energy sales have reached a record high: three quarters of Bia.
The income of Di reached RMB 211.1 billion, a 24 per cent increase in the same year and a 14 per cent increase in the ring. Of this, percentage points, the ring grew by 3.2 percentage points. The net profit of Biadi for the third quarter was RMB 11.11 billion, the ring grew by 28 per cent, and the net profit of the first quarter was historically high.
This year's profit release has increased seasonally, and according to our calculations, Biadi's third quarter bicycle profit has reached $9,247, and the ring ratio has been growing. The company's new energy vehicle sales in October were record high, reaching 501,000 vehicles. As the scale effect has been further demonstrated, we're moving up to Biadi's 2024.
Valuation: Using the branch plus general method, each gives Biadi new energy vehicles, hand-held investment risk in 2025: demand for new energy cars has grown less than expected, both domestically and overseas. Industry competition continues to increase, and price pressure is rising. Company orders for high-end and export-type vehicles have fallen short of expectations.
The cost decline slows down the company’s Māori performance. Autopilots are slow to land, or users experience less dramatic increases. Corporate input is growing faster than profit growth.
Promising and pessimistic scenario: Ports Unit
Pessimistic scenario: corporate incomes are growing less than expected Optimistic scenario: corporate incomes are growing better than expected Demand for new domestic and overseas power-cars markets is growing faster and permeating
(a) Unexpected growth in demand in the domestic and overseas sectors of new energy vehicles;
(b) The company's high-end and export-type orders were not as good as expected:
The impact of lower prices in the domestic market on profitability: Automated driving is going well, companies are at the top of the industry, and autopilots are going slowly, and consumers are aware of and users experience.
Prospective and pessimistic scenario: a share Pessimistic scenario: corporate revenue growth is not as high as expected
An optimistic scenario: corporate incomes are growing faster than expected The demand for domestic and overseas new energy-borne vehicles market is growing faster and permeating and demand for domestic and overseas new energy vehicles is not growing as much as expected
(b) Industry competition continues to increase and price pressure rises, while costs are better than expected than Yadi's high-end brands and seaboard performance, with a significant hedge.
(b) The impact of lower prices on profitability in the domestic market;
Autopilots are well on the ground, companies are at the forefront of the industry. Autopilots are slow to land, consumer perception and user experience in P7 Silver International.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571), the first (Systems Trading) and the fourth (Provision of Comments on Securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold the securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.