Stewardship of the state-owned server, digging for gold laas base service - report for 2016 (00977), with a gold dividend of 0.3 yuan per 10 shares, including taxes: 3) Company and Venezuela Industrial Science and Technology Ltd.
For socio-economic reasons, the accounts receivable could not be properly cashed, which were classified as “single amounts of significant and separate accounts receivable for bad debts” and were fully prepared for bad debts, with an impact on the company's net profits in 2016 of 2.74 per cent on server memory operations.
\triangleright 1 \server business continues to be good, and the industry is at the forefront. (1) In 2016, the company's server business received the first $12 billion break. According to Goldner data, the company's server's delivery market in 2016.
The wave sr series has a market share of more than 70% of the scorpion's hangar servers, with a cumulative output of 150,000 nodes. In the fourth quarter of 2016, the stocking was ranked first, leading the Chinese market, and ranked first at the same speed as the server class.
The company issues the highest performance storage density of 1 u12 two-way servers nf5166m4 in the United States, which is dedicated to the stratification application of the mega-data centre; and the full case server sr4.5 at the idf Congress in the United States, which achieves seven years of full-air server product.
Five turns, building on the existing pool of peripheral resources such as centralized power supply, centralized heat distribution, centralized management, etc., to add an internal pool of sas and pci-e based on hardware exchange technology, while adding the bbs back-up battery node and the top d cool storage node. The company's market occupancy in the whole case exceeds that in the whole case.
In December 2016, 70 per cent of high-end server m13 was released, with products forming the full computational layout of key operations ranging from entry-level ts860 and primary product k1 to top-end product m13, to pre-empting the top-level server market.
2. Medium- and high-end storage lines have been completely upgraded, with great potential for growth in high-end areas. The company has launched a new generation of virtual gateways as-v, doubling product parameter indicators, further improving performance and reliability, forming high, medium- and low-integral solutions in combination with the wave of sub-disk arrays, and continuing in the areas of government, public security, finance, etc.
The company publishes a complete solid storage series, which is an important breakthrough in the layout of wave-storage product lines, enhancing the competitiveness of wave-storage products in high-end storage markets.3 We believe that with cloud computing and the advent of big data age, global data volumes have increased in an explosive fashion.
According to the idc survey data, the domestic server market will continue to grow robustly over the next five years, and companies, as leaders in global intelligence calculations, provide leading intelligence calculations for cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, and the overall business is expected to continue fast.
Based on a strong back-up of server operations, the goldias floor basic services,1 and the development of an autonomous cloud computing brand with its primary focus on theiaas operations. The company ' s iipd project was launched to build a research and development-centred system-wide coverage to enhance the efficiency of the product development management system, which is now in place.
A live demonstration of 18 core products, such as k1, sr, as18000, big data integration machines, master storage, etc., has been made for the country’s first producers to complete the technology-based layout of the Yaas layer cloud computing.
The company has achieved significant results in the development of diamond products, key technological breakthroughs, technological pre-research, cloud computing and key operations, building a smartrack cabinet server, high-end storage as 18000, integration of second-generation products.
In November 2016, the company launched a wave depth learning machine at the United States sc16 and the World Internet Congress, using the latest product.
The wave-high-performance computing cluster of nvidiateslatm technology, which runs the multi-node parallel in-depth learning framework caffe-mpi, can significantly enhance the in-depth computing performance of applications such as face recognition, photo classification, object identification, etc., and effectively improve the user's ability to use in-depth learning in actual operations.
4. We believe that companies actively promote technological innovation across product lines, strengthen technological breakthroughs, continuously improve the market competitiveness of products, respond in a timely manner to the opportunities and challenges posed by new technologies, such as cloud computing, and are actively configured in the field of deep learning in artificial intelligence, with the technological advantages of cloud computing platform products continuously upgrading the whole.
Market operations and cloud computing data centre solution capabilities are expected to become China’s most powerful and autonomous brand, core products, programmes and service providers for cloud computing data centres.Vit operations affect short-term profits, and business restructuring is expected to improve in the long term.
This decrease is mainly due to the export of products such as the IST to Venezuela Industrial Science and Technology Ltd. (vit). In recent years, Venezuela’s foreign exchange rate has been extremely tight, inflation is very high, and vit is unable to make a normal exchange, which results in a debt to the company.
Based on the precautionary principle, the company intends to prepare the full amount of vit accounts receivable for bad debts, affecting its net profit of $274 million in 2016. The company’s business is being adjusted in a timely manner to provide reference experience and generate profit improvement expectations for subsequent overseas business expansion.
2. We believe that vit business bad debts are isolated and have a short-term negative impact on corporate performance, and that net corporate gains without them are expected to return to growth patterns. By focusing on core clients in key sectors, companies are focusing on expanding and adapting overseas market operations in a timely manner, and suspending vit operations in a timely manner, providing a valuable reference for future overseas business expansion.
iii. Profit forecasts and investment proposals are 24x, 17x, and 14x, respectively.
The company’s financial statement data projections are summarized as follows: head of the tmt group. Doctor of Management, People’s University of China.
Yang Si-heung, head of the computer team. He was a senior research scientist at the Intel Chinese Academy in 2010, after a doctoral doctor in information science at the Chinese University of China.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,