The fall in profits caused by the fall in profits caused by the recent company ' s 2016 report and the company ' s operating income of $12,668 million.
36.10 per cent less; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies is 59 million yuan less than the same time.
Inputs from various product lines have made important breakthroughs in the area of servers and storage. Corporate income has increased and net profits have declined on a year-on-year basis mainly as a result of (i) asset impairment losses have increased by $285 million on a year-on-year basis as a result of, inter alia, the full preparation of vit accounts receivable; and (ii) research and development.
Inputs increased by $234 million on a year-on-year basis, and corporate performance is expected to grow rapidly in the future as new R & D inputs fall and spread, and as market demand in the server storage industry expands and industry concentration increases.
The traditional advantage of total equity/flow (millions of shares) is the same, with new products growing in time: during the reporting period, according to relevant statistics, the company ' s share in the market was over 20 per cent in 2016, ranking first on the Chinese market, while, at the same time,
In 1604, the wave of storage was ranked first, with the same speed of increase, which amply illustrates the Department’s leading position in the server storage industry. During the same period, the company released its storage density as industry.
Up to 1 u12 two-way servers nf5166m4, full-aircase apparel appliance issued 5 times over 7 years -- 2016/08/22 server product sr.4.5, and the company added a new set of functions to the market in the whole cabinet area
In terms of storage, the company’s high-end storage line product was completely upgraded, pushing a new generation of virtual gateways as-v, resulting in a higher-level low-level, holistic solution. During the same period, the company started and completed a national 84-stop shop on the theme “ Wave computing + intelligent cloud dynamics”
The tour and the successful organization of an Internet technology summit for Ali, 100 degrees, Internet access, uc, etc. Internet leading companies demonstrate the solutions and capabilities of their whole range of products, and as the new products developed by the company become obsolete, the company can grow in the future.
R & D is strategically high, actively promoting technological innovation across product lines, enhancing technological breakthroughs, and achieving significant results. During the reporting period, the company developed smartrack cabinet servers, high-end storage as 18,000, integrating second-generation products around cloud computing and key operations.
Incloudrack, a new generation of enterprise-level integration stores as 5600, k-db databases, integration architecture, 19,000 blade systems, etc., is a series of diamond diamonds. The company released in November 2016, and the company launched a wave-deep learning machine, which uses the latest nvidia tsetlaTM technology.
High-performance computing cluster, running multi-node parallel depth learning framework caffe-mpi, can significantly boost depth learning computing performance in applications such as face recognition, photo classification, object identification, etc., and effectively improve user ability to use depth learning in actual operations.
Entering is a solid foundation for the future growth of corporate performance.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report