Recently, gtc2017 (gpu Technical Conference) was held in San José, United States of America.
Servers for artificial intelligence applications, as well as i-software platforms such as an in-depth learning management system and t-eye training excellence tools.
\triangleright Wave Together nvidia publishes hyperdensity server agx-2, which is used mainly to improve the efficiency of research applications in areas such as artificial intelligence and scientific engineering computing.
It is a software for the management of an artificial intelligent in-depth learning training cluster that can support a multiplicity of in-depth learning frameworks. The cpu, gpu resources of the computing cluster are now centrally managed, controlled and monitored, providing an efficient and easy-to-use platform for in-depth learning users.
The unit is a high-tech, high-tech server with a high-speed connectivity relative to the 300-degree trend. We believe that the company, relying on years of in-depth learning from research and development, and working with the gpu giant, Yveta, can provide a stronger and more efficient computing resource to global clients.
In terms of server operations, the company’s share of the market for servers in 2016 was more than 20%, and it was in China’s top position. At the same time, the high- and middle-end storage line was completely upgraded, with great potential for growth in high-end areas.
At the computing level, based on core technology research and development at theiaas level, building an autonomous cloud computing brand by constantly promoting technological innovation, energy upgrading, and product upgrading. We believe that this gtc machine will help to maintain the company’s image of a domestic server, and it is hoped that it will continue to raise the market share of the ai’s computing power.
“Intelligent computing” is a global leader, with new breakthroughs expected with the East Wind. The 2016 cloud computing industry is growing rapidly, with its infrastructure becoming the focus of investment.
The development of the three-year action plan (2017-2019) proposes that the gross value of the domestic cloud computing industry will reach $43 billion by 2019. We believe that companies provide a leading intellectual basis for cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, and have significant advantages in core equipment, such as servers, and overall solutions for cloud computing.
New breakthroughs are expected to benefit from good cloud computing, big data, and, in particular, the development of the artificial intelligence industry. Pe, pe, pe, pe, pe, pe, pe, pe, pe, pe, pe, pe, pe.
Service 201704225 Increased competition in the market for storage andiaas: technology R & D at a slower rate than expected; overseas business expansion risks.
JUNG Ping, head of the tmt group. Doctor of Management, China People’s University, director of the business college of China Petroleum University, head of the baa business school, director of entrepreneurship at the Central National University; with nearly 10 years of research experience in the field of tmt, allied Chinese student securities in 2016. Yang Si-heung, head of the computer team. Doctor of Computers, Chinese University of Science and Technology, post-Doctor of Information Science, Beijing University, visiting scholar at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology; since 2010
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to any third party approval or influence.