q3 R & D has increased significantly, and the Dragon Architecture platform has been certified by the Open-Sun Hung.
On 8 November 2022, the company issued a tri-quarter report for 2022, during which it realized operating income of 484 million yuan, corresponding to a net profit of 122 million yuan, a decrease of 290.61 per cent. In the first quarter of 2022q3, the company achieved operating income.
During the reporting period, there was a significant change in net profits from corporate collections and deductions, mainly due to: (i) the end-user of the Division ' s information-based chip, which was in the project receipt and inspection phase during the first half of the year, with a procurement requirement of more than $1 billion, mainly due to the higher level of grants for R & D projects identified during the reporting period; and (iii) the company ' s continued R & D.
During the reporting period, the cost of a company’s period of expenditure a market value (billions): the industry is growing brightly and the market is being opened up in the context of the consolidation of the traditional niche sector markets.
New developments, the introduction of new products to accelerate the pace of market opening and the overall shift of industrial and regulatory operations to the loongarch architecture.Countries in the traditional industrial and regulatory areas of companies continued to grow steadily during the reporting period, with fast growth in the engineering and control of critical information infrastructure, represented by railing and electricity, and operations such as hardware and electronics opening up areas of industrial control.
Open markets. At the same time, the introduction of new products has contributed positively to market openings. During the reporting period, the low-end product matrix of public and high schools marked a complete shift to the loongarch architecture.
The company’s first mcu chip is already officially streaming (for body control) and is about to enter the test phase. Q4 demand side is expected to gradually improve in the short term in the field of informatization, waiting for high value-for-value product groups to combine.
Q4 or next year’s demand side is expected to improve as the delivery and inspection phase slows down. Lee Sook-Fang, where desktop operations are influenced by industrial policies and short-term markets decline, but as future policies progress
With the launch of the 16 nuclear 3c5,000 product, the company’s server products are beginning to break through the political, financial, operator, energy and other spheres. The company will continue to expand and expand its server products, pay attention to the value of the product, and be active.
During the reporting period, the company launched a combination of 3a5,000+7a2000 and 3c5,000+7a2000 to significantly improve performance, reduce full-time costs, increase systemic value for money, significantly increase research and development intensity of q3 for future information market openings, and expect to contribute to the growth in performance of new products waiting to be marketed during the reporting period.
In the development of high-performance desktop products, the front-end design of a new generation of desktop cpu processor products was initiated and completed on the basis of the la664 processor; and the design of 2k2000 and 2k2100 was completed on the basis of the la364 processor core.
In addition, in connection with the development of combustible microchips, the company developed self-researched combs with the comb cpu power source, clock chips.
Actively promote the development of the Loongarch eco-system, which has been certified by open-source, autonomous, and ecologically sound. In the upstream open-source software community, the Loongarch architecture has been developed by international open-source software.
It is widely recognized and supported as a top ecosystem alongside x86, arm. In recent days, the openharmony operating system has been matched to the core 2k1,000la chip, and the dragon architecture platform has been certified as being open and showing that the structure of the Loongarch command system is broadly appropriate in various forms of products in various areas.
Useability, which is based on a dragon-based networked eco-image, has initially emerged. The optimization of the operating system platform has been significantly enhanced and improved in a variety of ways, in terms of its ability to perform and integration.
In addition, companies work with thousands of companies to build and maintain ecology. Multi-purpose software, such as instant communication software, is continuously upgrading and adding functions; mechanical mapping, vector mapping, financial terminals.
The stock has increased significantly, mainly as a result of delays in the delivery pace of the information-based chip. End-users of the chip are at the project acceptance stage, compounding factors such as the government procurement cycle and the epidemic.
At the same time, companies pre-position raw materials for reasons such as supply chain security. Given the short-term impact of the company’s information-based chip on industrial policy and the epidemic, the profits are reduced.
\triangleright Arbitration and Litigation Risks; Product Market Unexploitated Risks; Eco-building Unexpected \triangleright
Risks; market competition risks; risk of concentration of customers and suppliers; risk of loss of core technicians; risk of the impact of the new coronary virus epidemic, etc.
The person undertakes not to use information held in his or her identity, position or practice for his or her own personal gain or for the personal gain of another person.