Investment earnings and impairments perturbing q2 performance, main industry robust long-term event: On the evening of 19 August 2024, the national electricity and electricity service released its semi-annual report for 2024. Net cash flows from public sector operating activities in 2024 amounted to $21.854 billion, an increase of 55.35 per cent.
\triangleright Source Threshold Disturbing q2 performance. The first half of the year, the company's coal power plate was returned to its mother, with a net gain of $1,995 million, or +51.48 per cent; the hydropower plate was swollen and reduced.
The company as a whole continues to operate well. q2 The main performance disturbance factors include: 1. State power investment. The one-time benefit of the 50 per cent of the company ' s shareholding (i.e., the Zaharin coal mine) is affected by the one-time gain of 4.616 billion.
In terms of electricity, although the national level of electricity increase has been maintained at a high rate, water has improved significantly in the first half of the year, resulting in an increase in electricity and electricity consumption and a simultaneous increase in electricity and electricity charge. In 2024, h1, the company reached 202,269 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) on the Internet, compared to 3.34 per cent.
The amount of light-voltage on the Internet is 4,578 million kWh, compared to 119,46%. Of these, single-q2 companies achieved 10,279 million kWh, compared to 1.75% and the ring to 1.58%. Of these, fire and hydropower have increased significantly.
In 2024, H1 achieved an average Internet price of $439.21 for cinda securitiesco., Ltd.
/megawatt hours, 3.64%. Of this, coal electricity costs $460.89/megawatt hours, $5.52/megawatt hours.
The price is 478.95 yuan/megawatt hours, corresponding to 35.73 yuan/megawatt hours, 421.75 yuan/megawatts, 1,495.06 kilowatts of hydropower, 952.33 thousand kilowatts of wind power, single q2+23 million kilowatts, 10,821 thousand kilowatts of photovoltaic and single q2+90.52 million kilowatts.
Long-term growth space is wide: fire and power starters are starting to grow well, wind is expected to grow steadily, fire and power starters are starting to do so from year to year, and we expect to start construction and power projects in 2024-2025 in kilowatts, of which wind power will be 2.3 million and light voltage 1.5403 million kilowatts; wind and power projects are under construction.
The new energy project started at 8.3 million kilowatts a year, with 8.6 million kilowatts and the 14th Five-Year Rule. The company is building a hydroelectric unit with a total river basin of 3.52 million kilowatts, and we expect the company to reach its peak in 2026. In addition, the company announces that it will open another river.
The Eagle Rock Secondary Hydropower Project, 3 x 140,000 kilowatts, which we expect will be completed by the end of the fifteenth anniversary of the Eagle Rock Secondary Hydroelectric Station, which will continue to grow and increase its revenues. Profit predictions and ratings: status of the State electricity sector, shareholder background, asset quality, development patterns
\triangleright, etc., is in the lead in many sectors. 1) Industry position: companies are listed as one of the five major power generating groups in the core conventional energy industry, with the second-largest on the market and the second-largest on the engine;
2) Shareholder background: the company relies on the National Energy Group, the COAF has a strong supply of coal, the fire panels have a strong capacity for cost-side control; 3) asset quality: the company ' s lighter unit is dominated by a large fleet of over 600,000 kW, is better qualitative and is more adaptable; 4) development pattern:
The company has achieved coal-based power generation, with a mixed development pattern, a robust and well-run operation with a potential for installed growth. Due to the sale of coal mines in the first half of the year, impairment of assets, fire power Risk factors: project construction is not progressing as expected: electricity prices are above expectations: electricity market reform
He was a member of the Executive Committee of the China Price Association of Coal Prices, a former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association, and for more than 10 years, he worked as a research consultant in coal and energy-related fields.
V. National research on coal survey and development planning, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy, June 2016, joined with the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the coal sector. From 2019 to the present, it is responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, University of Nanjing, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, formerly the Henging Securities Economics and Finance Institute.
He has worked for many years in coal mining, technology management, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations. He joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 and worked in the coal industry and upstream and downstream research.
Liu Hong Guang, doctor at Beijing University, and member of the Central and Professional Committee of carbon peaks of the China Society of Environmental Sciences. He was an expert, assistant to the Director of the China Institute for Research and Technology of the petrochemical economy, and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption. The editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed research on “Cultural carbon peaks and implementation pathways” in the petrochemical industry and participated in the development of new energy systems in the national ministries.
In March 2023, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development programme, engaged in major energy research and was responsible for research in the petrochemical sector. Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States, Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, University of Tianjin, and its associate.
Three years of experience in industrial research, electricity market transformation, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity industry research, and Xinjiang, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Master of Finance, Southwest University of Finance. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for public environmental studies Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, South-West University.
Liu Xuan, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, July 2022, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, Li Wei, cpa, Master of Accounting, Eisen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, engaged in coal and coal
Li Dong, Master of Arts in Architecture, University of Southern California, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2023 for research in the coal industry, Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Liu Bo, a major management student at Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 to conduct research in the coal and steel sectors. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.