The profits from coal power have improved considerably, and the transfer of electricity to the country has increased.
Events: The company released its mid-2024 report, which generated $85,828 million in revenue in the first half of the year, a decline of 3.22 per cent in the same year, the increase in investment returns from the transfer of national electricity investment, and the loss of value from the Great Henchuan: the company's Māori rate, the first half of the year.
Net interest rates were 14.62 per cent and 11.90 per cent, respectively, and the corresponding rates were +0.60 pct, +5.23 pct; the cost rate for the period was Ryonan Riang, 100 million yuan, mainly due to a reduction of $842 million in the Daehenchon power station; and the corporate asset liability rate was 72.87 per cent in the first half of the year.
There has been a significant improvement in the profitability of coal electricity and a marked diversification of wind profit: in the first half of the year, the net profit from coal power/hydropower/wind electricity/PV was 51.42/265/9.39/582 million yuan, respectively, with the same variation as in the first half of the year, the impact of the fall in the price of coal on the volume of electricity and the fall in the price of electricity, which contributed to a significant improvement in the profitability of coal electricity.
The unit price of coal is 918.94 yuan/tonne, a 2.7 per cent decline in the same year, and the net profit on coal electricity is 0.030 yuan/kWh, an increase of 0.009/kWh in the same year. The current electricity supply of fire power, while maintaining pressure, is now overtaken by a positive increase in coal production in June-July, taking into account the impact of the coal mine surveillance.
The wind profit rate is lower than the power increase, which is expected to be due to the parity project and the higher share of marketized electricity, as well as the weakness of wind resources in the first half of the year. The net profit from wind power and light voltage in the first half of the year was 0.091 dollars, respectively.
There are plenty of reserves, and new energy loadings are expected to accelerate: in the first half of the year, companies acquired new energy project resources. The new energy loadings of the Division accumulated 13.1gw, leaving much room for growth before the target of 35gw. With the company's evaluation of the Galaxy Environment Public Use _ National Electricity (600795); Coal
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
The report is provided to its customers by China Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter called Galaxy Securities). Galaxy securities need not be treated as customers by recipients as recipients of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.