- Impairment and poor weather drag q2 performance group core platform assets of high quality, with an increase of 127.4 per cent in the same year; deduction of net profit from the withdrawal to the mother of $2.18 billion, a decrease of 18.8 per cent in the same year; 40.270 billion won in the first quarter of the same quarter, Liu Xiaoning
In the first half of the year, there was a significant increase in the performance of the transfer of the Zahar coal mine, with impairments and poor weather delays of two quarters of non-performance. In the first half of the year, the net profit from the share of the company was 19.95-0.26/768/431/3548 million, respectively. In the first half of the year, the net profit from the share of the company in the coal mine was $4.62 billion. In the first half of the year, the share of the coal mine was largely increased by $4.62 billion.
Dunspin fell, the unit price of coal entering the stove fell by about $25.5 per ton, and the price of electricity on the Internet remained almost constant; the hydropower plate was reduced by $517 million on a year-on-year basis, mainly by 842 million on the Daescheon power station, whose performance benefited from improved water coming from the river basin after the impairment was removed; wind power was installed.
In the first half of the year, the company made a total profit of $6,624 million, a corresponding profit of four cents, an increase of 1.1 cents, and the profitability of the industry. In the first half of the year, the company achieved an online price of 0.4392 yuan/dry wt. of which 0.45556 per cent were in the first quarter and two quarters, respectively.
At 0.4231 kWh/kWh, the price of electricity fell in both quarters, mainly due to the power structure and the relative increase in the price of electricity and electricity. The value of the river ' s hydropower remains to be revalued, and the new energy selection project is well under way. As of June 2024, the company held 10.713 thousand hydropower units at 15gw levels and the main layout was in the river basin.
Project (3*140,000 kilowatts) is expected to start production in 2029, with an internal return of 7.99 per cent on capital. We believe that the performance and valuation of the company ' s hydropower plates are expected to increase further for the few remaining companies in the country. In the first half of the year, the company added 23,154 kilowatts of wind power and light voltage, respectively, and the company plans to add 8.6 million kilowatts of new energy packages throughout the year.
By the end of June 2024, the company was building 2.25 million kilowatts of wind power, mainly in the regions of Neummon, Shaanxi, Jiangxi, and 6.83 million kilowatts of light voltage, mainly in the areas of Nemon, Tianjin, and Sichuan. The company is building new energy projects to avoid electricity supply and demand, and its return is expected to remain stable.
National Energy Group core power grids enjoy greater potential for development on the back of the group. The company is a core integrated power platform under the national energy consortium, with a coal pool background, and is positioned as a “conventional power energy transition leader, a new energy development leader” and enjoys a corporate commitment to competition with the corporate conventional power supply. We believe that the national energy consortium has strong financial resources and attaches great importance to the development of listed companies, which has been in place for the past few years.
The country’s electricity supply is still more likely to grow in the future, and the quality of the company’s assets is expected to increase further. Profit forecasting and valuation: we have adjusted the company in the context of the current electricity market environment, the company’s 1455 plan, and the coal mine disposal revenues from the Zahasin mine.
This report is presented in an independent and objective manner, and no part of my remuneration is, or will be, linked directly or indirectly to the specific investment opinion or opinion in this report.