Annual Report 2022 and Quarterly 2023: Storage down-cycle performance pressured, diversified layouts in industry, automobiles, etc. Companies publish annual reports 2022 and one quarterly report 2023. In 2022, companies achieved operating income.
In 2022, the storage industry was hit by weak global demand for macroeconomics, geopolitical conflicts, consumption, etc., and the storage industry moved down the cycle. But the company was rich in storage chips, mcu, sensors, etc.
Product lines, as well as diversified market layouts such as industry, automobiles, connectivity, high-end consumption, business income and body rates continue to increase slightly, mainly due to increases in labour, depreciation amortization, etc., sales/management/research and development/fiscal diversification of layouts contributing to the growth of mcu performance, and an increasingly refined “mcu department store” product matrix.
In 2022, the growth of mcu in the product lines was sustained, mainly thanks to increased income from industry and the Internet, which made up for the decline in the consumption sector.
The Māori ratio was 40.09 per cent compared to 11.46 per cent and +0.38 pct; the mcu harvest was RMB 2,829 million, and the matrix continued to improve, producing 38 large product series with more than 450 mcu products for the market.
Select. In 2022, in response to the wireless connection needs of the mcu client, the company produced a full volume of w-fi products in the gd32w515 series; in the area of automobile applications, the gd32a503 series of car regulation mcu products were published for body control, car lighting, smart cabins, auxiliary driving and electrical power supply.
A wide range of Electrified vehicles, such as Quantico Portfolio Ltd., provide development options and have established long-term strategic partnerships with a number of leading Tier1 suppliers in the industry and with the entire garage.
Industry, automobiles, etc. have become more dynamic, and overseas businesses have developed healthy. Overall, industry has increased in the application of corporate products, and automobiles have made further breakthroughs.nor flash products, with lower overall demand for consumption, mobile phones, and pc in 2022, and in industry and gas.
There has been a steady improvement in the area of vehicles, where sales were equal to 2021, where the sales of RVs increased by about 80 per cent compared to 2021, with the cumulative output of RDRs reaching 100 million; industrial applications have grown better with their own branded dram products.
The growth in revenue in the domain and network sector has been substantial, while industrial applications have become a leader in the company ' s mcu product first market, overseas operations have expanded well, sales are on the rise, and overseas industries and automobiles have effectively boosted Māori rates.
Production R & D does not meet the expected risks, the risk of brain drain from key technologies, macroeconomic and industrial volatility, the risk of increased competition in the market, etc. Chief: Zhao Xiaojun's 16-year work experience in the consumer electronics and telecommunications industry, has been responsible for R & D, engineering, supply, etc., for several international head-brand terminal enterprises in China, Ali Baba, Motorola, Fuscon, etc.
Long-term focus on three main directions: one, semiconductor, and hard technology; two, smart cars, and robotics; and three, new energy sources. If not, the future will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.