Geo-Innovation (603986) Electronics with a focus on storage, mcu business cycle turning point and growth, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Short-term pressure on performance, company increases in R & D inputs. First quarter of 2023: 1) pick-up end, company gains 1.34 billion yuan, a 39.8 per cent decline in the same year. 2) At profit end, company returns to parent net profits of $150 million, low demand for downstream consumer electronics, fast-tracking of end-stocks, noor and mcu terminal prices.
We expect that as the industry’s inventory deconstructs, the corporate stock as a whole, may be at a healthier level. The company’s current countercyclical growth in product research and development, storage and mcu structure are moving steadily towards high-end, and we believe that the optimal upgrading of the company’s product structure will be put in place.
• Future outlook: focus on storage and mcu product cycle turning and growth. 1) Noor storage: companies restarting low- and medium-volume noor product solid market fundamentals, further expanding domestic market penetration, in addition to high-middle content
In the area of downstream cars, noor products are imported well, and it is expected that they will contribute more in the future; 2) dram storage: liki ddr3 and dddr4 products are at a near stop from falling prices, companies are expected to trade 1.320 billion yuan in 2023, and we estimate that the company is expected to earn 1.5-17 billion yuan in business revenue during the year.
The dram business is expected to open the company ' s second growth curve; 3) mcu: the company rolls out m7 inner mccu products, enhances the layout of high-end products, gd32a503 RfDs are imported smoothly downstream and will continue to expand into the future.
Gd32a5 and a7 series products are phased in from the vehicle domain, the airspace to the power area, and the driving area, with the storage layout ready for release (2023-01-18), and are expected to benefit in the future from the outbreak of electronic car demand.
Assumption 3: corporate sensor operations are influenced by thinking, and we expect the same change in business income over the next three years to be 67, 42 and 33 times the corresponding dynamic pe, respectively. When considering the scope of operations, we have selected three similar companies in the semiconductor design area as a reference for the valuation.
In Beijing, Gyeongzheng, all-star technology, and kernel technology. Table 2: Comparable company valuations of m7 nmcu are expected to accelerate national production substitution in the high-end mcu sector, and dram operations are expected to open up to 20% in the future.
No compensation of any kind has been, will not be, and will not be, obtained, directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.