Performance circle stabilized, process continuously upgraded + product diversification — MIG (603986.sh) company event assessment report
The report reported operating income of $8.13 billion in 2022, which was the same year as the previous year, weak consumer market demand, short-term pressure on performance, weak electronic demand in q1 camps, rising water levels in the industry, and storage chips in the company ' s main camp,
Micro-controls, sensors are under pressure. On the cost side, 1 MIG (603986): q3 performance + 25 per cent/+3 per cent. The company ' s Māori ratio is currently declining, at the point of de-stocking, collection and settlement.
Stock level ratios have stabilized, and companies have performed fast after downstream demand has returned to warmer performance, with industry and automobiles accounting for 3 per cent, Chinese securities - corporate reporting - mega-renovation
Self-research dram continues to raise, and noorflash is at the top of the world (603986): the first half of the year outperforms expectations, industrial and auto operations drive structural upgrading -
In the area of storage products, the company is the world’s number-one provider of crystalless round mills. In 2022, the company’s R & D costs amounted to $936 million, an increase of 11.16 per cent over the same period, and storage chips and mcu product structures are moving steadily towards high-end.
In terms of dram, under pressure from the industry, the company focuses on branding, actively setting up the Lijidram market, and reducing the volume of surrogate purchases. In September 2022, the company launched its first series of ddr3l (17nm) gdpxxlms, with a great process.
As a friend of Taiwan, in the long run, companies have been active in developing areas of industrial security and car market applications to meet the demand for consumer electronics (including a roof box, television, smart homes, etc.) and have achieved better revenue and continued planning.
Other self-research products. Noorflash, the company grew to 20% in 2022, the market ranks third in the world, and the company’s nonflash product series covers market demand and provides large capacity, high performance and high performance.
Reliability, high safety, low power consumption, small encapsulation, etc., with gd25/55 series full capacity covering market demand, gd25t/lt series being the four spi product departments with the highest data intake in industry.
Columns, gd25x/lx series is 8 spi products, gd25e/le series provides industry leading low-power parameters, gd25wd/wq series wide-pressure flash, gd25uf is column 1.2v low-voltage ultra-low-power spinorflash product to meet master-controlled new workers
It's a multi-track multi-product line configuration, which currently mainly stores chips, mcu.
And the three types of sensors; the storage chips are divided into spinor, slcnand and dram, mcu including the arm core and the risc-v open source core, and the sensors include contact control and fingerprint identification chips.
The number of companies ranked 13 in 2020, the number of companies ranked 8 in 2021, and the share of domestic municipalities was about 5.3%. In addition, the company is the 32nd most important supplier of the Chinese brand.
The company is also the second-largest supplier of fingerprint sensors in China. While maintaining a leading position in the domestic market, it actively explores foreign markets, with sales from foreign customers on the rise.
The market space for domestic manufacturers has expanded accordingly, and end-users have adjusted their stocks for several months without passing internal security checks. The overall stock level in the market has dropped significantly, storage chips have reached the bottom of prices, and orders have returned.
The company's interest in the optimization of R & D and product structures will magnify the elasticity of the volume in the upper cycle, and as demand changes, supply changes and the application landscape continues to expand, it can add up to different periods of business climb, eruptions, etc.
Not 73, 46, 29 times the company’s short-term performance, and the competition in the industry is still strong, and we're looking at the company’s rapid clean-up in the second half of the year, with downstream demand warming.
Inventory, upturn in performance; company diversification can lead to long-term stable performance growth and an increase in market ownership, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Downstream demand is less than expected, the trade environment is at risk, and industry competition is more intense.
The Electronics Group presents Mao Jianxian: Three years of US semiconductor company work experience in the world.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.