Technology-for-profit (600183) e-copper plate price increases, high certainty of performance in the second half of the year
Incident: On 1 July, a panel price adjustment notice was issued stating that due to the high cost of plant production and the fact that the plant ' s cardboard stock reached the bottom line, all cardboards were added to the price of hkd/rmb10 each from that date (1 July).
The 5g license plate, with a significant increase in the number of 5g base stations, will trigger the outbreak of high-frequency high-speed and pcb requirements. According to the progress of the 5g building, the 5g base station reached its peak in 2020, and the high-speed high-frequency copper bank demand is expected to grow significantly over the next 2-3 years.
High-speed high-frequency high-frequency (HFC) communication boards are one of the core components of 5g-based stations, and Rogers of the United States is the world’s largest high-speed high-frequency (HFC) copper-plating provider, banned in the United States.
Following the order, Rogers has limited exports to China, and it is expected that the share of technology for the benefit of the country as the only alternative high-speed high-frequency board provider in the country will rise significantly. The company’s expansion of capacity will be carried out in an orderly manner, the second half of South China’s production capacity will be gradually operational, and next year’s second phase and the Jiangxi line will effectively meet the construction needs of 5g.
• The copper board industry has a good pattern of competition, the copper price has increased demand, and the Māori rate has continued to rise. As a upstream industry at pcb, a high concentration in the copper sheet industry, a high concentration in the environment, an increasing concentration in the industry, and a greater bargaining power downstream.
As China and the US trade negotiations advanced, demand recovered, and downstream stocks began to be replenished. The second quarter of copper prices went down, demand pushed up the price of products, and the technology-for-profit Māori rate was expected to continue to improve.
Billions of shares, first awarded equity prices: $13.35/shares, fully tied to the company ' s interests, highlighting the firm ' s management ' s confidence in long-term growth.
Given the large market space for emerging end-use applications, such as 5g, which will drive the growth of demand for ccl, a larger share of the company’s market and a larger share of the market, while continuing to invest in the development and development of high-frequency product markets, a larger breakthrough has been made, and emerging end-use markets, such as 5g, where competition has intensified, have not grown as much as expected.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.