5g leading companies, with new opportunities for growth, 5g network build-up will significantly increase the demand for high-frequency high-speed coatings and will be overshadowed by the external environment.
There is a strong demand for domestic production in the supply chain for downstream customers. Companies are the second-high-frequency, high-speed-plate production technology in the world. They are expected to benefit. For the first time, they are covered, giving "the tops of the built-in copper plate, the technological advantage is obvious.
The copper sheet area, which has grown over three decades of development and accumulation, has grown into an internal copper plate, with the ability to grow from 600,000 square metres at the start of the plant to 88.6 million square metres in 2018, the second largest sales in the world in 2018.
5g commercial, with a significant increase in high-frequency high-speed copper sheet demand. 5g high-frequency high-speed copper sheet demand has increased significantly due to higher frequency, the re-engineering of the base structure has resulted in a significant increase in the use of high-frequency high-speed copper sheeting and a higher density of configuration at the 5g base station.
In a context of greater uncertainty in the external environment, the demand for national production of the downstream customer supply chain has emerged, and companies have become the backbone of the inner capital, the South China Factory, to fill the capacity gap. The company has earlier placed high-frequency high-speed products and is high.
In the area of frequency, there are both polytetrafluoroethylene (ptfe) and hydrocarbon products. At present, high-speed boards are produced mainly for profit in Guangdong, and the main production base for high-frequency boards is Nantong. In November 2018, the Nantong plant successfully completed its pilot production, and the Nantong plant's commissioning ensured high-frequency panels.
The company is the world's leading copper-plate company, 5g, which injects new growth dynamics with high-frequency high-speed plates, and for the first time covers it, giving an “enhanced” rating.
The 5g network was not built as expected; the expansion of new production capacity was not as expected.