Technology for profit (600183) Electronic 5g drive pcb out of sight, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: The company achieved operating income of $5.97 billion in the first half of 2019, an increase of 2.9 per cent in the same year; net profit of $630 million, an increase of 18 per cent in the same year; net profit of $590 million, an increase of 22.8 per cent in the same year; 5g, an overperformance driven by the company ' s 19h1, a relatively rapid increase in profits in the context of a modest increase in income, mainly in the future
Proactive e-performance from production of pcb is higher than expected. The underlying reason is the rapid increase in supply to the base station during the first half of the year, which has triggered the corresponding rapid growth in the demand for communications pcb, which is expected to maintain rapid growth as the construction of 5g accelerates.
• Active E-for-Live Warfare 5g: Live Electronic 19h1 revenue of $1.28 billion (+28%), sales lines of 430,000 square metres (-15.5%), profits of 193 million (+12.7%), mainly from product restructuring, higher high-speed high-gate unit prices for company supplies to base stations and significantly higher profitability.
E-commerce has officially started construction, with a total planned investment of 2.5 billion dollars, design capacity of 1.8 million parity, construction in two phases, start production in the second half of the year, full production is expected to contribute 1.08 billion dollars, net profit is expected to be 160 million dollars. The project fully completes the projected high-frequency high-speed copper overlay replacement for national production: pcb of the 5g era has a huge demand for high-frequency high-speed ccl, base station, base station, base station
Motor radars, soft boards, etc., require a large number of high-frequency ccl. Rogers is the global HF high-speed ccl absolute leader, affected by trade friction between China and the United States, and Chinese equipment manufacturers like China need to transfer the supply chain to the country.
DeRogers products, which are expected to increase rapidly in the future as downstream producers grow. • Traditional copper plates are waiting for a recovery: the electronics industry as a whole is still in a state of touch, smartphones, pc, servers, etc. have yet to show clear signs of recovery, the traditional ccl landscape is normal, and revenue margins are modest.
In recent years, however, industry concentration has continued to rise as the ring has tightened, technology has continued to optimize with management, the Maori rate has continued to rise, and traditional business is expected to recover as the downstream industry recovers.
No direct or indirect compensation will be obtained for the absence of, the absence of, or the absence of, specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.