In the oil- and gas-high age, the upper poles performed very well.
This represents an increase of 55.3 per cent over the same period; the net profit from non-return to the mother is $89,644 million, an increase of 98.2 per cent over the same period; the income and performance of 22q2 were the highest in the last decade. In the second quarter of 2022, the company achieved operating income \triangleright
In terms of production, 22h1 \triangleright produces 452 million barrels of crude oil, an increase of 2.0 per cent over the same period; and the production of 2358.2 billion cubic feet of natural gas, an increase over the same period.
4.4 per cent longer; 845 million barrels of oil equivalent were produced, an increase of 3.1 per cent in the same year; 22H1 billion yuan, an increase of 167.1 per cent in the same year; and 13.649 billion yuan in operating profits from natural gas sales, a decrease in the same year.
The refined oil industry product structure continues to be optimized, and the profits from chemical operations during the first half of the year have been increased by the cost of raw materials. \triangleright 22h1 has been active in addressing challenges such as reduced demand for gasoline and aviation kerosene, dynamically adjusting the fuel-fuel ratio to achieve gas, gas, gas, gas, etc.
China Petroleum (601857.sh) 2021 performance advance announcement: benefiting from the rise in oil prices, the company operated -40.8 per cent in 2021; in addition, the company continuously optimized its product structure and increased its production of high-value-added chemical products, ethylene and synthetic trees
The production of 376.3, 588.9 and 550.0 million tons of resin and synthetic rubber, respectively, increased by 23.7 per cent, 16.1 per cent and 8.7 per cent over the same period. At the same time, the company has continued to accelerate the construction of priority projects, the Guangdong Project for the Integration of Sedimentation and Gilling.
The abs project is in the final stages of completion and preparation for driving. However, it is constrained by the rise in international oil prices in the first half of the year, the increase in the cost of raw materials, the significant narrowing of the profit margin for corporate chemical industries, the realization of operating profits of $88 million, the same as the decline in sales of finished oil and the acceleration of the layout of non-oil operations.
In addition, the company accelerated the integrated layout of new energy stations, such as gas and photovoltaics, power exchange and hydrogen, up to the first half of the year.
At the end of the day, the company had 185 replacement stations and 152 photovoltaic stations.
The \triangleright epidemic has repeatedly led to the risk of demand falling short of expectations. The methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.