July 13, 2023 was influenced by weak downstream demand, overcapacity, increased homogenous competition, and part of the company's output.
Recent domestic and foreign prices of urea have risen. European gas prices have risen sharply in recent years, and the phase-out of urea plants in South-East Asia has led to upturns in international urea prices, and domestic urea prices have risen.
According to the data, as of 6 July, the Egyptian price of urea (large particles) was $365.01 per ton, an increase of 25.86 per cent from the low in early June. As of 12 July, urea (small particles) roe (ttm)
Cfr Brazilian prices were $307.5 per ton, an increase of 16.04% over the mid-June low. As of 11 July, the main market price for urea (small particles) in Shandong was $2340 per ton, an increase of 13.04% over the mid-June low.
New high-end chemical projects are to be launched, with medium- and long-term growth in the company. In 2022, the company made a major effort to build the project, and the 200,000-ton nylon 6 installation of the Ammonium and nylon new materials project was completed and was ready for production.
At the same time, the company plans to invest 200,000 tons of bdo, 160,000 tons of nmp and 30,000 tons of pbat organisms per year.
Degradable Material Integration Project, 100,000 tonnes/year acetic anhydride project, melamine single material project, and melamine single material material and product optimization project, with a total investment of 50.54 investment proposals for four projects: company projects actively contribute to opening up medium- and long-term development space, but based on semi-annual performance
Intended risk: high risk of raw material prices: continued weak demand in the European and American economies leading to export shortfalls Expected risk: industry competition increases risk: force majeure events, such as natural or man-made disasters, occur. Studies, “positive” investors are suitable for use only at risk levels not higher than “medium- and high-risk” levels, and “radical” investors are suitable for use of our Division's various categories
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a professional manner and with due diligence, and with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it to issue them.