An overview of the events of January 01, 2023. On August 31, WaruHingl published the semi-annual 2023 report, January-June 2023, company \triangleright
The product urea, endylamine, adipic acid, dmf, acetic acid, dimethyl carbonate all fell to varying degrees, and the sales volume of the company failed to offset the downwards in prices and sales earnings and profits were on the same scale. According to Wind data, the company ' s main product as of 25 August had generally increased over the same period in the previous quarter, with n-butylol among them.
Liu Hai Yong, the sales of new materials and fertilizer have increased significantly, and the potential benefits of the mining are significant.
The Division ' s new energy new materials-related products were sold by 96.17 million tons, an increase of 7 per cent, chemical fertilizers products by 15,987,000 tons, an increase of 13 per cent, organochlorine products by 246.4 million tons, a decrease of 4 per cent, and a sale of acetic acid and derivatives by 30.42 million tons, an increase of 6 per cent.
These include, inter alia, products such as endamide, nylon6, adipic acid, isoctanol, and carbonate. During the reporting period, companies studied system optimization in large production systems, taking full advantage of linkages in production systems, further improving marginality; and actively undertaking technological modifications, equipment improvements and management upgrades, and further digging for submersible consumption, together with other products.
1. The depth of the Wallau Heung-chung (600426.sh): the low valleys are colored, and the product delivery structure is adjusted in due course to the changing market situation, resulting in a steady increase in the price of the fertilizer plate, the basis for a new edition - 2023/05/19.
In the first half of 2023, the company reached \triangleright.
Project construction, high-end solvents, high-end new nylon 66 materials, capacity replacements for construction of boilers, etc., are on schedule; installation of the main project elements of the Qingzhou base phase has been largely completed, public engineering pipes such as utilities have been used successively, the division of labour has entered the test vehicle, debugging phase and the project has entered the stage of commissioning.
Investment proposals: The company has managerial efficiency and cost advantages, and several projects will be put into production in 2023, and the volume and performance of the company are expected to grow rapidly. We expect the company to return to its net profit share in 2023-2025, the methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, present the report independently and objectively and be accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.