Wallau Heung-Il (600426), short-term performance, pressure, double base layout, medium- and long-term growth, Wallau Heung-Il.
Hualu Heungl is a modern, multi-occupational, multi-occupational industrial enterprise with a major billion yuan, yoy-25.25 per cent net return profit of 1.710 billion yuan, yoy-62.09 per cent.
At the income end, the fall in product prices led to a fall in the harvest. During the first half of 2023, the company’s main products, urea, vinyl, adipic acid, dmf, acetic acid, etc., were influenced by market demand, raw material formation, gasification, synthesis, “multiline” flexible multiproduction, drops, etc.
The company will speed up the restructuring and optimization of the industry, promote the upgrading of traditional production capacity, and actively develop projects for downstream processing of synthetic gas.
At the bottom of the profit margin, the Māori rate drops sharply, and the profit is strained. The price of the main product drops on the same scale.
The larger impact of the company's enhanced market operations, improved production controls and system optimization offsets some of the reductions in the company's reliance on clean gasification technology, the full realization of a “one-line” revolving economy model of multi-producer production, the production of multi-product chains, the continuous improvement of the integrated use of resources and the inherent advantages.
A sustained push for the extension of the industrial chain and product upgrading opens up new profitable growth points. The Qingzhou I project is on its way, and the “two-base” layout supports long-term growth.
After a new growth cycle, the company, in line with its strategic orientation of “local high-end, off-the-shelf”, continued to implement new projects at the Texas base, upgraded old projects, and built up new energy sources, degraded plastics and other follow-on projects, extending the industrial chain; on the other hand, the company seized the opportunity to create the state.
The second base is dedicated to the construction of the Qingzhou base phase, which is important for the company’s long-term development and opens up the space for company growth.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: the company takes full advantage of the soft, multi-lined economy of the cycle and continuously improves its ability to reduce its efficiency, while the future of new products leads to higher corporate profitability.
Wallu Heung-Li (600426): Short-term pressure on performance, medium- and long-term growth from the two-base layout, the source of financial prosperity in the East, Liu Woo-Chou
Nine years of research experience in the chemical industry. He has served in the Research Department of China-King Corporation.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.