The industry continues to be under pressure, with a marked increase in the sale of new materials 2 quarters of industry pressure and a slight improvement in corporate profitability: 2 quarters of end demand
“Waluhingl Company Review: Some industries are under pressure, cost pressures are under pressure, recovery effects are weak, overall demand support is relatively weak, most of the company's products follow the original prices of materials and coal are falling, and the price differentials have not increased significantly, while companies are one.
2. “Waluhing Up: Re-emerging Core Competitiveness, Recovering Growth Drive”, on the one hand, continued to optimize the cost of the former Coal Chemicals Platform and, on the other hand, continued to optimize the design of new product types, through process optimization and the improvement of bottlenecks, on the other hand.
3. The industry-led bottom line, where new projects will be phased out - current cost controls [for the national gold industry]. While the industry as a whole continues to show relative pressure in the second quarter, there has been some improvement in the single quarter ' s Māori ratio, which is 21.51 per cent in the second quarter.
The ring was raised by about 1.3% in the first quarter of the year to optimize the process of new projects, remove the constraints, and optimize the production costs of the products while achieving a more efficient production of the devices.
New material construction projects are gradually entering production and release periods, with the start-up loads of the binary acid, carbonate meth esters and carbon diethyls, and the second quarter of the company's new energy-related materials, with product sales being raised by about 21 per cent, with production costs falling along with raw materials in the second quarter.
Subsidiarily, the second-quarter product rounder is raised, leading to higher corporate profitability. And with the gradual restoration of downstream demand, the company’s product start-up rate is expected to increase further, and the bottom profit of the overall operation is expected to increase further.
In the second half of the year, Jingzhou bases are expected to gradually become operational, creating a new niche gas gas platform: the company is steadily recommending the Jingzhou I project, which is expected to contribute to the performance in the third quarter, the new project is expected to deliver an increase in the performance of the company, and the post-Kingzhou II project is continuing.
Planning and validation, high-end solvents and nylon 66 high-end new materials projects are already under way, and future planning and construction of new materials projects at two major bases is expected to sustain corporate growth.
During the first half of the year, the company’s earnings were under pressure from the industry, but the company performed well as it did, and with the gradual recovery of demand, the company’s performance is expected to pick up. Downgraded the company’s risk of large fluctuations in the prices of raw materials and products; the project was built at a slower pace than expected, with new output.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market