Building a "c2+c3" dual tap, cross-cyclical real-world satellite petrochemical (002648.sz) company: sustainable layout of high-quality production capacity and high-growth growth over cycles
The company continues to provide high-quality production capacity, and has grown into the largest global production company, the world’s top five acrylic acids. It currently has 900,000 tonnes/year pdh, 450,000 tonnes/year pp, 480,000 tonnes/year acrylic
Acids and 450,000 tonnes/year acrylic acids, 220,000 tonnes/year peroxygen water, 210,000 tonnes/year textile chemicals, 150,000 tonnes/year sap, 21,000 tonnes/year organic pigment intermediates. Companies are still in rapid development and are expected to grow high over cycles.
The forest continues to expand, and the second is the industry chain of the tilt layout c2. It's more certain that the products of the adjoining apps, pe, eo/eg are facing a trend of massive industrial expansion and competition leading to a narrow profit margin, but the company relies on it.
Cost advantages and size advantages will significantly improve performance and achieve high growth over cycles.c Industrial chains: ongoing expansion of existing operations and consolidation of industry leadership
The company is a high-quality acrylic acids and esters enterprise in the country, where the city of Acrylic acids, butyl esters take over the company ' s current business and take over the market and increase profits. The 180,000 tonnes/year acrylic acids, tons/yearly modified pp., and 250,000 tonnes/year aerobic water projects are expected to start production in 2021.
c2 Industrial chain: New business layout is progressing and low-cost advantages contribute to higher growth The current ethane route is basically at the bottom of the cost of ethylene.
The whole industry chain layout of ship charters, ethane cracking and downstream installation, and downstream product signing, is progressing continuously. A phase of 1.25 million tonnes/year ethane vapour fission project is expected to start in the first quarter of 2021, with the aid company becoming a highly competitive “c2+c3” in the country.
Keeping an eye on the company's long-term development and maintaining a “recommended” rating.
"Galactic Chemical" in the fourth quarter of 2020 reported on the strategy of the chemical industry: a high-growth pole with a high-quality breakdown of prices.
(002648.sz): c3 Capability expansion +c2 performance layout open risks, new project delivery below expected risk drivers, key assumptions and key projections:
Propane: As the spread of the new crown vaccine has been brought under effective control, the price of the rebounded propane price has risen, and the price of the propane (excluding taxes) is projected to be $375, 440, 485 tons in 2020-2022.
The price differential for propane has decreased slightly; it is assumed that in 2021, 180,000 tonnes/year of acrylic acid and 300,000 tonnes/year of acrylic acid devices are operating at full capacity. M/t; phase 1 1.25 million tonnes/year of acetylene vapour fission device was put into production in the first quarter of 2021; pe competition pattern increased in 2021-2022 and p-oil price differentials narrowed; and eg-oil price differentials remain at the bottom.
We have a different view from the market: pp.pe market is wide, but domestic production is too fast, industry is more competitive, especially the generics market, and businesses are more competitive in the future than the cost, quality, and after-sales service capabilities. Companies use light hydrocarbons as their raw materials, and they are in the process of doing so.
In the short term, the Department tends to produce marketable products, but in the long run, companies will have to move from a large to a strong field of materials. Companies continue to refine the c3 chain, extending the app business vertically, horizontally expanding the acrylic acids and esters, and further consolidating C.
(c) Subsidiarily driven by higher prices/price differentials for the main products; acrylic acids and esters; modified pp; first stage of the c2 industrial chain; 1.25 million tonnes/year of ethane vapour fission project; i.e., significant increases in corporate performance and high growth of support companies over the cycle; downstream demand drives higher prices/price differentials for the main products; and acrylic acids and esters, modified pp, one phase of ethane vapour fission, etc.
I. Satellite petrochemicals: sustainable layout of high-quality production capacity, building of LFA process taps (i) companies continue to improve industrial layouts and achieve high growth over cycles
Shenzhen Stock Exchange is on the market. The company has now become the country’s largest and world-wide producer of the top five acrylic acids. It owns 900,000 tons/year propane dehydrocylene, 450,000 tons/year pp, 480,000 tons/year acrylic acid and 450,000 tons/year acrylic acid production, 220,000 tons/year peroxyhydrate, 210,000 tons/year textile chemicals production units, 150,000 tons/year sap
Production units, 21,000 tonnes/year organic pigment intermediate production units. Companies operate from the bottom up, building up dynamic energy. In 2012, the company acquired Zhejiang Polymetallic Chemical Company, which was limited, started expanding its upstream operations in the c3 industrial chain, and in 2014 it built 450,000 tonnes/year pdh and 320,000/year C.
The Acid and 300,000 tonnes/year acrylic acid projects, with full access to the c3 chain. The construction of the 300,000 tonnes/year pp installation was completed in 2016 and successfully completed, and the 60,000 tonnes/year sap installation was completed in December, further refining the c3 chain. The 220.000/year hemooxygen water project was completed in 2018. The 450,000/year pdh II, 150,000/year ppII device, 60,000 tonnes/year.
Figure 1: Corporate development is fast and long-term. The C3 industry chain continues to expand, and the C2 industry chain is fully global in nature. It is expected to enter the first stage of the first phase of the CLIP project in the first quarter of 2021.
1.25 million tonnes/year ethane vapour fission project, 300,000 tonnes/year pp new material (research and development of conversion pp) and 250,000 tonnes/year dioxygen water (with electron-grade dioxygen water) project are also expected to be operational by 2021. In 2022, the 1.25 million tonnes/year ethane vapour fission project is expected to be completed.
(ii) Increased performance of capacity expansion, with the contribution of pp/acrylic acids and esters largely profitable, benefiting from improved market environments and expansion of corporate capacity, with companies operating consistently well from 2016-2019, with combined annual growth of 26.3 per cent and 59.9 per cent combined, but affected by a new coronary epidemic since 2020, with companies collecting h1 and returning net profits, respectively
Figure 4: Revenue from company-owned operations (millions of dollars) Figure 5: Share of company-owned business income (%) Figure 6: Māori (millions of dollars) from company-owned operations
Figure 7: Māori share (%) of the company ' s main business The company ' s acrylic acid and ester business, after a low market position in 2015 (Māori rate 6.5%), has been starting with high molecular milk, pigment intermediates, dioxyhydrate, etc. since 2016.
Figure 8: The Māori ratio (%) of the company ' s main business (iii) is highly competitive, leading the industry to an all-industry chain advantage. The company has completed the whole-industry chain of propane-propylene-propylene-propyl acid and ester-high molecular emulsionsc3 and holds it.
The industry has a strong overall competitive advantage. The company is the supplier of acrylic acid, the largest domestic production and sales volume, and the production of acrylic acid takes over the country.
14.3% and sustained expansion of production capacity to strengthen industry leaders. At the same time, the industry chain c2 is configured to create price-guiding advantages for light hydrocarbon processing. Companies promote product price apps that are open and transparent, lead industry trends, and become industry innovation advantages. Companies continue to optimize their propane dehydrocylene technology and stabilize installation operations over long periods of time.
Autonomous research and development of the experimental production of high-sortage bruising-cavity-based reaction processes; successful development and marketing of ultrafibre textile emulsions and electron-level dioxygen water; award of the second prize for scientific and technological progress by the China Pulse Federation and the China Mechanic Industry Federation; and continued expansion of the industrial chain of II.c3 and consolidation of the industry’s leadership.
(i) The trend towards diversification of acetylene raw materials is continuing, and our country is at the forefront of the world, where there are currently four main processes for the extraction of acetylene: paracetral oil vapour fission of acetylene, catalytic fission (fcc) by-product of acetylene, coal/mto/mtp, and propane dehydrate acetylene (pdh).
Globally, the traditional process routes of pea-cerebral oil vapour fission and fcc by-product acetylene are increasingly unable to meet the growing demand for acrylic, and the trend towards diversification of raw materials is continuing. In particular, emerging processes such as pdh, coal/methanol acetylene are developing rapidly and their capacity is increasing, rising from 18.4 per cent in 2015 to 22.3 per cent in 2019, while traditional processes are declining to 77.7 per cent.
In recent years, as a result of the proliferation of the coal-based and imported propane-based production of acrylates, the ratio of our exclusive acrylic production capacity has gradually increased and the trend towards diversification has been one of the highest in the world. In 2019, our acrylic capacity was 4,061 tonnes/year, of which coal/methanol acrylic capacity accounted for 22.0 per cent, pdh for 16.5 per cent, catalytic fission about 32.5 per cent, and steam fission 27.7 per cent, respectively.
The ratio of acrylic content in self-refined plants decreased from 97.5 per cent in 2010 to 60.2 per cent at present, and figure 9: The cost of (ii) acrylic up-and-down chains varies considerably, and pdh has an advantage over the oil route.
In terms of production costs, the process routes vary. In this case, the coal-propylene route is not volatile because of relatively stable coal prices, while the other three routes are more volatile with oil prices. In the current situation, the Methanol route has the highest cost and competitive disadvantage when oil prices are below $80 per barrel. In oil prices are between $45 and $80 per barrel, the oil route > propane > is at a competitive disadvantage.
Routes > Coal routes have the most cost advantage. When oil prices are in the $35-45/bail zone, the cost of the three routes (iii) pp are still in the expansion cycle, and profit space will gradually narrow.
With a wide range of applications and fields, the breadth and breadth of consumption will continue to support the continued growth in demand for our pp. Our external dependence is largely stable at about 12%, with a gap mainly reflected in low-cost generic products in South-East Asia and the Middle East, as well as high-value-added products from Europe, Japan, and the United States.
Our pp are in a period of significant expansion of production capacity, with low-cost raw materials and high- and middle-end products as the main battleground for future competition. It is expected that the country’s new production capacity will grow by 8.25 million tonnes per year in 2020-2024, at an average compound rate of 13.5% per year, well above the rate of demand growth, and the domestic supply pressure on the pp sector will increase sharply.
The advantage of companies with raw material cost advantages and/or capacity to develop high- and medium-end products will be evident in this argument. (iv) The supply and demand of acrylic acids and esters is largely stable, and the industry is expected to continue with a high concentration of acrylic acids and esters in our country, with more than 50 per cent of the country’s cr5. Global acrylic acid production in terms of market share
The concentration is concentrated in four chemical industries: Bassov, Taupau, Japanese tactile and Akoma, with a cumulative market share of about 50 per cent, and the top 10 enterprises with a concentration of more than 75 per cent. To date, there are 17 producers of acrylic acid and acrylate butyl ester, of which the top five produce about 58 per cent and 58 per cent of the country ' s total capacity, with a higher concentration in the industry.
The main downstream demand for acrylic acid comes from acrylic acids (approximately 57%), mainly acrylates, acetate, acetate, acrylates, and so on; followed by sap resins, about 35%, for non-wetting raw materials. Acrylic esters downstream are mainly in the glue industry (about 40%), acrylic emulsions (mainly for building anti-water, cheese glue, aquatic ink, plating plates).
The rapid development of the downstream courier industry is therefore driven mainly by supply side by historical cyclical fluctuations in prices/price differentials for acrylic acids and esters.
The production of national acrylic acids continues to be invested in large quantities, with an annual compound growth rate of 22.7%, the rapid expansion of capacity leads to a significant decline in industry start-up rates, the price/price differential for acrylic acids continues to decline, and the sharp fall in oil prices in the second half of 2014 is one of the price-neutral factors. In 2016, the force majeure of the Bassfoc acid and ester installations in Germany led to higher domestic prices for acrylic acids and esters and higher levels of acrylic acids and esters for profit.
Acrylic acid and ester profits declined in 2018-2019 as a result of high prices of raw material propane market and several large long-term increases. Since 2020, the price of disease-affected propane has remained low and the profit of acrylic acid and esters has been positive, as shown in figure 16: price/price differentials for acrylic acid (RM/T, USD/T)
The future pattern of supply and demand is generally stable, and the industry is expected to continue. In 2019, the country's acrylic acid and acrylic esters were distributed over 33.6 million tonnes/year, with a nominal demand of 274, 1.73 million tonnes/year, with an average annual compound increase of 24.4% over the last three years, the industry is expected to remain in a heating cycle and the total volume of the express delivery industry is rising, and it is expected that the country's demand for acrylic acid and esters will continue.
We believe that the future pattern of supply and demand for acrylic acids and esters is generally stable, and that the industry is expected to maintain the outlook and that there is little room for a significant downside.
(v) The downstream penetration rate is expected to increase gradually, and the sap import substitution growth is expected to be 1.43 million tonnes/year, yielding 700,000 tonnes/year, and the start-up rate is about 49%. The low quality of domestic sap products results in a certain excess capacity, the sap production enterprises will face greater challenges in the coming years, and the production firms at the high end of the product will be equipped.
With a clear competitive advantage, a group of small and medium-sized sap production firms will face a phase-out crisis. Figure 22: Our sap capacity, production and start-up (tonnes/year) Our future sap is expected to benefit from import substitution, as well as from an ageing population and a consumption culture dominated by infants and young children.
According to the China Child Industry Research Centre, 80% of household expenditure on children accounts for 30-50% of total household expenditure, and the family structure of "4+2+1" or "4+2+2" has led to a gradual increase in brand awareness and to the emergence of a new culture of child-dominated consumption. In the future, the number of births in the country may show negative growth, but it is still paper.
On the other hand, the penetration rate of old-age care diapers is not always very low, with a very small base of use. In the future, the rate of penetration of the benefits increases and the base of the elderly population expands, and the growth of old-age care diapers is expected to be higher than that of infants, which will stimulate rapid growth in the demand for the sap.
Figure 23: Number of births in the country (millions) (vi) The company c3 industry chain is becoming more and more sophisticated, expanding and expanding the company ' s profit chain downstream, changing it to a large profit margin. The company plans to invest $600 million in industrial projects in the single mountain area.
The project, which was expanded to include 300,000 tonnes/year of new materials (research and development of conversion pp), and 250,000 tonnes of dioxygen water (with electronic-grade dioxygen water), is scheduled to begin construction in September 2020 and will be operational in December 2021, when the company ' s c3 industry chain will be further improved. The modified pp (including the two main categories of vehicle and non-vehicle use) are the most productive and marketable species, and the company is expected to obtain the most.
Based on the advantages of scale and low cost, the acrylic acids and esters have been further consolidated. The company currently produces about 48,450,000 tonnes per year of acrylic acids and acrylic butyl esters, and is a high-quality domestic leader with a market share of 14.3% and 16.7%, respectively.
By 2020, 180 000 tonnes/year ABS and 300,000 tonnes/year APP will continue to be in production until 2020, when the company will have 66,750,000 tonnes/year of ABS and ester production, further consolidating the industry’s leading advantage. Corporate sap sales are gradually opening up, further increasing the value added of the APP chain.
The process is the only enterprise in the country that has a sap continuous production patent with a capacity of 150,000 tonnes/year. The company has become a supplier to the country’s major paper-pubile producers, such as Fujian and Hunan Kanyon, one of the sap producers with global branding influence, and the new sap process patent has been developed with the authorization of the National Intellectual Property Agency.
The Busan reaction process, in conjunction with the Department of Drilling, has developed products such as stamped pulp, waterproofing agents, thickening agents, etc. Figure 25: Corporate income and Māori (millions of yuan) 3 and 2 industrial chains are about to come into operation, with low-cost advantages contributing to higher growth
(i) The shale revolution in the United States has resulted in the enrichment of ethylene, accelerating the diversification of domestic ethylene raw materials Ethylene production can be divided into three ways: monocetylene, coal/methanol ethylene (cto/mto) and ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethane.
In recent years, the shale revolution in the United States has led to a large amount of cheap ethane resources, a wave of ethylene expansion in North America, and a continued increase in ethylene production and exports, a trend that is likely to become even more pronounced in the future. ihsmarkit projects that ethane production in the United States will reach 2.7-2.8 million barrels per day in the long run; ethane exports will increase from 300,000 barrels per day to 600,000 barrels per day.
Our ethylene production is characterized by a diversification of raw materials, the rapid development of the coal route, the lowest cost of the ethane route, and the lowest cost of the ethylene un(ii) ethylene ethylene, with a particular competitive advantage. In terms of the cost of production, the routes have varied, the coal route and the ethane route have fluctuated less, and the ethane route have been less volatile since 2019.
The route is basically at the bottom of the cost. When oil prices rise, the competitive advantage of the ethane route becomes more pronounced. (iii) The market gap is large, demand is still robust, domestic demand is still strong.
Tons, at a combined rate of about 12.6% in the last three years, have maintained a relatively robust growth in demand. We have maintained a high rate of start-up of equipment, at about 94.1% in 2019, with a large domestic gap and external dependence of over 40%. In downstream applications, more than half of pe is used in the membrane sector, because the membrane is used more often for end consumption and transport.
One important area of consumption is plastics, materials and materials, whose demand has accelerated with the country’s urbanization and the implementation of municipal pipelines has increased. Municipal plastics for drainage, gas pipelines, and underground electricity, communications and shelter lines are used in cities.
Indisputably, a significant expansion of per capita capacity will increase market competition. It is expected that by 2020-2024, we will have 10 million tonnes of new per capita production per year or more, with an average compound growth rate of 18.8% per year, which will exceed the growth in demand, and the domestic supply pressure will be greater.
Power. As per cent of the capacity is released, it is hoped that a partial import substitution will be achieved to fill the domestic demand gap, gradually reducing our external dependence: but competition will grow in the future, especially with the ethane fission project fast crowding out the market with low-cost advantages, the industry is under pressure, and firms with low-cost advantages will emerge from intense market competition.
(iv) eg will remain at the bottom of the cycle, with negative impacts on eo. Most of the eo and eg devices that have been put into production in recent years are co-production devices that can be adapted flexibly to market conditions, and market supply and demand for eg directly affect market supply and demand for eo. We believe that large expansion of ethanol and profitability in the industry
In 2019, the country produced 11.3 million tons of ethanol per year, with a production rate of 8.15 million tons and a start rate of 73.9 per cent, and showed demand of 18.8 million tons; the demand grew by 9.1 per cent annually on average.
We believe that competition in the eg market will become more intense, that the industry will face reshuffling, and that high-cost firms will be able to produce. The restoration of textile orders will provide some support for the demand for the eg, but should not be overly optimistic.
While the resumption of textile foreign trade orders will boost the demand for pta and eg of raw materials in the upper chain of the polyester industry, it is expected that the time and volume of stay in the country will be limited, while the second European-American epidemic will still have a significant impact on domestic textile demand. On the other hand, the supply of eg is too large, and demand is no longer industry-dominated.
The largest downstream demand for eo, up to 52%, will drive up demand for ethylene oxide in the context of real estate and new infrastructure warming. We believe that the combined production of eo/eg will be more reproducing eo as a result of the significant energy expansion of the eg, resulting in increased supply in industry figure 35: supply and demand of the country ' s eo 2015-2019 (tonnes/year)
(v) The new release cycle for acrylic production will show a market of excess Acrylic production into a new release cycle, and the industry will show a surplus. In 2019, we produced 2.25 million tons of acrylic production, a production rate of 1.91 million tons, a start rate of 84.8 per cent, with an apparent demand of 2.17 million tons; demand increased due to a significant increase in production.
Figure 40: Our consumption structure for abs as the largest downstream demand for acrylic in 2019, driven by industrial policies and new energy vehicles, will increase demand for abs with acrylates, but overall demand growth is limited and the market for acrylic will be driven by the release of new capacity.
(vi) The company's efforts to build the c2 industrial chain, and its low-cost advantages to boost growth The company's project to build the c2 industrial chain, to organize the industry from the ethane resource, the pipeline port construction, the rental of the ethane transport vessel, the ethane fission and downstream installation, and the downstream product signing and sale, all of which have made substantial progress
The company's 1.25 million tonnes/year project is expected to start production in the first quarter of 2021, by which time the company will become a highly competitive “c2+c3” conglomerate based on its low-cost ethane advantage.
In 2017, the company completed work on the pre-project. The company announced the construction of the largest annual production of 1.35 million tons of pe, 21.9 million tons of eoe and 260,000 tons of acrylic acrylic (propylene) devices in the country. The project was built in two phases, with an investment of $18.4 billion in the first phase and a second phase of the project planned to be built.
Investments of $15.1 billion have been made. The project can be developed, the project design is commissioned, the low-temperature tank project is under way, and the technology patent for ethane has been formalized; orbit has been co-financed with the United States company spmt to provide security for the transport of ethane raw materials.
In 2019, the project entered its full-scale construction phase, using the most advanced production patent technology of the day, with the master design largely completed, large-scale equipment entering the installation; the accompaniment docks, low-temperature storage tanks advanced successfully; and the United States orbit project synchronized.c2 Industrial chain-building, 2020, corporate ethane transporter and product downstream customers contracted to land.
One Vlec construction contract, with two ship charter agreements with Southwest Tianjin Shipping Co. Ltd.. In October, the company transferred four modern and three star heavy labourers to Singapore eps; the first ship carrying acetane successfully arrived at the company's own pier and completed the unloading of the ship, connecting the dock to the raw materials tank area, marking the official global connection of the Cylon Harbour project.
(iv) Corporate valuations and investment proposals: propane: As the spread of the new crown vaccine has been brought under effective control, the price of oil rebounds to the price of propane.
The price of propane (excluding taxes) is expected to be $375, 440 and 485 tonnes per year for 2020-2022. 300,000 tonnes per year per year/year for modified pp are fully operational. The price difference for propane is slightly lower; it is assumed that 180,000 tonnes/year for acrylic acid, 300,000 tonnes/year for acrylic acid project in 2021 are fully operational.
Yearly increases, pe-oil price differentials narrow; eg-oil price differentials remain in the bottom zone; slightly increased; 250,000 tons per year of peroxy-water projects are operational at the end of their load of 2022; companies continue to refine the c3 industrial chain, extending vertically the pp operation, horizontal expansion of acrylic acid and esters, further consolidating C.
The production of the 1.25 million tonnes/year ethane vapour fission project in the first phase of the c2 industrial chain, which is also being built, will significantly increase corporate performance and achieve company growth over time. The risk of large price fluctuations in propane, a significant increase in the price of ethane, a risk of falling product prices, and a failure to produce new projects.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Research Institute, mainly in the chemical and textile apparel industries.