2022: Performance meets expectations and acquisitions of riverine equity further consolidates natural advantages Keyword: #lower #sleeves than similar companies
▪ Events: The company issued a fast-track report on its performance, with a revenue of 1,418 million yuan in 2022, which matched the expected growth in its performance, which resulted from a reduction in prices and a return on investment in hydroelectricity in Yagi River. The company announced that in 2022 the holding company had cumulatively completed 4.783 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity generation, a decrease from the previous year.
Electricity prices of 0.211 yuan/kWh, an increase of 5.50 per cent over the same period the previous year. 1) The decrease in electricity generation was due to the lack of reservoirs in early 2022 as a result of the dam leak management project, as well as to the decrease in electricity generation due to the “9.5” earthquake in the company; and to the company's new mergers and acquisitions
The increase in the amount of electricity generated by Okeda has reduced the volume of electricity generated by the company. (2) The increase in electricity prices is due to the fact that the average cost of electricity connected to the newly acquired photovoltaic power station is significantly higher than the average cost of electricity connected to the hydropower grid, thus increasing the company ' s total average cost of electricity connected to the grid. Thus, the company achieved the average cost of electricity connected to the grid in 2022.
The net profit from the mother is 3,507 million yuan, an increase of 13.58% from the previous year, and the main increase is an increase of $552 million in the return on investment from Yagi River hydropower, which is expected. • To buy 10% of the share of the Grand River at $4,013 million to further consolidate the natural nature of the scarce assets
According to the company announcement, on 23 November 2022, the company received a trade contract letter, which was determined to be the recipient of 10% of the stockholding of Grand River, at a transaction price of $4.013 billion. After the purchase of the assets, the company’s share in the Grand River will be raised from 10% to 20%.
Rivers are one of the country’s 13 largest hydroelectric bases, a large-scale water-power-development enterprise that collects hydropower and operates a single river basin. The River Rivers has acquired power to develop hydroelectric resources in 17 escalator power plants in the river basins.
The transaction is in line with corporate strategic planning and promotes profitability.
This is demonstrated by the increase in profits that comes mainly from the Yagi Yui River hydroelectricity: with scarce assets from high-quality resource endowments, two or three Yang power stations will contribute to the growth of performance. 1) Resources endowment: Yagi River is planning to develop a 22-level power station, planning for the development of installed machinery.
30 million kilowatts, the third largest of the country's 13 planned hydropower bases, and the implementation of two “four phases” of green energy development in line with the company's long-term development planning and strategic objectives.
Strategy, expected to continue to grow in the next few years. 2) Profitability: 2019 - 10% of the capital country ' s share in the river, with performance savings 2021, the average number of hours used by the company ' s fleet was higher than the average number of hours used in Sichuan province.
3) Growth space: The two estuaries and the Yang Qui power plants have been fully built up, up 30,61% from the original organic capacity of Yagiji River.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board