As expected, the Yakuza River and the Great River are on the 16st of 2023. \triangleright
13.6 per cent over the same period; $3.435 billion in net non-profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, 13.6 per cent over the same period. Companies achieved operating income of $535 million in the fourth quarter, 44.4 per cent over the same period; $588 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, 90.9 per cent over the same period; and non-net deductions attributed to shareholders in listed companies.
The adverse effects of controlled hydropower are decreasing, and the photovoltaic situation is beginning to show: \triangleright electricity at 4,698 million kWh in 2022 fell by 3.2 per cent in the same year; q4 electricity at 1,293 million kW
At the same time, the Yuda power station had increased by 30.5 per cent, making up for a reduction in the amount of electricity generated by Tanya Bay River, with a narrow annual reduction in the amount of electricity. In 2022, the company completed its photovoltaic operation with 85 million kWh of electricity, with an average cost of electricity on the Internet reaching a tight source.
The Yakuza River has grown in value, and the river is expected to grow: the company’s main hydroelectric asset \triangleright Yakwan River’s electricity generation was 88.523 billion kWh in 2022, an increase of 10,696 million kWh in the same year.
In November 2022, the company announced a successful bid of $4.013 billion for national capacity.
The company’s share in the river has increased to 20% by 10%. The river is limited by factors such as the construction of outbound corridors, limited profitability, electricity stress caused by extreme temperatures and lack of water in the summer of 2022, and the tri-quarter reporting point in 2022.
It is expected that the development of hydropower in the area will accelerate with the construction of the corresponding out-of-way grid, that the capacity of the provincial hydropower will increase further, and that the profitability of the Grand River Corporation will increase further.
Investment proposals: Renovation of the dam at the Tanya River Power Station and the retreat from the effects of the disaster, the prospect of improved corporate ownership of hydropower, the gradual growth of the new energy operation \triangleright, the increase in the cost of water and electricity in Yagi River and the continued increase in the return on investment in corporate performance;
\triangleright price fluctuations; 4) fiscal and other policy adjustments. Methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.