The cost of electricity and water q4 in Yagi River increased significantly, and the net profit of q4 was realized.
In 2022, the company issued a fast-track report on its business income of 1,418 million yuan for the year, together with a significant increase in the cost of electricity from the Yagi River hydroelectric q4 and a high increase in the net profit of the q4 parent.
In kilowatt hours (+0.52% of the same year), the average price of electricity (including taxes) on the Internet is 0.288 yuan per kilowatt hour (+18.10% of the same year). The increase in q4 power generation is due to the optimal stairwell movement and the launch of the two estuaries, the Yang Trench hydroelectric power plant in early 2022. We expect a significant increase in the q4 electricity price to be due to the fact that
Liang Yunan holds the hydroelectric power, which was left unstocked at the end of 2021 as a result of dam management work.
Water, and the “9.5” fixation of the impact of the earthquake, led to a year-on-year decline in power generation in the Tian Wan River. 4.698 billion kilowatt-hours (year-on-year) of electricity generation were held by companies throughout 2022, increasing on average 10 per cent of the country's capacity to cross the river and increasing the company's interest in high-quality hydropower assets.
According to the major asset purchase plan of 5 January (second revision), the company proposes cash 10 per cent of the stock holdings of the Grand River Company, which is traded in the amount of $4.013 billion, held by a group of competing countries, and upon completion of the purchase, the share of the listed company in the Grand River will be raised from 10 per cent to 20 per cent.
As of 31 May 2022, Grand River owned the installed capacity of the transferred power station 11.74gw, the installed capacity of the plant was 11.12gw, the installed capacity of the plant was approved for construction was 3.52gw, the installed capacity of the plant was 2.78gw; the installed capacity of the river company was 2021 and January-May 2022.
When the purchase is completed, the department will increase the equity capacity by 1.11gw, which will help to increase the profitability of the company and will further increase the equity of the company’s good-quality hydropower assets.
The construction of the new Yakuza power station is proceeding in an orderly manner, and the hydropower plant still has room for growth. The construction of the new Yakuza power station is proceeding in an orderly manner.
Set-up, master loader 3,42gw, expected to be operational in the course of the fifteen-five-year period. According to the Yagi River Hydroelectric Company ' s strategic plan, 4-5 main midstream elevator power stations (including the completed Yang Diaks, two estuaries) will be built by 2030, with a total load of over 23gw in 2030, which is 20% more than at present.
The new energy project in the Yagi River is expected to break through and become a new performance growth point.
In addition to the company’s participation in three new energy operators, namely, the tri-thmus, China Nuclear Transfers, and the Middle-wide Nuclear Wind Power, it is expected that the return on investment will increase.
Taking into account that the return on investment will rise as companies gain 10 per cent of their shareholdings across the river, I have less than expected access to water; lower prices for electricity on the Internet; less than expected expansion of new energy projects; and an increase in water discards as a result of inadequate capacity.
Tao Maw, graduated from China’s University of Mines (Beijing) and has had more than 10 years of experience in industrial research, and has long been working on environmental public and industrial chains. He worked on civil securities, Pacific securities, and joined the Chinese Galaxy securities in January 2022.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.