Researchchand developmentcenter Research and development of tubes, long-acting growth hormones and vaccine power for herring
– In-depth reports from Changchun Quixin (000661), strong R & D pipelines, long-acting growth hormones and vaccine power with herbs, and a rapid growth in net profits from spring & high and return, and a decline in sales rates.
In our view, there is potential for growth in the domestic market for hormones, and there is scope for increasing penetration. In terms of the agent type, the powder market is now highly competitive, with growth hormones gathering in several provinces since 2022, and the gold-challenging pharmaceutical industry is basically based.
The goal is to achieve a price-based approach. We see good patient dependence on long-acting water needles. As the pharmaceutical industry expands its treatment in Kinsai and fda approvals, long-acting water needles have the potential to be released.
The vaccine is the first domestic vaccine for herpes aged 40 and over that has been developed to fill the country’s cities.
The 100-gram bios are now steadily promoting the marketing of herbs, the Ji Fei agent's gsk product has an annual report and a communication bulletin, the subsidiary Kimsai Pharmacy R & D line covers gynaecology, pediatrics, men's studies, neoplasms, etc. Some of the tubes are already in three stages.
Long-activating ovarians, golden-told antiquities, ginnas anti-commodity, etc. are at the ii clinical stage, while many products are at the pre-clinical, clinical, clinical stage. Long-acting U.S. clinical programs are currently being submitted, and the gold-spill industry has continued to communicate with the relevant U.S. regulatory agencies.
We see the potential for long-acting water needles to expand their adaptive conditions, and for Kimna's single resistance (gang arthritis). We think that the subsidiary Kimsai Pharmaceuticals' long-activ growth hormones have growth potential, with multiple iii clinical tubes.
For the first time, we give a “buy-in” rating. The risk factors are: the risk of policy change, the risk of new drug research and development, business integration and the management of the expansion of scale.
Risk management, talent integration risk.
The main business of the Changchun New Technologies Industries (Group) Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Congchun Goseng” or “the Company”) is the development, production and marketing of biopharmaceuticals and Chinese medicine, complemented by real estate development, property management and services.
According to the company, in mid-2023, the primary products of the Kimsai pharmaceutical industry were injected human growth hormones (polymer), recombinant life, long hormone fluids (water pins), polyethylene reorganizer growth hormone fluids (LDPs), injection of ovarian bubbles, hormones, acetic trayrin injection fluids, etc., products and research and development of tubes covering assisted reproduction, child growth, female health, adult population, etc.
/ Health of the elderly, all stages of the life cycle. 100-grams of biology (a subsidiary of the company Gilling Xeukryon Biopharmaceuticals Ltd.) are mainly engaged in the development, production and marketing of human vaccines, the main products of which are water pox detoxing, cold dry nose infesting flu detoxification vaccines, herpes detoxification vaccines, human rabies vaccine (vero cells).
Medicines, development, production and marketing of chemicals, including hysterectomy tablets, silver schilling rins, dissipation of particles, salivation microballs, etc., covering such product lines as cardiovascular veins, Chinese medicine against inflammation, and women’s and children’s health.
National capital regulators are strongly supportive of policies, talent, and so on. Building on the strengths of local bio-pharmaceutical industry resources and associated academic talent, companies have a strong reputation in terms of product R & D, information exchange, pool of talent, and market opening.
In 2019-2022, net profits from corporate collections and homecomings continued to grow rapidly, sales rates tended to decline, and research and development (R & D) rates increased. In the first three quarters of 2023, the growth rate of corporate revenues slowed.
Product, Māori, which has been maintained in 91-93 per cent of districts since 2019, has seen a gradual decline in the share of real estate operations.3 The subsidiary gold- and 100-gram bio-research pipelines, which cover areas such as gynaecology, paediatrics, men ' s and oncology, have reached three stages.
According to the company's 2023rd-yearly report and communication bulletin, several adaptive disorders in research products, including bright pryrin, long-acting ovarians, gold ovarians, and ginnasal resistance, are at the clinical stage of the lycium phase, while many products are at the pre-clinical, lycical, and ii clinical stage. The long-acting growth hormone clinical program in the United States is currently being submitted, and the Kimsai pharmaceutical industry is being regulated by the United States.
The company’s 100-gram bios are currently adsorbed with a cellless 100-blind (three-part) joint vaccine, a nasal inflammation vaccine (liquid agent), a natural human-wide anti-rabies virus monocbb1 injection fluid, and an all-human anti-tetanus toxoid monoclonone.
Table 1: Clinical progress of affiliates focused on research and development projects, and we looked at some of the potential pipelines: clinical applications for new adaptations to long-acting growth hormones and approval to fda:
2) Injection of Qinna monolithic resistance (ADR application is currently in its third phase of clinical treatment): According to the Institute of Propagation Industries, in 2021, gout became the second most common metabolic disease after diabetes in China. The urea crystallization in the joint tissue causes bad winds, in the form of repeated STDs and pains, and severe patients are easily guided.
Systematic complications such as chronic kidney diseases, cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes. The number of people suffering from gouts worldwide has shown a rapid trend, and according to Flost Sullivan, the number of people suffering from high urinary acid and gouts worldwide is expected to reach 1.42 billion in 2030, increasing to $10.8 billion in market size.
The treatment options for people suffering from gout are limited, and the side effects of drugs are already evident. According to the Chinese Guidelines for High urinary Acid Hemorrhosis and Syphthalitis (2019) issued by the Chinese Medical Association ' s Endocrinology Division, there are acute and chronic types of gout, and the first line of drugs used for acute gout treatments are mainly non-spinal anti-inflammants (nsaids), which are used to relieve pain and inflammation.
Nsaids are intolerant to patients and have a clear side effect on long-term applications. Chronic gout patients require long-term disease surveillance and treatment dryness. Predictable, two main treatments are: 1) treatment drugs to suppress urea synthesis, yellow oxidation enzyme inhibitors (xoi), warning by fda black box for 4.3% of cardiovascular mortality annually; 2) treatment drugs to promote urinary acid excretion and trans-shipment for urinate acid.
Physical (urat1) inhibitors, the first-line drug in the country is benzene bromine Marlon, which has been released from the European market due to adverse liver death events, with a risk of safe use of medications. The domestic market for gourmet treatment drugs is not saturated, and the clinical needs of gout patients are urgent.
In 2019, under the influence of the fda black frame, he fell to second-line drugs in the country, and the volume of sales in 2021 dropped to $120 million. The sales of several other drugs have not fluctuated significantly in recent years, the domestic market for eccentric drugs has not saturated and the clinical needs of those suffering from eccentric conditions.
1. The growth hormone market has a greater potential for growth, with the potential to release long-acting water needles in gold racing, low penetration rates of rhgh treatment of dwarf diseases in the country, and higher growth potential in the growth hormone market. According to Chen Wenjun, Zhang Jie and others, " A comparative study of growth hormone deficiency in long-acting hormones and short-acting hormones " , the cause of the development of the dwarf disease.
In addition to congenital ghd, abnormal growth, tumours, and infections can also cause neuroendocrine disorders leading to acquisition ghd.
According to the daily technology report, 7 million persons aged 4-15 years suffer from dwarf diseases, but fewer than 300,000 have been admitted to regular treatment, with a low penetration rate of only 30,000 people, and many parents still lack proper knowledge of dwarf diseases, which results in children missing the best treatment time.
Genetically restructured human growth hormones (rhgh) have become one of the most important products of modern biotechnology, and there are currently three types of growth hormones sold in the domestic market, namely short-acting growth hormones (polymer), short-acting growth hormones (water pins), and long-acting growth hormones (water pins). Short-acting rhghhh requires daily injections, whereas long-acting rhghhhhhgh only needs to be injected every week.
In one case, reducing discomfort associated with injection is one of the important means of addressing the low dependence of drug use among children.
According to the Chinese Medical Association ' s Recommendations for the Application of Pedagogical Clinical Standards for Genetic Reorganizers, the main applications of rhgh in pediatrics are as follows: dosage of population and drug use, as well as related applications of rhhh in other areas such as burns, assisted reproduction. Table 3: Recommendations for the Application of Pedagogical Pedagogical Standards for Genome Restructured Humans
In 1998, the new company, Jianchun High, introduced the first re-organizing human growth hormone powder, the largest product in the country. According to the National Drug Control Service, as of September 2023, seven companies had access to China for their needles.
In 2005, the Kinsai pharmaceutical industry was approved for the first short-lived water needles in the country, and as of September 2023, only three enterprises were licensed for production in the Kimsai pharmaceutical industry, Ankobi, and Nord and Nord.
Today, the growth hormone and short-acting water pin models of the regenerate have been integrated into the conglomerates of the Guangdong provinces, where the price of the high Changchun price has fallen considerably. On August 26, 2022, the results of the centralized procurement of medicines such as bichlorophene acid in the Guangdong Union were published, for the first time.
From the results of the selection/option, both the selected and the alternative types were powdered, the gold-spill industry and the United Sal products were selected, with a relative reduction of 52.46 per cent and 28.98 per cent in the highest valid declared prices, respectively, and some provinces were singled out for growth hormones following the collection of Anko Biology and Unnamed Hazejin Guangdong Alliance.
In November 2022, the Fujian Medical Insurance Board issued a circular on the publication of the results of the procurement of the 2022 Pharmacies Centralized in Fujian Province, and the Kimai Pharmaceuticals Reassembled Human Growth Hormogen (Saisen) was the only proposed product.
The network of provincial drug procurement centres issued a bulletin on the procurement of the fourth batch of medicines in public health facilities in Zhejiang province, the results of which were published in mid-November, and the selection of both the Kinai pharmaceutical industry and the Anko biowater pollinator.
The country’s market for children’s growth hormone deficiency (pghd) has the potential to grow, and Frost Sullivan is expected to grow faster than the industry’s average for long-lived rhgh. According to Frost Sullivan, the total sales of reorganised human growth hormones in 2020 amounted to approximately $5.9 billion, of which the gold race increased (long-lived) sales of about $600 million and received growth hormone injection treatment in 2021.
The number of pghd patients treated in China is relatively low, and clinical needs are largely unmet. Frost Sullivan expects that China’s pghd market will grow to 35.8 billion yuan by 2030, with a capr of 19.8 per cent for the period 2018-2030, while the long-acting rhgh market will grow more rapidly owing to its safety and convenience.
According to Minnet, in 2022, China ' s public health-care facility terminal Rhgh was sold on a scale of approximately $6.7 billion, with domestic pharmaceutical companies taking the lead, of which the city of Kinsai was more than 80 per cent; in the powder market, the gold-spill industry was branded Top1, with over 50 per cent of the market, followed by Anko Biology and United Sal: in the water-supplier market, the share of the Longsunsai market was as high as 99 per cent, and Anke.
Biologicals and Nord and Nord together account for less than 1%: the sales of long-acting growth hormones have grown by more than $700 million.
In the provinces of Guangdong, Henan and Hebei, where the collection has been implemented, income growth in the first half of 2023 was higher than that of the new growth hormone product in the high spring (23h1 in the gold-spill industry by 3.57 per cent on a year-on-year basis), and the capital achieved the target of a price-for-value exchange.
Aquatic organisms, 2019-2023h1 bioproducts, have grown steadily, and the Māori rate has remained stable. The ratio of agent-type income to yoy splits, omit small volume operations such as child nutrients, and actually we believe that the domestic market for genetically restructured human growth hormones has the potential to grow and the penetration rate has the potential to increase.
The powder market is now highly competitive, with growth hormone collections in several provinces since 2022, the gold-spill industry and Anco-biology actively responding, which have benefited patients who were previously subject to economic constraints, and which have increased the impact of the sale of growth hormone pins and the production of growth hormones. The gold-spill industry has largely achieved its price-effective objectives.
Influenza vaccines are currently available in 100-gram organisms, as reported in mid-2023. Influenza vaccines are in collaboration with the World Health Organization, are included in the WHO global pandemic influenza action plan, and are exclusive in the country.
Influenza vaccination: The first domestic herpe vaccine developed independently by the company for 40-year-olds and above filled a gap in the domestic market for herpe vaccine. According to Bear May, a herpe (hz) is a form of epidemiology from a lurking spinal cord.
Acutely infectious skin diseases caused by the re-energisation of the hydropox-banded herpe virus (vzv) via the cranium or cranium are usually accompanied by rational neurotic pain in addition to the characteristic skin expression. hz is a major global health problem for people over 50 years of age and for people with low immunity. hz is a major global health problem, with a prevalence rate for the general population abroad (0.19 - 10.40) per 1,000 persons in China.
The Hz treatment measures include, among other things, the systematic application of antiviral drugs and pain management, with no special effects. The Hz vaccine can reduce the incidence of hz, which is an effective preventive measure. The Hz live vaccine (zvl) and the reorganization of the hz vaccine (rzv) are currently on the market globally.
There is a consensus that the rzv vaccination target is 50 years of age and older, but because of its high cost and low visibility, the vaccination of the rzv vaccination is steadily under way, and the intelligent flight bureau is expected to accelerate its penetration. According to the 100-gram biological announcement, as of 23 q3, 100-gram biocarb vaccinations have been issued, and 100-gram organisms are steadily marketing their vaccines, mainly individually.
In addition, in October 2023, the wise-flying creature signed a plan with the gsk to reorganize the disease.
The agreement on exclusive distribution and promotion of Hmong, which provides for a minimum acquisition of 34.40/68.80/10320 million yuan for the re-programming of gsk vaccine in 2024/2025/2026, is expected to accelerate, together with 100 grams of life, the increase in penetration of the vaccine on the Chinese market.
100-gram organisms performed faster in the first three quarters of 2023, with $1.24 billion (+43.6 per cent) in the first three quarters of 2023, $330 million (+56.3 per cent) in net profit from mothers and $330 million (+62.9 per cent) in net profit from non-mothers; and 23-q3 income centres
According to the recent communication bulletin and table 1 of 100 grams of biology, the company has continued to advance in the development of clinical work on products: 1) Clinical research has been completed on the liquid nose infested influenza vaccine hysteria and has been submitted to the Drug Review Centre of the National Drug Control Administration for applications for the Gorge Exchange; the zolpidem influenza vaccine, which is scheduled to apply for clinical research next year through the advancement of the flu vaccine pipelines mentioned above,
(b) Reorganisation of the herpe vaccine is planned to apply for clinical research next year; (c) Clinical application for the double rabies vaccine has been processed: All-Human Anti-Ray Dog virus monoclonal antibodies have entered the stage of clinical research in the lycium stage: 4) Group zero-white break-up The vaccine has completed the i-clinical study and is in the process of preparing the iii clinical trial; (e) The tetanus antibody clinical trial is being prepared
Please accept; 6) several research and development projects, such as the Alzheimer ' s Therapeutic Vaccine, are in the pre-clinical research phase. We believe that 100-gram biology companies are expected to provide performance growth dynamics once the species are on the market.
On the basis of our research into the future development of our operations, we assume that: (1) the genetic engineering drug plate: we see the growth rate of long-acting water needles and the potential for market growth in future adaptive expansion, and we expect it to be the same.
(3) Real estate business: Reference to the company ' s land stripping business plan, as expressed in the company ' s tri-quarter report of 2023 and in the exchange bulletin of March, I, 3, valuation findings and investment ratings, we chose Ancient Organisms, Smart Flying Organisms and Vantaa as comparable companies, with industry having a comparable average estimate of companies in 2024.
The value is 15.14 times higher. We believe that the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals company has the potential to grow with multiple ii-stage clinical tubes, that the company's 100-gram bioband herpe vaccine is expected to be released, and that the company's valuation is at a lower level than that of the company, with a configuration value. For the first time, we give the "buy-in" rating.
A series of adjustments to the country ' s health-care, health-care and pharmaceutical-related reform policies, and the continued strengthening of the pharmaceutical sector, have forced the pharmaceutical industry to further accelerate structural supply-side reforms and enhance market resilience, and policies such as the evaluation, collection, negotiation, and regulation of health-care insurance, have put multiple pressures on pharmaceutical enterprises ' production and have continued to face industrial policies.
There is a risk that development (including the clinical trial phase), scale and industrialization will fail as a result of changes in the development of pharmaceutical products from development, clinical trials, approval to production cycles, multiplicity of inputs, and changes in the country’s medical management policy. The cost of doing business may increase during the introduction period due to changes in markets, industries, competition, and the failure to achieve the expected benefits.
This, in turn, affects the recovery of prior company inputs and the realization of economic benefits.3 Management risks associated with business integration and expansion are becoming more complex for the corporate community as firms grow in-house, expand their M & As and expand their product lines.
Business decision-making, business management systems, and talent-building pose greater demands and challenges. How to harmonize, strengthen controls, achieve synergies after diversification, and improve overall operational efficiency is one of the risk factors for corporate development in the future.
Improvements and increased project introductions have increased the demand for high-level professional talent, while the introduction of talent, training, and subsequent integration of management have also posed significant challenges for companies in bringing in external innovative resources and continuously improving their efficiency. Team sellers have been working for more than nine years.
He's a member of the team, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro at ppccca and paraexel, joined the Sinda Securities in 2021 and was responsible for research in the cxo industry, research in scientific services and small molecular innovation medicine.
She is a member of the team, a bachelor's degree in biotechnology from Shanghai Transport University, and a master's degree in information management from Carnegie Mellon University. She has two years of experience in securities, joined in 2022 and is responsible for research in medicine equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc.
CHO Jialine, team member, Master of Quantities in Economics at the Rimnan College of Nakayama University, two years of research experience in the pharmaceutical biology industry, formerly working in the Fangzheng securities, joined the Sindam securities in 2023 and was responsible for research in the areas of medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, icl. Zhang Jong-Tao, team member, Master of International Investment Finance at the University of China and South China, 1 year of research in the pharmaceutical biology industry, cpa (professional phase), formerly in the field of research
It is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.