- Good year, when orange orange was green again. \triangleright \
The core business polyurethane, the growing petrochemical business, and the evolution of the sophisticated chemical and new materials business, which has invested heavily in research and development resources over the last 1-2 years, are all expected to enter the harvest period of many years of sustained investment, and the company industry map is entering another “Orange Orange Green Hour”.
The company has already run two major petrochemical projects, 750,000 tonnes/year pdh, 1 million tonnes/ \triangleright lpg fission ethylene, which are the industrial basis of the company's integration strategy.
This year, the larger and more technologically advanced Phonle 900,000 pdh petrochemical integration project, 1.2 million tons of b.
The company has now ordered six vlecethane carriers, which will focus more on the ethane raw material route, which will lead to the supply of ethane raw materials. This provides a strong guarantee for the stability and economics of public raw materials.
Polyurethane operations: Long-term advantages are further consolidated. The company Fujimdi has completed expansion from 400,000 tonnes/year to 800,000 tonnes/year, and is about to complete expansion of Ningbomdi from 1.2 million tonnes/year to 1.8 million tonnes/year. The company’s long-term advantage in mdi will be further consolidated.
A combination of sales and profits, a new round of growth savings pending 2024, disruption of market supply, a high rate of growth in the demand for a domestic refrigerator freezer, a quick evaluation of the company ' s mdi ' s 20,000-watt chemical (600309.sh) performance: Camp
Short-term profitability is also optimistic. In the tdi sector, the company’s profit and profit boom are increasing both by completing the acquisition of Xinjiang’s power, and the shareholder returns are expected to continue to increase – the build-up of Xinhua’s production, the company’s share of domestic capacity is more than 50%, and industry patterns are optimized.
New materials and fine chemicals: full fruit and orange orange greens. In recent years, companies have been buying new materials and fine-tuning \triangleright 3 million watts of chemistry (600309.sh) from the copper group:
Research and development and product applications have been invested in a great deal of research and development, with some of the major projects moving into the second growth curve-20 harvest period for battery material operations. The company ' s 200,000 tonnes/year poe, 48,000 tonnes/year lemon formaldehyde project will be launched this year, pc
Industry chains, tpu industrial chains, pa12 industrial chains, among other products, have become increasingly competitive through years of continuous layout: quarterly net gains have increased by 28 per cent compared to the previous three-quarters of 2023, and the turnover of individual plates has been steady.
Now, a large number of autonomous research and development projects are in the harvest period, and the investment proposal is that the company is the leader in the chemical industry in the country, reporting in mid-2023 on polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals, new materials, and 5.0 million watts of chemistry (600309.sh):
Areas such as material, through continuous technological innovation and industry chain layout, have established a stronger competitive advantage. 2024 Looking at corporate trends and maintaining a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
One company has grown up: it's expected to catch the next orange orange green harvest, and the size and profitability of the company has been growing at a high rate for 23 years.
Companies have been on the market for 23 years, and they have been growing at a high rate. From 509 times and 338 times as high as the beginning of 345 million cities in 2000, they have been growing at a sustained rate.
As already described in the report “Men chemistry: from a one-wheel drive to the construction of the eight pillars of the four beams”, the growth of companies is characterized by a remarkable “investment-driven step-by-step growth”, and the growth of firms is not continuous and absolutely linear, owing to factors such as the build-up and digestion cycle, which is also a characteristic of the chemical industry in general.
Large-scale chemical projects usually go through a three-to-five-year cycle from the time they are planned, built through construction, to the time they are finally put into production, to a steady high-load operation. In the case of major integration projects of critical importance, companies maintain the pace of development of new projects, new ones, new ones.
Year after year, a new phase in the growth of corporate sales revenues and profits is often opened. The company's first “up steps” took place in 2006 in the Ningbo phase of the mdi project. The Ningbo phase of the mdi project took place after the birth, and the Department's sales income rose from 3.3 billion yuan in 2005 to 7.8 billion yuan in 2007, with net profits.
A similar phenomenon can be observed in the Ningbo II phase, the Smoking Industrial Park phase, the Smoking Industry Phase I project, and the Ethylene Garden Project. The Ethylene Ethylene II project was launched at the end of 2020, with an average of RMB 57.1 billion in 2016-2020, rising to RMB 145.5 billion in 2021, Ping.
Figure 1: MMCP Tonne/year pdh-po/mtbe-propylate project, 600,000 tonnes/year mdi integration project started production in 2015, while domestic industrial policy reforms on the supply side accelerated the phase-out of some of the backward capacity in the chemical industry during the same period
The company’s net return was increased from $1.610 billion in 2015 to production, while domestic demand was quickly repaired after public health events, overseas production was interrupted, exports were growing rapidly, leading to a rise in the price of polymer mdi from $10,750 to $27,750 per ton.
At this stage, the company is at a peak in capital spending. In the construction-in-progress scenario, the second/third year after construction/fixed assets peaked tends to see higher growth in the company’s performance. For example, in 2013, the company was under construction.
In 2023, the company built 50.5 billion yuan, the largest in history, in view of its core business of polyurethane, its growing petrochemical business, and the progress in the production of a large number of new projects in the field of sophisticated chemicals and new materials that have been heavily invested in research and development resources for almost one to two years.
During the harvest period, the company's industrial map is entering another “Orange Orange Green” and it is hoped that the “one year good” moment will be re-opened.
2.1 There are two major petrochemical projects, the industrial cornerstone of the corporate integration strategy.
As a starting point for many of the company’s downstream products, petrochemical plates support the company’s downstream chains of polyurethane, fine chemicals, and new materials. After almost 10 years of development, petrochemical plate operations outperformed polyurethane plates in 2021, reaching $61.4 billion, becoming the single largest contributor to corporate income.
The company ' s annual revenues from petrochemical plates were $69.3 billion and from polyurethane plates were $67.4 billion.
The Polychemical Phase II project is also based on lpg, with 1 million tonnes/year of ethylene fission.
The production of products such as ethylene, acrylic, etc., is further complemented by the production of products such as hdpe, lldpe, pp, pvc, po/sm, etc. The numerous products produced by the petrochemical industrial chain are linked to the depth of the company’s other industrial chains.
Chlorine, pdh and hydrogen from ethylene fission can provide a source of hydrogen for devices such as mdi industrial streptide, tda, and products such as acrylic esters provide the basic raw material for operations such as corporate surface materials.
Figure 4: The company has continued to build two new petrochemical integration projects, each of which is based on existing petrochemical operations.
The three phases of the Industrial Park (e.g. Ethylene II) and the Punley phase are still based on lpg, mainly the construction of 900,000 tonnes/year pdh devices, accompanied by 400,000 tonnes/year po, 500,000 tonnes/year polyether, and eo-eod, which can be an important support for the company’s polyether business development.
Two major fossilization projects have been completed in the previous period. Each project is invested separately.
The two projects are planned to start in the second half of this year in the middle of the year. The company's petrochemical plate, built for the overall industrial development of the company, is expected to grow into a “campus”.
Figure 6: Ethylene II project programme Figure 7: Industrial chain layout of Punley Industrial Park I
At this stage, the ethane fission is more economical than the quartz oil and the lpg route. Currently, the company's petrochemical industrial chain is based on raw materials, the oil route's share of the production of ethylene in China has long been difficult to change, and the pdh fission device has been increasing in recent years, leading to a relative decline in the economics of the pecephalic oil and the lpg-based route.
There are relatively few production units in which ethane is used as a source of fission and it is expected to be sustained over a longer period of time with little additional demand, while ethane is expected to remain relatively profitable as oil and gas mining increases and supplies increase.
In 2020, the company, in a joint venture with adnocl&s, established the awshipping company, which transports lpg goods and other petroleum products from adnoc and global suppliers to manufacturing bases in China and around the world.
The Division has increased the number of Vlec orders for three ultra-large ethylene transport vessels (Vlec) to six in Jiangnan from the Chinese Shipping Group. The last three 100,000 m3 were ordered by awshipping and signed into force on 23 October, with delivery scheduled for July, September and 12 December 2027, respectively.
Months; three additional 99,000 m3 vlecs were ordered in 2022 for $128 million for single-ship construction, which is expected to be delivered in 2024. These new ships are worth about $160 million per ship, with a total transaction value of about $480 million (approximately RMB 34.23 billion).
The United States is the world’s largest shale gas producer and the world’s largest exporter of liquefied natural gas. Because of the limited demand for ethane in the United States and the high cost of pipeline transport, the United States chooses to export excess ethane fluids to other countries, while liquefied ethane requires a suitable ship to transport them.
Very volatile gases cannot remain liquid at constant temperatures and therefore need to be stored and transported at low temperatures (-104°c). Vlec (super-large ethane ship) can carry 90,000 cubic metres or more of ethane. Vlec, however, is very expensive to build and requires very specialized shipping companies to transport and manage.
The shipboards of companies that build vlec, such as the Korea Modern Heavy Worker, the Samsung Heavy Worker, the Gangnam Shipbuilding Company, etc., have been occupied by ng ship orders, limiting the growth of flec power over the next few years. From the company’s current layout of ethane raw materials, the planned capacity has exceeded the ethylene II phase of ethylene.
The demand is expected to see further progress in the company ' s embrace route of ethane raw materials in the future.3 Polyurethane: core assets, tree roots, 3.1mdi: longer-term consolidation, short-term supply or tightness
The company is the world’s largest producer of mdi, and since 2012 it has become the world’s largest supplier of mdi. As of April 2024, it had 3.1 million tons of production capacity, or about 30% of its share of global production.
The market share advantage of the husband has also increased further. Figure 11: Comparison of global mdi device single suite capacity in the world’s 27 major mdi production units, with an average single set size of around 410,000 tons.
All three of the largest sets of devices are operated by Huanhua, with a Bandwa Ningbo-2#1.2 million tonnes/year, a million tonnes/year, and a million tonnes/year of smoke. And the company has further developed the eighth generation mdi manufacturing technology based on the existing seventh generation of mdi manufacturing techniques, which is expected to be applied in subsequent technology conversions and extension.
In the first quarter of 2024, a total of 28.98 million tons were exported, compared to 6 per cent in January 2024, with a 54 per cent increase in the ring and a significant recovery in exports. The largest application of mdi in the country was the refrigerator freezer, and since the second quarter of 2023, refrigerators and freezers have been removed from the negative growth zone.
The production of refrigerators has been growing at a high rate for almost a year, with an average monthly increase of about 19 per cent for almost a year and an average monthly increase of about 25 per cent for nearly a year.
Figure 13: Export of polymer mdi, North America, reported by Skychemistry Network and Lon Dynasty, 400,000 tonnes/year (11 April) and 330,000 tonnes/year (28 April) of Coscos, Texas, by force majeure or by accident, by co-manufacturing capacity.
The risk of force majeure increases over time, with most of the mdi units overseas serving longer periods of time, and most of them more than 20 years. If overseas installations are suspended for longer periods of time, the supply and demand of the mdi market in the country will have to change in the direction of supply and demand.
3.2tdi: The market position has been further enhanced, and the industry pattern has entered a rapid integration period, with Huanhua acquiring the Xinjiang megapower in 2023, so that the Xinjiang mega-power set-up of the Xinjiang titanium, with a total capacity of 750,000 tons, will account for 51% of the domestic capacity.
The number of suppliers of tdi has been reduced from seven at the peak to five at present, namely, Huanhua, Kostov, Bassov, Grande County and Gansu, with a significant increase in market concentration.4 Precision and new materials: full fruit, orange green.
In recent years, companies have invested considerable resources in research and development and product development in the direction of new materials and fine chemicals, some of which are in the harvest period.
The Poe project is a key project in the VCM II phase. The Polyfinylene Elastomers (Poe) project is a key supporting project in the VET II phase, which, according to the company's announcement of 22 August 2022 on the ethylene II phase, was officially approved by the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Industry and Communications and the project's environmental evaluation bulletin, shows that the project was built on a scale of 2*200,000.
Poe is essentially an unregulated condenser of two monomers, ethylene/\alpha-olefins, which generally contain no less than 20% of the content of the second monomer in the poe. Poe was born almost 30 years ago and has not been industrialized in the country to date, with three main bottlenecks in terms of industry and technology. (1) \alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons supply, in particular.
This is due to the inadequate supply of 1-octane in mainstream poe products; (2) research into advanced catalyst systems lags behind international advanced levels; and (3) lack of practical exploration of the high-temperature solution polymer processes necessary for the production of poe.poe is widely applied in areas such as polyolefin material modification, photovoltaic film use, footwear, waterproof rolls, etc.
It's a very high-valued, high-molecular material, which is the most used plastic in cars. A lot of spare parts in cars, including pre- and post-barrel, doorboards, dashboards, chairs, etc., use pp as base material. But there are also weaknesses in the ppp materials, such as high contraction rates, low temperature brittles, which lead to poor impact tolerance and product deformation.
Parts of the car industry are applied after mixing the apps with the elastomers. Depending on the location of the parts, the number of poe additions is generally between 8% and 20%, and the average amount of bicycle poe is between 5 and 7kg. Poe has a strong performance advantage in the field of photovoltaics. Poe film has a significant performance advantage compared to the eeva film.
Poe filtration applications are later than eeva, but its properties can be higher than eva's for multi-sized electrical resistance, water and gas penetration, durability, power-induced decomposition (pid) than for high-volume resistance. One of the main functions of encapsulating a film is to provide excellent insulation and reduce electrical leakage of components.
. As the working temperature rises, the voltage resistance rate of the eva membrane has declined rapidly, approaching 10 {13}\omega.cm at 85 °c, while the volume resistance rate of the photovolvepoe membrane has remained above 10 {15}\omega-cm. (2) lower vapour pass rate.
The physical isolation of batteries and other components requires the protection of battery circuits from water vapour. Poe is a non-polar material that cannot form hydrogen keys with water molecules and cannot adsorb water vapours like the material of a polar cluster like the eva. Poe film has only a 1/10 pass through the eva film, significantly reducing the penetration and decay of components by water vapour.
Potential for erosion. (3) Aging performance is better. Besides the hydrolysis process in which water is involved, the reaction in the ethylene acetate chain can produce molecular chains and produce multiple by-products. The by-products of the gas, such as carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide and methane, remain in the process of hydrolysis.
The formation of the photovoltaic pid phenomenon is complex and subject to a variety of factors. The pre- and post-modification power loss of the poe membrane is very limited.
According to the November 2020 report on the environmental impact of the Huahua Chemical Polyurethane Industrial Chain-Systemization-Ethylene II project, the company built a 920.000 tonnes/year octahexylene device, which is supported by the 200,000 tonnes/year Poe project. 0.79 million tonnes/year of other raw materials such as additives. The device operates 8000h per year, with 60% - 110% elasticity.
The main production units include raw material pre-treatment units, alkyl aluminium units, catalyst units, polymer reaction units, solvent recovery units, volatilization units, squeezing particle units, silos and wind transport units, the whole process being a continuous production process.
On January 23, 2024, Manhua Chemical Group Ltd., Forster Applications Ltd., Hangzhou Ltd.,
The company corporate representative is the statutory representative of Hua Wei Qi, with a registered capital of 80 million yuan yuan and the company's address in the mountains.
According to the share-holding ratio, Huanhua chemistry holds 51% of the shares in the smoke station and 20% of the employees' share-holding platform.
The company has a joint venture with the downstream membrane company, which guarantees the smooth sale and sale of future products.
During the plastics exhibition in April 2024, it was indicated that the company ' s first phase of the 200,000 tonnes/year Poe project (polyfinylene elastomers) was expected to be operational in the first half of this year, and that the 400,000 tonnes/year Poe project of the Punley Base II had been launched and was expected to be operational by the end of 2025, when the total capacity of the Wanhuapoe product would reach 600,000 tonnes/year.
4.2pa12 Project: Full-line connectivity NYL12 is a type of long-chained nylon material with low density, low melting point, good cryogenicity, self-lubrication, oil and gas separation that is widely applied in the areas of car pipes and spare parts, electrical cables, powder coating, oil and gas extraction, etc.
nylon 12 has different properties compared to short-chain nylons. The relative density of nylon 12 is just 1.01, yes.
The melting point is only 177°c, the lowest among all fat nylons, and the lower melting point is conducive to their formation, and the temperature also meets most of the production and working environment requirements. In terms of water consumption, the nylon species with low water intake are stable in size and easily processed.
Twelve tensile strength decreases little, while nylon 66 and nylon 6 change considerably. nylon 12 has the best low-temperature brittle material in all nylon species, especially suitable for use in low-temperature environments. Moreover, the internal structure of the nylon 12, which is closely aligned among molecules, gives them low wear, low friction and self-sufficiency.
nylon12 also has a high crystallization, which, with heat-stabilizer modifications, can also significantly improve nylon12's heat-resistant performance. From the supply end, global nylon12 and nylon11 have a total capacity of about 125,000 tons, of which Akoma passes through.
The nylon 11 and the nylon 12 are produced simultaneously on the nylon route. The single-degree nylon 12 product shows that the winner has a higher degree of integrity and market share in the industrial chain. The winner is a manufacturing plant in Mal, Germany. Akoma has three Pa12 production plants worldwide, ems has two production plants and ube has one production.
Factories. In terms of market share, evonik accounts for about 35 per cent of the total supply of Pa12, and the German Mael plant in evonik is the world ' s most important production centre for Pa12. Figure 21: evonik German Pa12 Production Plant
The 12 largest applications market for nylons is the car manufacturing industry, which is especially used for the production of flexible tube parts. There is a high degree of performance in the vibrations, oil resistance, corrosion resistance, reduction of car weights, and the ease of installation and simple use of the 12 types of nylon hose.
In the field of wire cables, nylon 12-backed wire coatings or coatings have the following advantages: protection from termites; minimization of loss of beacons during transmission of fibre-optic communications; reduction of seawater corrosion by underwater cables.
The advantages of anti-violet, anti-intelligent, anti-intelligence, etc., make them highly luminous, decorative and radiative, nylon 12 powders used as glues and ideal glues for materials such as metals, belts, etc. Domestic consumption is currently estimated at 15,000 WCP12, which was officially implemented in 2019.
The overall construction programme for the project is as follows: the device consists of the cdt module, oxidation (epo) and oxidation (epo).
Modules, cyclododecone (cdon) units (with hydrogen dehydration), sulphur dioxide units, Rasi fluid units, ten intraamide units, nylon 12 units (with polymers and powders) and ancillary incinerator units, consisting of eight technical units. (1) cdt units. Production of 65,000 tonnes of ethylene fission by-products of 1,3-butadiene
cdt, co-production c8 products 1136 tonnes of ethylene cyclohexane and 1720 tonnes of cyclooctadiene were resold and resold. Of 65,000 tonnes of cdt, 54,000 tonnes of cdt were used as raw material for downstream epo units and 11,000 tonnes of cdt were sold. (2) Cellepo. 57,000 tonnes of epo were produced as feedstock for cdt, all for downstream cdon, and 50 million by-products.
Tons of tert-buttol (tba) for use by various users in the park. (3) cdon units. For upstream epo, 55,000 tons of cdon by-product 600 tons of cdol per year, of which 43,000 tons of cdon is used as tcdon and Rasi liquids for raw materials, 42,000 tons of ammonium, of which 40,000 tons are produced as raw liquids.
As raw material for the nylon 12 units, 2,000 tons for out-sale of products. (5) nylon 12 units. Based on 40,000 tons of nylon 12 resin per year, 5,000 tons of powder, and 35,000 tons for 4.3 pc industrial chains: integration, scalation, differentiation and maintenance of three main advantages.
The industrialization project was launched year by quarter 2017, with the first set of 70,000 tonnes/year interface lumino gas pc devices in operation. 140,000 tonnes/year in 2020 pc2.
The following advantages are given in comparison to the ester exchange method and the general photogas method: (1) a mild thermal history, where the temperature of the production process is consistently lower than that of the product tg, reducing the loss of product performance due to heat failure; (2) a good particle range distribution that provides powder products; (3) a higher rate of containment; and (4) a small molecular disability.
The company currently produces 500,000 tonnes/year. Meanwhile, 480,000 tonnes/year bpa, 650,000 tonnes/year of phenol acetone and 530,000 tonnes/year of IPP projects have been launched to bring the whole industry together. Historically, the bpa-pc chain has seen several “price reversals” of upstream and downstream products for independent shipments.
The costs of the pc chain will be much more manageable, providing a stronger basis for the company to play and compete in the whole chain. While the industry chain will be improved upwards, the company has also made significant progress in the development of differentiated pc products.
Rigid layouts, and access to a wide range of areas such as security, consumer electronics, home appliances, cars. 4.4 Lemon formaldehyde: dry excavated. Lemon formaldehyde is an important project in the company's downstream planning. Po/mtbe produces a large amount of tba by-products.
Lemon aldehyde and its derivatives integration projects, based on high-purity heterogenene and formaldehyde, can significantly expand the tba downstream industrial chain, with product lines extended to sophisticated chemical areas such as fragrance, personal care, and day-use chemicals. Lemon aldehyde can produce multiple spice products and nutrients downstream, and lemon formaldehyde is synthetic violandone,
The production of lemon formaldehyde is characterized by a high degree of oligopoly, and supplies are mainly held by enterprises like Basque and Colley. All-China chemistry has been tested, tested, industrialization has been certified, and autonomous intellectual property rights are being built.
48,000 tonnes/year Lemon Aldehyde and Derivatives Project. 2021 E.C.O. states that the company is building a Lemon and Derivative Project in a smoke park.
(nm-hcta devices, including 10,000 tonnes/year of fragrance, 15,000 tonnes/year of fragrance) for a total of four devices.
Ten thousand tonnes/year, 0.54 million tonnes/year of isopenol, 2110,000 tonnes/year of lemon formaldehyde, 10,000 tonnes/year of foliage alcohol, and 15,000 tonnes/year of saconol/year. Total investment in the project is 2,369.7 million yuan, average income per year after delivery, 2.34 billion yuan per annum, planned for 5.1 profit projection assumptions and split operations
Polyurethane plates: mdi’s expected profitability is being repaired gradually, driven by a stable domestic real estate and a greater demand for refrigerator freezers, with product prices rising steadily and sales steadily increasing. tdi’s industry pattern is excellent and expected to be relatively stable, with a small increase in sales. With regard to polyether, companies maintain a strategy of positive expansion.
Fossil plates: The company Plumpdh project and the Ethylene II project will continue production in the second half of 2024, the petrochemical project will produce faster and most of the installations are expected to reach full production in 2025. By that time, the company's petrochemicals will be based on ethane and petrocephalus oil, which are expected to be more profitable than the first Ethylene project.
Fine chemicals and new material plates: the main construction projects are moving forward as planned; the plate involves a larger number of lines of business and products, and the business model for a larger number of products is close to the “market-for-market” model, with a growing competitive advantage in the production or release of priority items such as poe, lemon formaldehyde, p12 and other items, pc, tpu, etc.
The company is part of the new chemical materials industry, which has a larger pattern of polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals, and new materials, and is the leader of the chemical industry. We use the municipal rate method to analyze the company’s valuation.
The company is the leader of the domestic chemical industry, and has established a more competitive edge through sustained technological innovation and industry chain layout in the fields of polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals, new materials. Poe, 2024.
1) The construction of new projects is not progressing as expected. A large number of construction-in-progress projects are being carried out simultaneously, including ethylene II, Punley Industrial Park, Fujian, etc., which involve a large amount of engineering resources, a high degree of organizational complexity and a long week; and devices such as poe, pa12, lemon formaldehyde, which are entirely new to autonomous research and development, from small trials to industrialization.
Project, project advances, with some uncertainty. 2) Risk of declining downstream demand. The company’s product lines go deep into construction, electricity, home, transport, etc., and demand growth for major products is down, and there is even a certain contraction in the stock market.
3. Risk of overcapacity. The company focuses on projects such as ethylene, poe, lemon formaldehyde, the size of the company’s output, the availability of or potential new entrants to the market, the methods and analytical logic of excess capacity in some of its products, and draws conclusions, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.