Mandarin Chemistry (600309.ch): May Report
• iii. petrochemical plate update iv. Other plates.
Forulldiscloreofrisks, valuationmethodologiesandtargetpriceformationonalhtiratedstocks, pleaseretothelestfblreportonourwebsitequities.htisec.com - forulldisclostureofrisks, valuationmethodologiesandtargatepriceformationonallhtiratedstocks, pleaserebertothelestofllreportonourwebsitequities.htisec.com
The company’s R & D costs and capital expenditures have been rising year by year, with the company investing $4.08 billion in R & D throughout the year 2023, mainly around leading business, continuing to expand its advantages, continuing to break through new chemical materials and solutions, and the layout of battery operations.Forulldisclostures, valuationhodologiesandtargateprimentationforglobalhtiratedstocks, pleaserefertothelatestfulrealreportofwebsitequities.htisec.com
I. R & D costs & capital expenditures 2024 Project on End polyolefins and Phase I and II Project on Low Carbon Industrial Parks for New Materials with a planned investment of $14.91 billion throughout the year in the petrochemical industry chain project; and a range of high levels of inter-phenylmethamide, nutrients, etc. to accelerate autonomous research and development
Industrialization of value-added products, projects for fine chemicals are planned to invest $4.45 billion a year, and projects for high-performance and supporting materials are planned to invest $2.01 billion; projects to build a second growth curve for companies and accelerate a range of battery materials, electronic materials, such as lithium fluorophosphate, are planned throughout the year.
Investment of $4.18 billion. For fulldisclostureofrisks, valuehousehodologiesandtargetpricefornationfornationalhtiratedstocks, pleaserreforotherotherfirstreportonourwebsitequities.htisec.com, based on the company ' s industrial standing and strength, continuously exploits the dominance of the leading enterprise, deep-farming interaction and cooperation, recruited and placed in office throughout the year 2023.
Over 5,000 people. In 2023, 4079 or 14.04% of the company ' s total staff were research and development workers, of whom 159 are doctoral students and 1655 are university graduates. The company is constantly developing its talent potential, improving its talent development system and helping the company to develop continuously.
Since the company was listed, each year, all shareholders have been paid a gold dividend. As of now, accumulated cash dividends to shareholders. Over the next three years, the company will insist on cash-sharing, maintaining the continuity and stability of profit distribution policies.
The annual distribution of profits in cash following the introduction of the SPF and the arbitrary CPF is no less than the distributed profits realized in the current year; the announcement of the overseas competitor is issued in May.
900,000 tonnes/year pdh devices and 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene devices are under construction.
The downstream high-end polyolefins project will expand industrial chains and achieve industrial chain linkages and value chain synergies; In 2024, the theme of corporate governance was “The Years of Thinking”, with the goal of high-quality development leading to improved operational excellence.
(b) The battery material business as a second growth curve, with a whole series of positives, negatives, electrolytes and a battery material biosphere. Three battery negative materials are rapidly advanced, and the battery chemicals continuous process is innovative;
(b) To continue to expand the field of external cooperation, building on the basic research and original innovation of universities and the advantages of companies in applied research, engineering magnification and industrial transformation in the fields of new energy, electronic materials, biosynthesis, electrochemistry, emerging materials and digital intelligence, and to promote technological change and the transformation of scientific and technological achievements.
Forulldiscloreofrisks, valuemethodologiesandtargetpriceformationonallhtiratedstocks, pleaserefertothelestfblreportonourwebsitequitis.htisec.com • I, company update of developments in May • III, petrochemical plate update
• IV. Other plates II. mdi industry information and price differentials. In May, the domestic polymer mdi market rose first and stabilized, with an overall upward pattern. As of now (28 May), the polymer mdi market had an average price of $17350 per ton, compared to last month
Prices rose by 3.89%. Early in the month, as a result of export growth and good domestic demand performance, the volume of goods in large northern plants remained strictly controlled this month, with a Shanghai factory directing price rising in May, when the domestic pure mdi market fell first, and as of now (28 May), the net mdi market had an average price of $18,600 per ton, down 1.59% from last month’s price. Supply-side orders were delivered slowly, stock pressure increased and demand entered the low season, with the market’s willingness to follow suit reduced its raw materials consumption capacity.
Forulldiscussionofrisks, valuemethodologiesandtargetpriceformentonallhotilatetedstocks, pleaserefertothelestfulreportonourwebsitequities.htisec.commmdi inventory and start-up rate 2024 mdi start-up rate (weekly)
Forulldiscloreofrisks, valuemethodologiesandtargetpriceformentonallhtiratedstocks, pleaserefertothelestfblreportonourwebsitequities.htsec.com Overseas mdi prices
Japanese pure mdi prices for fulldiscloreofrisks, valuemethodologiesandtargetpriceformentonallhtiratedstocks, pleasereotherothereastreportofwebsitequities.htsec.com, mdi devices developments in May
Forulldiscussionofrisks, valuationmethodologiesandtargetpriceformationonallhtiratedstocks, pleaseretothelethestfblreportonourwebsitequities.htisec.com, mdi Device Dynamics & Supply & Demand forfuldisclostureFIsks, valuationmethodologiesandtargatepriceformationonallhtiratedstocks, pleaserebertothelofallreportonourwebsitequities.htsec.comasec.com
ii. mdi global supply and demand. According to Coth, global demand for mdi is estimated at 94.25 million tons in 2025, with a compound growth rate of about 5%. Intrado II, mdi downstream demand.
(b) The pure mdi downstream applications consist mainly of soles, slurry, ammonia, tpu, etc., where soles are in the pure mdi consumption structure.
The ratio is 27.59%, followed by 20.05% slurry. For fulldiscussionofries, valuemethodologies and targateforformationforallhtiratedstocks, pleaserefertoselestfullreportofwebsitequities.htisec.com, downstream demand from mdi II, mdi
In April, the national production of 9.336,000 refrigerators increased by 15.4 per cent compared to the previous year; the cumulative production of 32.859,000 refrigerators increased by 14.1 per cent over the same period in January-April; in January-April, real estate development enterprises built 68,754,400 square metres of housing construction, a decrease of 10.8 per cent compared to the same period; and in January-April, houses opened by 235.1 million square metres, a decrease of 24.6 per cent, or 20.4 per cent, of the 188.6 million square metres completed.
Figure 2023.3 2024.3 Number of completed houses in China and cumulatively equal to the same amount for fulldiscussionofrisks, valuemethodologiesandtargatepricefornationonallhtiratedstocks, pleaserefertoselatestforumwebsitequities.htisec.com II, mdi downstream demand
According to the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology Network, in April 2024, we completed 2.46,000 and 2.39 million vehicles respectively, an increase of 12.8 per cent and 9.3 per cent, respectively, of which 870,000 and 850,000 vehicles, respectively, were produced for new energy sources, an increase of 35.9 per cent and 33.5 per cent, respectively, respectively.
2023.3 - 2024.3 Chinese motor vehicle production and current year-on-month ratio
Pure mdi downstream: in May, new orders for the final textile industry were not ideal in light season conditions and the downstream ammonia plant stock pressure increased, making purchases of raw materials difficult; downstream tpu loads of 5-6 per cent, the willingness of operators to enter the market warehouse was weak and the raw materials were needed in the first place; downstream shoe base fluid loads of 3-4 per cent, the procurement drive continued in demand strategy, the plant maintained its production rhythm and therefore limited its ability to consume the raw materials; downstream slurry began on a full scale of 3-4 per cent, with competitive pressure on the goods remaining, often followed by the market;
According to the statement, terminal orders are normally held, and downstream plants are under pressure, which makes it difficult to release incentives to purchase raw materials.
Forulldiscloreofrisks, valuemethodologiesandtargetpriceformationonallhtiratedstocks, pleaserefertothelestfblreportonourwebsitequitis.htisec.com • I, company update of developments in May • III, petrochemical plate update
The price difference for foreign pdh (in United States dollars/tons) for fulldiscussionofrisks, valuationmethodologiesandtargetpriceformationonallhtiratedstocks, pleaseretothelestfblreportonourwebsitequitis.htisec.com
Other priority products price differentials for fulldisclostureofrisks, valuationmethodologiesandtargetpriceformentationallhtiratedstocks, pleasereotherothereastreportofwebsitequities.htsec.com III, downstream consumption structure of polyolefins
Forldiscloreofrisks, valuationholdologiesandtargetpriceformentonallhtiratedstocks, pleaserefertothelethestofllreportofwebsiteratequitis.httsec.com, domestic balance of supply and demand calculations for fulldisclostureFIsks, valuationmethodologiesandtargatepriceformationonallhtiratedstocks, pleaserebertothelestoflreportonourwebsitequities.htisec.com
III. Domestic balance of supply and demand estimates, with production in progress, may be oversupply. We estimate domestic consumption at 3692.58 per cent in 2024-2026, forldisclostureofrisks, valueholdhodologies andtargatefieldfieldstrocks, pleaserrefetootherestfulreportwebsitequities.htisec.com.
• I. The company's April dynamic update • III. The petrochemical plate update. IV. Prices and information on other priority products
Biphenolsa: Downstream demand has not improved significantly this week (20240510-0516), new singles in the market have not improved, some of them are more willing to come out, and there is flexibility to negotiate. End demand is flat, with no buying and no buying.
The price of other priority products and information metres/tonnes dropped by 4.81%. The market in the pre-month period continued to be weak, with adequate market supplies and no significant improvement in demand;
• Polyethers: The domestic market for polyethers in May operated with a strong shock and a weak back-up downstream. The current market for polyethers is at an average price of $9173 per ton, an increase of $43 per ton over the previous month, an increase of 0.47 per cent. The domestic market for epoxy propane has gone up to a new high in the year, and the cost of it is affordable, with a long period of repair, a tight supply and a strong supply rate.
Forulldiscloreofrisks, valuemethodologiesandtargetpriceformentonallhotiratestocks, pleaserefertothelestfulreportonourwebsitequities.htisec.com, prices of other priority products and information — HDW uses battery materials as a second growth curve;
• Lithium hexafluoride remains weak at both ends of supply and demand, the price of current raw materials is increasing and falling, and the downward production of downstream enterprises is still on the rise, as well as the convening of industry meetings, which are expected to boost the mentality of the plant and may or may guide the market in lithium hexafluorate in the long run;
The monthly average price of the power-based electrolyte liquid market is 27,500 yuan/t, which is equal to the average price of the previous month. Forulldisclostureofrisks, valuationmethodologiesandtargetpriceformentonallhtiratedstocks, pleaserefetothelest Fullreportonourwebsitequities.htisec.com product prices have fallen sharply; costs have risen dramatically; demand has fallen short of expectations.
I. company's overallupdateinmayii. mdicorupdate
iii. petrochemicalsecretariat iv. others applyix2