Quarterly summary: PS Bank net profit of $11,552 million in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 30.1 per cent compared to 30.1 per cent.
Industry income grew by 9.1 per cent over the year, total assets by 8.6 per cent over the beginning of the year, loans by 11.7 per cent over the beginning of the year, and was rated as a 30.1 per cent increase in the performance of the third quarterly report of the Bank of Peace and 32.5 per cent over the same quarter of the third quarter.
In the last three quarters, roe 11.87% increased by 1.7 percentage points. In the last three quarters, corporate profitability continued to grow rapidly, mainly due to provision, size, investment returns, etc. Corporate wealth, science and technology strategies continued to advance rapidly, five new one-size-fits-all models continued to fall, and private customers continued to grow.
The monthly work of the pocket bank continues to rise, and three quarters of the deposit margin improves. At the same time, we are concerned about: the public sector ' s continued decline in risk preferences, downside rates of return on asset-end lending, and the suppression of net interest differentials; and about the rise in loans, which have led to a weakening of the quality of overdue and retail assets within 90 days, as well as the causes and subsequent trends;
▪ Still looking at the corporate strategy and its forward-looking leadership in the industry, while we believe that the strategic objective is to achieve a better pool of consensual risk-pricing clients and to develop a corresponding model of asset and liability and customer profitability still requires a gradual process.
In the context of a generally smooth business and asset quality, higher performance can still be maintained over the next two years, ensuring that China ' s Safe Insurance (Group) Inc. - the Group ' s own class - runs down significantly from the economy, and that the deterioration in asset quality is exceeding expectations.
"Safe Bank: Keeping the Performance Up, Good Assets Up" "Safe Bank: Lots of Flowers, High Performance" 20210423 S.H.I.S.I.S.
Quarterly summary: PSB net profit of $11,552 million in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 30.1 per cent over the same period, with higher and lower interest rates. Net interest income increased by 5.9 per cent over the same year, and net fee income increased by 11.4 per cent over the same period.
This represents an increase of 17.6 per cent over the same period, operating income of 9.1 per cent over the same period, total assets of 8.6 per cent over the beginning of the year, loans of 11.7 per cent over the beginning of the year, deposits of 10.4 per cent over the same period, a negative rate of 1.05 per cent, provision coverage of 268 per cent and capital adequacy at the core level of 8.56 per cent.
High growth leads to higher profitability, which rose by 1.7 percentage points from the previous three quarters by 11.87 per cent. The rapid growth in corporate profitability in the last three quarters is due mainly to provision, size, investment returns, etc. Corporate wealth, science and technology strategies continue to move fast, five new one-size-fits-all models continue to grow, private clients continue to grow, and monthly bank handbags continue to rise, and three-quarter margins improve. At the same time, we are concerned:
Corporate risk preferences continue to decrease, asset-end earnings fall and interest differentials are suppressed; companies are concerned about the rise in lending, the poor quality of overdue and retail assets, the causes and follow-up trends; core-level capital adequacy rate of 8.56 per cent, and follow-up capital replenishment; corporate strategies and their promotion of implementation are still seen as leading in the industry, while we believe that achieving strategic goals is better.
Risk-based pricing groups, with corresponding asset-liability and customer-profit models, still require a gradual process. The company’s higher pre-value impairment loss accounts, with a generally smooth business and asset quality environment, can maintain high performance over the next two years, ensuring that the strategy will grow at a steady pace over three quarters, with loans growing faster and deposits more marginally.
Since this year, loans have dominated assets, retail loans, and new loans have slowed down. (1) On the basis of the published average balance, interest-bearing assets grew by 9% over the previous three quarters of the year, loans grew by 15.6% over the year, and retail loans have increased since this year under bond investment.
Steady, possibly linked to the weakening of the quality of the new loan’s assets, and the shift to a low-risk class. The increase in deposits was better than in the second quarter, the increase in debt payments continued, and peer pressure continued. (1) According to the published average balance, deposits grew by 9.5 per cent and interest-bearing liabilities by 11.6 per cent over the previous three quarters of the year.
Three-quarter net interest differentials down by 2.81 per cent for the lower or main end of the asset, a decrease of 7bp for the previous three quarters, a decrease of 21bp for the lower base loan spread by 4.22 per cent, a significant reduction in the loan by 2.75 per cent for the safe bank, and a decline of 4bp for the lower end of the ring, mainly affected by the lower return on the asset end of the asset.
The end-of-cycle rate of return is 4.90%, with 8bp below the ring, while the cost of the liability is 2.21% and 1bp below. Credit spreads have also declined, loan returns have declined, sales and returns on public loans have declined, and retail loans may be the main reason.
In the first three quarters, fees increased by 11.4 per cent over the same period, compared to the median reported fees and fees for wealth, which remained at a relatively rapid pace. iii Quarterly bulletins increased fees mainly as a result of fees and commission revenues from wealth management operations, credit card operations, public clearing operations, treasury operations, etc.
20.5% increase; out of this, agent funds earned 3,236 million yuan, or 93.9% increase in the same year, and agency insurance revenues, or 1,088 million yuan increase in the same year. Concern is raised, retail margins are weak, and specific causes and trends are noted.
The ring ratio fell by 3bp, with the negative ring ratio rising by 1 per cent. The measured negative production rate for the quarter was about 1.06 per cent, a low level in recent quarters. The split shows a decline in public bad business and a negative increase in retail sales. The retail rate was 1.15 per cent in three quarters, an increase of 2bp over the medium term, with new loans, automobile finance and other consumer and business loans running up.
The provision contributed to a profit, and the share of the stock credit provision was generally stable. Credit costs rose by 1.48 per cent, compared to the previous year, and the non-lending portion of the impairment loss fell.
Profitability grew the same year, while capital fell the same year. Roe 11.87% increased by 1.7 percentage points, roa 0.83% and 11bp by the same year in the previous three quarters. Corporate capital adequacy at the core level rose by 8.56% ring 7bp, and capital at the first level by 10.58% ring equal.