In the first three quarters of the month, the company realized that the bank had been fully transferred to retail banks since 2016.
In the first three quarters, net profits increased by 30% (1q21/1h21) over the same period.
In the first three quarters, profit-making contributions were split: spending ends contributed more than revenue ends. At the end of the income, volume increases, brand influence, extensive distribution networks, and perfect combinations.
Net interest income has been growing steadily; non-interest income has grown faster, benefiting mainly from wealth management, credit card systems and financial product systems, and has been growing rapidly in order to facilitate the overall retail transformation and business transaction fees. At the end of the expenditure, the cost income has been more stable than 27.8 per cent.
Building leading smart retail banks provides a strong nuclear countervailing context in which the provision is reduced (a 1.2 per cent decline in the impairment of assets in the previous three quarters and a 1.72 per cent decrease in credit costs in the previous three quarters, a 38bp decline). Overall, the provision contributes more positively to the profitability.
This year’s profits are rising at a quarterly rate or indicate that the company’s current stock is poorly disposed of, that the strategic transformation has worked well, that profitability has increased significantly, and that it has the capacity and willingness to release profits. In the first three quarters, interest-bearing assets have returned 14 bp to 4.97% below the same rate, with credit returns.
Considers that the company’s proactive mitigation of risk preferences is the preferred option in the current economic cycle, helping it to stabilize the quality of assets and reduce credit costs. Three-quarter asset quality-related indicators perform well, and there is no need to worry too much about the volatility of loan rates.
A good generation rate of 0.86% is a significant decline from previous years. The poor rate at the end of the three quarters and the late loan rate have declined one step. Concern is expressed that the loan rate has increased by 41bp to 1.37%, or that some of the loans are substantially overdue, leading to a downward shift in the classification. Given that credit costs have not risen significantly in the three quarters, we expect the loan type to have been made.
The group has a strong financial advantage in combination. (1) The client side: the group's customer migration continues to advance, contributing to the company's superior customer resources. (2) The technology side: the group values science and technology and continues to increase its investment to enable the effective transformation of its retail banking strategy by sharing the group's scientific and technological resources. (3) The product side: the group's combined financial advantage.
One-stop financial products and services for customers, and upgrading customer glue through integrated operations and cross-selling. Retailing is a new phase in the retail transition, with a boom in private wealth.
A new model of “five ones” has been proposed, combining retail financial services such as integrated banks, a1 banks, long-distance banks, offline banks, open banks, etc., which has strengthened technology and enabled retail operations to reach trillion, up 16.3 per cent from the beginning of the year. As of the end of September, private banking had grown rapidly.
The number of clients rose from 18.2% to 6.7 million at the beginning of the year to 18.7% to 1.34 trillion at the beginning of the year for private sector aum. We believe that under the new approach to retailing, retail expansion has increased in a sustained and profitable manner.
The surplus industry, high-risk assets, stock-related assets are largely cleared, and the quality of public assets is optimized in a comprehensive manner. At the same time, the strategic client base of the company has been significantly expanded as the "3+2+1" continues to advance towards public strategy, with strict controls on incrementality, selection of industries, customers, products, focus on light assets and light capital.
At the same time, steady asset quality has led to a good increase in business demand deposits (the average daily rate of business demand in the previous three quarters is Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn. We expect a safe bank to collect around 10% a year. The cost of its liabilities is already below the industry average.
There is little room to go down, and the asset rate of return is still under pressure after the asset structure continues to be adjusted, and the difference is expected to remain low. But considering the rapid growth of non-interest-based operations, such as wealth management, which supports faster growth of non-interest income and the growth of Eastern wealth,
We believe that the retail wealth of the Bank of Peace + the quality of the assets that are good for the public + the quality of the assets that are good for the public are expected to jointly drive the increase in profitability. (1) The growth logic of the retail strategy drive remains unchanged.
The wealth management business is expected to maintain a high rate of growth. After adjusting the risk preferences, the retail base is better off and the profit line is more profitable. (2) Accompanied by a sophisticated strategy for public use, it is expected that the quality of the assets will lead to a weak cycle of profitability. (3) asset quality is excellent, credit and non-credit provisions are replenished.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Peace and Security Bank (000001): Profits are growing and sustainable, and the private sector is growing rapidly.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.