Peace Bank (00001): Three-quarterly review of 2021: higher than expected profit, potential: 12.719 billion yuan in operating income in the first three quarters of 2021, a 9.1 per cent increase over the same period;
The profits of 29,135 million yuan, an increase of 30.1 per cent over the same period, and the total assets of 4.85 trillion yuan at the end of September, were higher than market expectations at the beginning of the year than the net profits of the third quarterly report of Bank Ann.
8.1% rebounds, mainly due to the high 2020q2 base and the low 2020q3 base. In the income structure, net interest income increased by 5.9% in the first three quarters of the year over the same period, down by 6.8% in the first half of the year, reflecting narrow net interest differentials. We believe that, as a bank with high interest differentials, net interest differentials in the first three quarters were reduced by a small 2bp in the first half of the year.
To 2.81 per cent meets expectations, mainly due to lower interest rates on retail loans.2 Net revenue from fees fell at a rate of 4.11 times higher than in the previous quarter (the base was very low last year).  Higher than expected growth in net profits is sustainable. 30.1 per cent higher than in the previous three quarters, corresponding to 30.1 per cent higher growth in net profits.
The 32.5% increase in the third quarter of the year. Because of the historic liquidation of asset quality in 2020, there was ample room for corporate profit and release, as shown by the credit cost of the previous three quarters, which was only 1.78%, the ring ratio and the same ratio were significantly lower, while the third quarter also recorded a non-loan credit impairment of nearly $4.8 billion, the full range.
We expect that the net profits will continue to grow at a high rate if the rate of new undergeneration is maintained at the current level for the next two years.
Credit cards, automobile finance, credit card mortgages, and quarterly mortgages will also accelerate the delivery of mortgages, because of the adequacy of mortgage supervision by the Sino-Safe Bank and the attractiveness of mortgage pricing in the current market environment.
At the end of September, the rate of non-performing loans was as low as 1.05%, and the coverage of the provision was as high as 268.35%. However, there were fluctuations in the ratio of interest-group loans to the previous line.
As the impact of the epidemic fluctuates in terms of asset quality, as can be seen from the classification rate, the “new loan” and the car rate are 20 bp, 8 bp, respectively, compared to the previous line.
At the end of September, retail customers aum reached $3.05 trillion, an increase of 16.3% compared to the end of the previous year, of which wealth fund income increased significantly from $93.9% to $3.236 billion, despite a weak overall increase in net revenue from fees.
Year after year: The wealth management plate continues to perform brightly, and wealth management is expected to increase at an accelerated rate as the effects of proxy precious metals are eliminated in 2022.
Yearly Report: Four Quarters of Strong Profit Forecasting and Investment Rating: After the historic liquidation of the 2020 asset quality of the Bank of Peace, there was a 43% rebound, and the negative rate fell to almost six years.
High-growth phase. In wealth management, we expect that there will still be plenty in the areas of fund sales, silver insurance and transformation.
Figure 4: The accumulated credit cost of the Bank of Peace since 2020/09 continues to decline. Figure 5: The Bank of Peace ' s wealth management, in particular, the Fund ' s income from sales has increased at a higher rate than in the previous year. Figure 6: The Bank of Peace ' s retail and private aum continues to grow at higher rates.
Fig. 7: The real rate of undergeneration of the Peace Bank has declined since 2021.