By the end of 2016, more than 1,800 recruitment affiliates had established service networks in more than 120 cities on mainland China.
There are five offshore branches and three offshore representative offices with more than 70,000 employees. By size of collection, companies were ranked sixth in the domestic banking sector at the end of 2016.
The concept of operations, which constantly promotes structural adjustment and higher profitability through optimal resource allocation, maintains a robust growth in profitability with lower capital consumption, and the capital adequacy rate continues to rise. The net profit achieved in the first quarter of 2017 was $19,977 million attributable to the parent company owner.
Dollars, 8.87 per cent higher than the same period in the previous year; retail operations performed more rapidly than large and medium-sized banks that were listed. Retailing by companies has strong characteristics and competitive advantages. New 82.3 per cent. Retail lending capital consumption is low, and in an environment with a downward economic cycle, companies are able to pass through.
In 2016, pre-tax profits in retail branches were 52.97%, or more than 50%, compared to the 2007 target of 22.52%, with a significant restructuring of business and a much higher profit contribution than that of a colleague.
There are signs of steady asset quality. In static terms, the intake rate of bad loans at 2017q1 is 1.76%, and the ring ratio is down by 11bp. Dynamicly, there are early signs of steady asset quality in the company, and the rate of unsound production declined as rapidly as in 2016.
In the second half of 2016, the fall in the ratio of overdue loans began to fall and the pressure on the quality of assets was decreasing. The company was a financial license holder with commercial banks, financial leases, fund management, life insurance, offshore investments, etc.
By the end of 2016, more than 1,800 recruitment affiliates had set up service networks in more than 120 cities in mainland China, with five offshore branches and three offshore representative offices with more than 70,000 employees. By the size of the collection, the company was ranked sixth in the country’s banking sector in late 2016.
Twelve years ago, retail banks were selected as “one transformation”, seven years ago, a “second transformation” of the cover show, and three years ago, the strategic orientation of the “light banks” and the “one wing” was further clarified: the company proposed that the construction of the “light banks” over the next five years begin with light capital, light capital and light banking.
Assets, light liabilities, light operations. Companies respond more effectively to interest rate marketization and economic cyclical fluctuations by building a virtuous development pattern of “one wing.” “one wing” means, on the one hand, strengthening the role of retail “one” as a driver for companies, communities and making full use of it.
Strong retail marketing advantages, which facilitate the development of hosting, investment, asset management, etc.: fully tap the public resources behind private customers such as business owners, corporate executives, and actively refer company customers; leverage retail financial branding services, private banks, etc., to further advance corporate one-stop integrated financial services for strategic customers.
The “two-wing” support role of the industry in retailing, strengthening the supply of wealth management products and high-quality basic assets through deeper asset management and investment: full support for the expansion of the retail financial base through the dynamic development of the payroll, business cards, pensions, etc.; strong support for zero through the close integration of supply chain finance and retail operations
Development of new channels for sales; development of public debt to provide adequate financial support for the development of retail assets.
According to the most recent published financial reports, the growth in corporate performance has been impressive and bright: in the larger context of a generally depressed growth in the industry, the company ' s net profit on parent ownership in 2016 was $62081 million, an increase of 8.87 per cent over the same period in the previous year; and the performance rate has gradually widened the gap between large and medium-sized banks on the market and has emerged from the upward trend.
Roe is second only to Ningbo Bank, and roa, rorwa, second only to the industrial, construction, and, taken together, the overall profitability of the commercial banks is strong.
On average, most listed banks experienced a marked decline in the weighted return on risk assets in 2016, with only merchant banks rising against the market for the last three years, at 1.8 per cent, 1.8 per cent, 1.84 per cent, respectively. Next to construction, industry, and closing the gap.
The company follows the concept of “light banking” and constantly promotes structural adjustment and higher profitability through optimal resource allocation. A robust growth in profitability has been sustained with low capital consumption, and capital adequacy has continued to rise.
2.2 Retail performance is prominent, ballast and stabilizer companies have earlier set retail banking targets, have been focusing on retailing as a priority area, and have been deepening retail business systems through a constantly improved business management system, product systems, service systems and risk prevention systems.
A solid, high-quality, broad retail customer base has been developed, with a strong competitive advantage in core business areas such as wealth management, private banking, retail credit, consumer finance, etc. Companies have long been pursuing a development strategy centred on retailing, which has been highly distinctive in its recruitment.
In 2016, pre-tax profits in retail divisions were 52.97%, or more than 50%, compared to the 2007 target of 22.52%, and business restructuring was significant. In terms of business ratios, we chose a similar scale, but the number of points was more cross-checked, and the number of points was compared.
The share of retail loans has increased from year to year, but the rate at the end of 2016 reached 47.23 per cent, the level of service behaviour was 28.91 per cent, and the ratio of retail deposits to the economic and market environment has not changed significantly.
Over 50 per cent, with 82.3 per cent of the retail loan capital consumed in 2015, and in an environment with a downward economic cycle, the public sector performed better than the same industry, and retail operations were a major success. The pre-tax profits on corporate retail financial operations in late 2016 amounted to $4599 million, an increase of 23.04 per cent over the previous year.
The advantages of commercial banks in retail business are evident in our choice of share-based banks and urban comptoirs for the highest share of retail business, Ningbo, and Min Seong Bank. The company’s balance of total retail management customer assets (aum) at the end of 2016 increased by $780.9 billion, compared to the end of the previous year.
The total amount of retail loans was 50.45 per cent of the company’s total loans; credit card aggregates exceeded 2.2 trillion yuan a year, a record high. In the larger retail stock houses, the size of the retail customer’s assets was already the same.
The company ' s private banking operations entered the world ' s top 20 in 2016, reaching 59,560 private bank clients by the end of 2016, an increase of 21.47 per cent over the end of the previous year; the total assets of the managed private bankers were $1,659.5 billion, an increase of 32.54 per cent over the end of the previous year. The recruitment of private banking goes well beyond the share-based business and the big bankers and middle-class banks.
In the area of retail finance, the “cellular priority” strategy is maintained, the customer service interface is constantly moving to mobile phones, and mobile phones continue to innovate for the centre's product and business model.
2.3 The quality of assets is stable, and risk controls are stringent. The rate of non-performing loans of 2017q1 is 1.76%, and the ring ratio is down by 11bp. Dynamicly, the quality of corporate assets shows early signs of stability.
In comparison with the rate of overdue loans and the rate of non-performing loans, the rate of overdue loans of more than three months is lower than in 2016.
The drop in the proportion of overdue loans started to fall half a year later, means that the pressure on late loans has also declined, and the pressure on asset quality is decreasing. In terms of the ratio of late loans to non-performing loans, the recruitment has declined since the second half of 2015, implying a reduction in the number of overdue loans and a reduction in the pressure on asset quality.
Individual loans are far lower than public loans in comparison to the non-performing rate of public loans, and have been rising steadily in recent years, but they have remained relatively stable at a low level. Individual mortgage lending is a very high-quality loan type, with a poor rate of 0.42 per cent for individual mortgage loans at the end of 2016, while the highest rate of non-performing credit card loans is only 1.4 per cent.
The annual rate of non-performing loans was 6.38 per cent, an increase of 1.79 per cent. In 2016, the rate of non-performing loans fell by 2.64 per cent, or 1.89 per cent, in the wholesale retail sector.
In the context of financial deleveraging, listed banks are generally under a lot of stifling pressure. In 2016, the size of their assets grew by 8.54%, with a negative increase in their assets, reflecting a higher level of risk management and a more rigorous approach to management, we compared the performance of the three more representative banks, namely, the Industrial Development Bank, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, and the Poupha Bank, with a more representative approach to their valuation.
Prior to 2011, banks had a significant relative valuation premium and, after the start of the two transitions, the valuation advantage was gradually reduced, while in 2013-2015, the Bank exceeded both 2015-2016, but in 2017 the recruitment was again significantly exceeded, as evidenced by the market ' s recognition of the development model and performance of the hiring bank.
In the face of a downward economic climate in the industry, companies have maintained a relatively high level of profitability and growth in performance, with a steady rise in capital adequacy, long-standing insistence on a development strategy centred on retailing, which has strong characteristics and competitive advantages, and has significantly widened the gap with their counterparts in future finance.
In terms of risk management, there is less pressure on asset quality and regulation under a strict culture of control. Overall, firms’ differentiated competitive advantages are gradually emerging, and it is expected that they will continue to dominate in the medium to long term, with investors being advised that the “market index” reference point for this rating system is 300 indexes.
The underlying risk rating is given in the markets studied, i.e. in the case of certificates and derivatives markets, where the underlying risk rating is a high risk; and in the case of equity, equity-based fund markets, where the underlying risk rating is a general risk rating: in the case of market-related studies such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, where the underlying risk rating is a low risk rating.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.