The pressure on the traditional car product line was felt, and the new energy volume was produced at the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Incident: Three-quarterly reports issued by the company in 2018, yielding business income of $14.26 billion (yoy-1.7%) during the reporting period, net profit on maternity of $50 million (yoy-89.9%), with an overall Māori rate of 23.8%, an increase of 1.6 pp over the same period. Net profit falls largely as a result of new energy vehicle projects.
The net return profit achieved by the company in the first three quarters was $650 million, an increase of 2.2 per cent over the previous three quarters, and the rate of increase in the non-net profit rate was 8.7 per cent, compared with $1.05 billion in the previous three quarters, an increase of $650 million over the same period last year, and the company ' s new energy vehicle project is still in the process of being invested and the sfmotor brand is about to produce.
Traditional vehicle operations were under stress and structural upgrades continued. 253,000 vehicles were sold in the previous three quarters, down 11.4 per cent from the previous quarter, mainly as a result of the company ' s active contraction of mpv and microcar operations, and the suv cumulative sale of electric vehicles was still in the advanced R & D and capacity investment phase, delaying performance, and a new brand was expected to be in place.
The company has now completed the closed ring of the Sfmotor (Golden) branding industry chain and released the power drive system and sf5 and sf7. The product covers 100 kw-400kw power range, allowing an acceleration of 0-100 km in 3 seconds.
The construction of the Kim Conkung digital plant in Chongqing is now in its experimental production phase, delivery. The company is fully committed to keeping the high-end electric vehicle product, and the future new energy business is expected to bring the company a great deal of business elasticity, re-creation and brand-up.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals. Due to the slowdown in the company’s traditional car business, R & D costs drag on the company’s performance, Xiaokang shares (601127): traditional suv remains the cash gold cow business, electric car R & D drags on performance
(208-08-30) Rapid vision and increased investment in new energy research and development (2018-04-29)
3. Xiaokang shares (601127): suv precision positioning successful, re-branding of new energy products
On the basis of the above assumptions, we forecast the cost of sub-operational income for the company for 2018-2020 as follows: No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, for not having done so, or for not having done so, or for having received any form of compensation as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.