Growth accelerated in the third quarter and the rejuvenation of the wine was justified Investment rating: increased (maintenance) 3 quarterly reports issued by companies with gross operating income of $10.4 billion (+13.1% yoy) for the first three quarters, net return to the mother of $2.46 billion
(+43.8% yoy) 3q20 has a gross operating income of $3.48 billion, +25.2%, a net return from mothers of 860 million, +69.4%, and the growing of the cerebral platinum has accelerated and continued with a two-wheel drive. 3q20 continues its strategy of “high and medium lifting” with obvious results, followed by a series of high-end green flowers deep in core end-building and core consumer development, with a structure of 20 or so bright.
50 per cent of them, 30 per cent of them, 50 per cent of them left behind, 40 per cent of them left behind, and 25 per cent of them left behind. q3 or more are expected to grow by more than 40 per cent, and the second-high-end orthopaedics continue to grow at a rapid pace, looking to the high end of the North, with a brand of 10 billion singles; and 3q20, driven by market construction, continues to grow from about 80 per cent of Panama in the provinces.
Long; as a representative of a high-quality, limousine high-light bottle, the bologna is positioned to foster a consumer's aroma, to guide the elimination of company prices compared to the depth of 300, to raise costs, to shift to medium- and high-end salivants, to sell naturally at the strategic “bottom of control” and to plan an increase of about 10 per cent over 20 years.
Consumption has risen to a level of 10 billion singles; about 60 per cent of the market in the main feast market outside the old white province has benefited from an over-expected recovery in mid-autumn and 3q20 is expected to recover rapidly. On the product structure, high growth in the company has led to a 2q increase in output by 2.2 pcts, with a shift in the structure of the product leading to significant growth.
One billion yuan, an increase of 850 million yuan over 3q19 million and a net cash flow of 550 million yuan for 3q20 operations, an increase of 67 per cent; and 3q20, an increase of 107 per cent in sales costs, or an increase of 28.5 per cent in management costs and an increase of 7.6 per cent in operating taxes, which is generally normal, owing to continuous investment in brand and channel construction.
The proportion of out-of-departments has continued to rise, while the general nationalization is on the way. 3q20, the intra-provincial market has reached $1.51 billion, an increase of 14.1 per cent, the out-of-provincial market has reached $1.95 billion, an increase of 39.1 per cent, the out-of-provincial ratio has risen to 56.3 per cent, the same figure is 4.9 pc, the regional quality has continued to rise, the 1357 strategy has continued to ferment, and the slates of the Xizu and Kyunjin provinces have steadily increased.
Long, Huatung, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, where the central market performance in the long triangle and the bead triangle has been very high, the focus is on the south of the river, we see the wine forming a block in the northern market, the pan-nationalization process, The Shanxi wine first covered: the country changed for three years, looking at the green.
Two-wheel drive, 2020-6-30, looking at a double-wheel-drive, in the new three years, keeping the q3 rating. On the basis of the q3 super-expected growth, we're going up.
Revenue projections for 2020-2022 are 19 per cent, 20 per cent, 18 per cent, and net profit for mothers is 42 per cent. Saffrons are expected to represent high-end wine in the north, with high-end green flowers and high-light bottles of wine in focus. Channel ends, strategies. Continued fission, mixed dividends are expected to be released. Regional and extra-provincial expansion is widespread and companies are still in place.
In the long-term core phase, performance is highly certain, medium- and long-term values are highlighted, and an “enhanced” rating is maintained. Using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are presented independently and objectively, from the market, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of these messages or of any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
Reference. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.