Three-quarterly review of Shanxi Liquor (600809.sh) The company published three-quarterly reports, which generated $10,374 million in revenue in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 13.05 per cent;
In the third quarter, the growth rate increased, the out-of-town growth accelerated, the share expanded and the nationalization process continued. In the third quarter, the net profits from the recovery, repatriation and repatriation grew by 26.37 per cent and 69.31 per cent, respectively, and performance grew faster than in the first half of the year. 39.07 per cent, the intra-provincial market increased slightly from the same year in the first half of the year, and out-of-town growth accelerated.
Sales increased by 54.9% compared to the first half of the year. The growth of the Rimxi market outside the province, the growth of the market, the growth of the market south of the river and the east of the country, the strong structure of the marketing groups in the immediate outlying regulatory areas, the increase of 336 dealers in the last three quarters, mainly the increase in the number of dealers outside the province of the rum, almond village series and the sale of jala wine.
The increase in Māori rates and net interest rates has increased by 2.98 pct and 4.02% over the previous three quarters.
Many price increases over the product years, raising the rate of Māori under the cultivation of Xiaohua, and the increase in the first three quarters of Xiaohua's use of more than 35 per cent, and the upturning of the Xinghua Renaissance will promote higher profit margins and raise the overall profitability of the company.
Sales costs have increased by the same year, taxes and surcharges have decreased by the same year, and advance receipts have increased. q3 sales costs have increased by 16.72 per cent, compared with 6.42 pct, mainly due to national roll-out costs for products such as the Saffron series, which is worth hundreds of millions of yuan, or 543 million more at the end of the second quarter, and are associated with an increase in pre-financing by mid-autumn dealers.
The brands are strong, and the next half of nationalization is growing in time. The q3 q3 series is expected to increase by more than 35%, and the 30-star end price is stable at more than $650, price increases and branding activities are driving up the image of the Saffron brand, which is sub-high. The nationalization strategy has a clear pace and the market is slowing down.
The momentum will continue through the fourth quarter and next year, with quality lifting, modeling, the south-south market under Director Bu, clear growth paths outside the province and proven strategy performance.1 The Shanxi Insight Study: Nationalization coincides with the next year.
Investment proposals: The expansion of the company’s nationalization is smooth, the expansion of the economy is rapid, the growth in the amount of flowers is leading to a higher structure, the company’s profitability is increasing and business is continuing to improve. The expected net profit return in 20-22 years is then click here to enter the text.
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in the present report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.