Investment rating: Increase (maintenance) 26 December, an annual marketing conference and an investor exchange, led by the company
In the course of the 13th Five-Year Plan, the company signed a “military writ” and introduced China-Yun's military campaign to promote confusion, and now has 850,000 end-points, significantly improved management and further subsidence of the marketing structure.
The year 2020 was the year of consolidation of corporate reforms, with a sustained improvement in the quality and numeracy of distributors, a professional rejuvenation of marketing teams, a steady increase in the value of both brands of products, and an increase of more than 30% in the income from small flowers above the upper end of the epidemic, with a market of 17 million yuan.
In the south of the Yangtze market, where more than 50 per cent of the growth rate is high, the 1+3 focus block has been active for a long period of time, 1357 has been gradually formed, the share of the country has risen to about 40:60 in the provinces and beyond, and pan-regionalization has steadily advanced towards nationalization. In the 14th start-up, the 258 strategy is advanced. In 2021, as the 14th start-up year, the company will implement the 258 strategy:2.”
Representing the branding strategy of the gin + the bamboo leaf; the five dividends of the “5” for domestic recycling; the continuous release of the company reform dividend; the strategic dividends of brand promotion; the utilization of the salami class dividend; and the positive growth dividend; and the eight increases of the “8” for the full excavation of the south of the Yangtze and the east China.
Area increment, extraction product structure increment (high end uniform speed, medium end acceleration, low end speed, further improvement of product composition ratio), excavation activity marketing increment, excavation increment in value (desired to achieve a full price increase), excavation end breadth in increase, excavation in depth (upgrade of end quality and output), and excavation base management increment (full camp)
Sales, release of reform dividends, international market growth (taking advantage of domestic and foreign double-cycle opportunities). 14th Five-Year Marketing Phase 3 development, implementing the 13344 marketing reform program. Companies divided 14th Five-Year Marketing into three phases, leading to high-quality development outside the province, especially a significant breakthrough in the south of the Yangtze market, a double-scale rise in the size of the almond village,
(c) To accelerate the growth of the young flowers in 2024-2025, to support each other in the village of almonds, and to fully realize the 135 market construction (the Shanxi+Kingjin projectboard, the Shiru project block, the Bounty project block plus the Gang Dynasty, the East South, the two lakes, the North East and the North West 5 small market) and to create branding power in the international market.
Promotion of the 13344 marketing strategy, which focuses on the creation of a wine marketing centre to focus on marketing reform, focus on the marketing of circles, brand focus, internationalization, and branding of two strong waists (of which the 30th Renaissance edition is republished).
In addition to strengthening talent, systems, resources, and monitoring four levels of security.
"The Shanxi Wine Review Report: Cultural Construction Helps the Flowers Up, Business Keeps Up High" 2020-09-14, looking at the Blossoms in the new five-year period and maintaining the "Increased" rating. The Company's 14th Five-Year Plan identifies the products and areas.
We maintain a profit forecast for 2020-2022, with a 19 per cent increase in revenue, wine: Three Quarters of Accelerated Growth, Rejuvenation in Time, etc.
104, 84, 69 times. We believe that at the end of the product, the focus has been on the upswing and the development of high-light bottles of wine and wine, and that they are expected to represent the high-end wine in the north; at the end of the channel, the continued fission and mixing of strategic dividends is expected to continue to be released; at the regional level, the extra-provincial expansion has become nationalized, and the company is still in its long-term core stage, with high and medium performance.
The value of the period highlights the fact that the rating is maintained as “enhanced.” Using legally compliant information, the report is presented independently and objectively, the data and information used in the report are from open market information, the accuracy or completeness of which I do not provide any assurance, nor any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
Reference. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.