Shanxi wine (60809.sh)
During the "13th Five-Year" period, companies achieved the introduction of war pitches, equity incentives, and the creation of a new market economy.
As a result of a number of reforms, such as the group ' s overall listing, the expansion of its size was among the top sectors, with revenues rising by 13 per cent from 2016 to 2019, revenues from companies increasing by 30 per cent from the Qinghua series, profits by 44 per cent from the same period, and geographically, to date, there are more than 850,000 endpoints under the control of wine, 17 million yuan in the market, and the Yangtze River.
In addition, a two-wheel-drive strategy was established in 2020, with a healthy national wine orientation, with revenue rising by 30%. The 14th Five-Year Reform was advanced to enhance brand competitiveness. In the 14th Five-Year Period, the company will move in three stages.
(b) Development, leading to a significant breakthrough in the south of the Yangtze market;
A historic breakthrough in the size of the now-breeding bourbon industry has created the most competitive branding and fully completed the market layout of 1357. In conjunction with marketing reforms, the company has been configured with the “1334” strategy, which, in general, includes the integration of the marketing system, the upgrading of brand values, and the optimization of the distribution structure,
As a whole, the 14th Five-Year period is expected to see a sustained expansion of the company's out-of-town market, adding up to the September ratio of institutional investors to the circulation of a share.
In recent years, we have witnessed various changes in the corporate landscape, the 14-year period, when the company’s product system will be improved and brand influence will increase steadily.
The report is expected to be prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Bonds (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in all or part of the report for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but this information has not been independently verified.