Adapting to changing needs and consolidating the foundations of development, a little ahead of notice, a smooth winding-up. 15% of revenue is on target for growth on a year-on-year basis, and 24q4 subsidiary Kuotai Finance Co. Ltd. collects funds from other members of the group as compared to the previous period.
We're expecting a change in the pattern of financing for distributors, and the energy input has accelerated the use of the series, and the share of direct sales has decreased slightly.
International production of 481,000 tons, +12.1 per cent of the year, and with the gradual introduction of new capacity, products such as the Prince's Wine have accelerated their use and no longer rely too much on the contribution of the hut. 2) Sub-channels, companies have been selling and collecting throughout the year, targets, transitions to development.
\triangleright Guizhou Maotai (600519): Half-yearly collection is about 9% increase in gross operating income over the same period, with a proactive deceleration to respond to changes in the demand environment and build up
We believe that soundness is first in the industry’s down-cycle, and it seems that the risks of corporate business development are lower than they were last year.
Guizhou Maotai (600519): Based on the long term, the pyramids of wine protect the air travel price, and by balancing the five-volume relationship, the company develops and adheres to the five cores.
Accurate management of the market, on the other hand, Mao Dai has improved significantly into a virtuous growth phase, profit forecasting and investment rating: while the industry is still in the process of adjustment, we think that Mao Dai is a dragon \triangleright
H.S.S.C., with its own strong product portfolio freedom, is expected to develop robustly, through-cycle cindaseuritiesco., Ltd.
The company's “buy-in” rating is maintained at the Kim Dynasty, 127th Street, Wumen West Avenue, Beijing. Risk factors: the risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; the pace of the technology improvement project is not as fast as expected.
\triangleright Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, USA, and then spent the next two years at the breast-milk giant Saputo for research and development.
Queer, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics of Xiamen University.
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics.
Wang Xueqing, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. in Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering the beer industry (in depth, in Huayun beer, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer) and the beverages (in depth, in farmers’ springs). The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.