Incident: The company published a quarterly report in 2025, which generated a gross operating income of $51,443 million.
A quarter is ahead of the target, laying the foundation for the year. During the spring season, the main goal of Mau-Dai's gift, social \triangleright was to achieve a gross business income growth of about 9% per year.
It will be easier for companies to follow up on changes in the macro-environment. The Māori ratio of 25q1 is equal to -0.64 pct, mainly due to faster growth in alcohol series, with a slight increase in the share of income; the turnover tax rate is equal to -1.57 pct, sales fees are flat during the season, and Mau has 1935 hot sales.
\triangleright flying batch prices are stable, company channels are highly regulated: 1000 ml flying-day prices are high, sales are faster: personalized products are slightly weak, quota mechanisms are better regulated.
We found that this year's multi-regulation matrix development of companies for core monolithic products was more explicit in order to meet the diverse needs of consumers in a disaggregated scenario, for example.
A modest increase of 1,000 ml flying day, the development of 1935 ml, 375 ml pedals, and the sharing of pressure on the balance between supply and demand of core items helped to stabilize their price plates. Channels were optimized to try new retail outlets. 25q1, direct sales revenue of $23.22 billion, compared to the same amount.
\triangleright billion yuan, +3.94 per cent of the year, with a change in the manner in which the distributors of some of the products are financed, including the channel in which they are accounted for
We've observed that the Mautai Liquor company has announced the online operation of the thematic end-shops, the change, the consolidation of the foundations, the attempt to combine new retail channels with traditional under-doors, and the provision of more timely access to consumers.
An easy drinking experience and implementation of the concept of transformation.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: In a context of collective pressure on the industry, companies work with distributors to speed up supply and demand matching issues, build more resilient pipeline ecology, adhere to long-termism and Kotau (600519); six months of withdrawal.
Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; technology transformation projects are not as advanced as expected \triangleright Sinda Securities Inc.
Chiray, Master of Food Science Studies, University of Wisconsin, Madison, United States of America.
It covers dairy products (in-depth study of the Ily shares, the Montagnard milk industry, the Lancrete industry, the Bounty dairy industry) and food additives (in-depth study of the Bronze Gardens, Jiabyo).
In the morning, Jo Dang, a Master of Economics, graduated from the Faculty of Economics of Xiamen University.
Liquefi, Cedars, Shanxi, Seduce, Liquor, Ocean River, Consort, Wine plate. Wang Xueqiao, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering the beer industry (in depth study of Huayun beer, Qingjia beer, Chongqing beer) and the beverages industry (in depth study of farmers' springs).
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.