1st Shanghai Kuo Dai (600519) May 26, 2025 Shareholder Conference 2024: Resilient growth, rising value
Le Hoong, Cultural Genetics Foundation, Industrial Change Bureau of Channel Innovation: The company recently convened its Shareholders Conference in 2024, \triangleright
Sending a clear strategic signal: In the face of structural shifts in the consumption landscape and changes in the policy environment, the company, based on cultural heritage, has embarked on a profound change in its culture. Management has come to the market with doubts about the contraction of public consumption, with a strong emphasis on faith in quality, brand power and literature.
We believe that this is essentially a leap from the value of output to the definition of lifestyle. It is a matter of concern.
The system of marketing presented this time was a tactical upgrade of proven warfare. So we believe that with the scarcity of barriers built up by the brewing process and the combination of cultural narratives and landscape innovations, the fading of rationality is likely to fade.
The price-fixing of high-end alcohol continues to hold in the tide. Short, medium, long-term three-phase strategy to build a cycle of moats: macroeconomic pressure, industry depth \triangleright
In the short term, the firm anchors a stable market order, matching the exact supply and demand by optimizing the client structure, expanding the consumption landscape, upgrading the service model. The medium-term strategy focuses on three steps of internationalization (product exports).
In the long term, companies are committed to building eco-business systems that are highly resilient to risk, and that have a high degree of resilience.
Keeping business culture up to date, strategic fit, supply chain resilience, market resilience, staff congregated in six main directions, such as the Maotai wine factory in Guizhou, China (assembly and focus, and the development of a company's beautiful brand), continues to generate prices for the parties involved.