A successful opening of the door and growth can be sustained by the year 2025, a year-long review of the company's news release of the year 2025.
Company 2025q1 successfully opened its doors. During the first quarter of this year, the company’s operations proceeded as planned, with a double-digit growth in its performance and a smooth opening of its doors.
51,443 million yuan, an increase of 10.67 per cent over the same period; and 26,847 million yuan in net repatriation profits, an increase of 11.56 per cent over the same year. The company plans to achieve an increase of about 9 per cent in gross operating income by 2025, with a steady start in the quarter.
The company's 20251 series of liquor stores is growing faster than the kowtow, and we're working together on the line.
1935 represents a steady sale of the series of wines. Specific data, 2025q1, the company has earned 43.557 billion yuan, an increase of 9.70 per cent over the same period, and the series has generated $7.02 billion in operating income, further optimizing the product and channel structure and increasing the cost of the sauce and wine, which is expected to go a long way.
“Buy-in” ratings for companies are maintained. Productive capacity is not released as expected, macroeconomic volatility, etc. Research reports, “positive” investors are suitable only for research with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” levels, and “radical” investors are suitable for use in all categories of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a professional manner and with due diligence, and with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it to issue them.