On 29 April 2025, Yutai, Guizhou, published a quarterly report for 2025.
The cash flow has remained stable, and sales returns have increased faster.
2025q1 operating net cash flow/sale return of $8.809/561.44 million, growing steadily, the strategy of sailing to the sea continues to advance, the product base is solid and the product structure is optimized.
Liquor/saves collected 4,3557/70.22 million yuan, respectively, per year, with a rapid increase in direct distribution channels and a further increase in their control. There were 2,283 distributors, representing a net increase of 36. For the subregion, there was a rapid increase in foreign sales.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, less than expected expansion of production capacity, less rapid growth, less than expected reform process, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The plate, with deep marketed thinking and insight into the wine, is the sub-top white wine and soft drink plate, which is a palate, a fast-freeze and a real estate wine plate, in addition to a bottle of wine.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters.