I'm going to take care of you now, and I'm going to take care of you.
The target for 2025 is pragmatic, accelerating the transition. The net return to the mother is $25.4 billion, a 16.2 per cent increase over the previous forecast. 24 years of robust performance, with the target set at the beginning of the year successfully met. 1459.3 per cent of the year ' s income was achieved.
One billion dollars, or 15.3 per cent more than the same year, of which 4640,000 tons were sold, representing a 10.2 per cent increase in the same year, a 5 per cent increase in the same price and an increase in the share of both price increases and non-priced products; 24,680 million dollars in revenue from a series of liquors, corresponding to a single-benefit strategy.
The liquor store collected 5.3 billion dollars, an increase of 5.1 per cent, and the series of liquors, after a year-long mission, increased at a more rapid rate than in previous seasons, stabilizing the market. Straight sales amounted to 74.84 billion dollars, an increase of 11.3 per cent, of which i-pot q4 generated 22.85 billion, an increase of 8.7 per cent, and i-gate revenue of 5.26 billion, a decrease of 30 per cent, throughout the year.
Traditional channels generated 27.24 billion dollars, an increase of 16.8 per cent, and four quarters of i-potrey revenues slowed down to a stable market with public controls, as well as a higher number of kilograms in traditional channels. Increased efficiency and a reduction in management costs by 1.11 pcts; other tariffs are pushed by the market.
The impact of the increase in the cost of outreach and services, a 0.15 pct increase in the cost of sales on a year-on-year basis, and a decrease in the interest rate on bank deposits resulted in a 0.35 pct increase in the cost of finance on a year-on-year basis. The 4q rate decreased by 2.17 pcts to 9.28 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the benefit management rate decreased by 1.88 pcts on a year-on-year basis and the sales cost decreased by 0.76 pct on a year-on-year basis.
Business objectives are more conservative (about 15% in the past two years) and more pragmatic and relevant to the current market situation. This year’s transformation will be the main tone, taking into account the information previously disclosed by the company.
On the other hand, it will try to address supply-and-demand-adaptation issues and consolidate the long-term development base in the face of cyclical fluctuations. Overlaying the three-year Red Return Plan (the total cash dividend distributed in 2024-2026 is no less than in the current year)
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued or printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified.