Events of 22 May 2025: The company has recently convened the 2024 Shareholder Conference, at which it shares its strategic considerations and cycle of thinking in good faith and answers questions about investors ' concerns, with the following key points:
• Three faiths in the core competitiveness of Mao Dai, committed to “the shift from selling wine to selling a lifestyle.” At the meeting, Chairman Jang Deok-hyong shared the theme “Three faiths” as its core,1 believing that the quality, quantity, and cultural roots of the hut are unshakeable. 1 is “Quality is the soul of life”, which is the quality of all the huts.
Faith is also the bottom line for Mao Dai; two cultures are the roots of the enterprise, deep-rooted and talented.2 It is convinced that Mao Dai’s ability to innovate and self-regulate will not be reversed.
The company tries to move forward with change, “changing the way we sell alcohol to the way we sell our lives” and moving away from consumption groups, consumption scenarios, consumption patterns, and building everything.
At the meeting, Wang Lei, Chief Executive Officer, undertook an in-depth analysis of the current state of the white wine industry, offering firm confidence, determination, and efficient science.
Implementation of strategic initiatives through the cycle. 1) The cycle is characterized by three periods of convergence: one macrocycle, which is at the stage of conversion of new and old dynamic energy, and the age of rational consumption, which has ushered in new trends, new niches; and two, a decline in the cycle of the white wine industry from the disorderly growth of entropy to the paradox of digestion.
Faced with transformational pressures; 3 with multiple attributes such as socialization, collection, etc., to offset each other. 2) For this company, 1 is a firm of confidence and determination based on good economic development, brand branding, and identity, consistent with quality, branding, and channel building; 2 is a science of efficiency.
Strategic initiatives to improve marketing, maintain market stability, enhance product suitability, access and service transformation in the near future; rejuvenation of branding in the medium term (continuing dynamism, innovation, inclusion), Mandarin, Guizhou (600519): First Quarterly Report 2025
To promote brand internationalization (building of six major evaluation systems, cutting international markets apart; long-term construction of benefit-sharing, emotional union, value-sharing ecosystems, balancing demands.
Price formation follows market rules and actively maintains a solid price system.
The company will be determined to maintain a stable, well-targeted price system for the Pyramid-type product matrix, which has a solid base of 500 ml, 750 ml, 1l, 100 ml, and its gift box.
In 2024, the company first developed the Market Value Management Scheme, which raised management standards, and issued a three-year distribution plan to launch its first buyback programme since it was listed.
As of the latest, the company buyback program has implemented a buy-back program of more than $4 billion, with a sub-prime bonus cap in 2024, while the new stock buy-back and group build-up program is under way.
Three major financial forecasting tables in Maotai, Guizhou. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.