Quarterly review in 2025: good rhythm, good start: company reports in 2025. 25q1 achieved a total of 51.44 billion yuan, compared with +10.7 per cent, 50.6 billion yuan, compared with 10.5 per cent, and 26.850 billion yuan, compared with 11.6 per cent, of net profit to the mother.
25q1 shipments were repaired at the same pace, and direct distribution channels increased at an accelerated rate. 25q1 liquor revenues increased by 10.8 per cent, at a higher rate than in the middle of the year, mainly as a result of precision regulation of the company ' s regional distributions, and the same speed of delivery was restored on the basis of the basic stability of the whole body price plate.
The same increase of 9.7 per cent in the proceeds of alcohol is mainly due to the increase in the amount of kilograms, the amount of raw sha’s, etc. The two series of wine receipts increased by the same 18.3 per cent, and the adjustment of the cost of 1935 guaranteed large-scale profits, with direct sales/distribution channels increasing by 20.2 per cent, 3.9 per cent, and straight sales rising by 46 per cent.
The net interest rate has increased slightly over the same period, mainly due to the contribution of tax rates and administrative rates. 1) On the spot, 25q1 received the same 31.1% increase in corporate sales costs and +0.5 pct the same rate, which is largely in line with the year-on-year non-standards.
In the group's XIV-F, "Goo-Dai" (600519), the 2024 edition:
It is known as the increase in revenue from excavations: of this, the kowtow wine has been able to smooth the 24-q4-25q1 batch through precision regulation of direct camps, distribution channels, product formation, and delivery rhythms. The company has been following up on market inspections since 25m4 as the pace of quotas has increased, prices have fluctuated downwards, and the company has been following up quickly on market inspections.
Increased regulation, proper control of the pace of the supply of own shops, and increased confidence in the price of the channel.
With the adjustment of channel quotas and market input policies, the price performance remains positive. Two-pins cash, multi-product balance. The expansion of the Prince's Liquor Channel has accelerated, helping to create a strong medium-to-high mass consumption market share.
With the support of a diversified product structure, it would be more comfortable to see the balance of the company’s flat-fly prices. Irrational responses, etc.
Figure 2: The rate of direct sales and revenue from wholesale channels has increased at the same rate as at the same time as at the end of the season in Guizhou.