In 2024, steady progress was made, but there was a change in growth dynamics - performance rating for 2024 - event: 1 Kotai, Guizhou announcement for 2024. In 2024, the company achieved a gross operating income of $174.1 billion.
The performance of the company as a whole has grown steadily and is complete.
The fall in debt, or because of easing the financial pressure on distributors, we do not believe that it is the dealer's intention to take the goods. The high rate of growth in the sale of the puppies in 2024 continued in 2023, while the demand for consumption in 2024 dropped markedly, leading to lower wholesale and retail prices, which we expect to reduce in 2025.
In 2024, the price and rhythm of the series were adjusted: 24.7 billion yuan in the 2024 series of alcohol revenues, which was stable by the same amount. We did better than raise prices after the 1935 price reduction at the hut.
The series of wines is expected to grow steadily overall in 2025, at a rate higher than that of the Mautai. 74.8 billion yuan, + 11.3 per cent, of which i-pot and other online platforms earn $22.1 billion, compared to 300 per cent.
By contrast, companies have significantly increased their sales in traditional channels, and revenue growth in direct distribution is also mainly from the offline channels. We expect that sales growth in 2025 will also rely mainly on the offline.
Over time, direct sales channels have contributed to a major increase in sales. The space for weak demand growth is shrinking, and while we believe that the company has the strength to achieve the overall revenue growth goal of 2025, it needs to be measured in terms of volume, prices and channels.
Structurally, we adjust the profit margin to the latest performance and business plans.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.