\triangleright 23q3 battalion, with a narrow and continuous growth of the ring, shows a consistent trend towards good business performance.
Interest rates reached 49.55 per cent, a decrease of 3.14 pct over the same period, mainly an increase of 8.59 pc over the same period, and the financial cost rate increased on a year-on-year basis mainly as a result of variations in the United States dollar exchange rate movements and ranges (under exchange gain/loss of 100 million United Nations networks (300628.sz) in the semi-annual year 2023).
Continue to refine the solution to the “Cloud Office” product and open the door to globalization. \triangleright performance forecast: less performance compared to less, more controlling shareholders
1) Conference products: Smart Andres One-Wide Machine Meatingbara10, Super-Cultural Video Terminal 2023/07/19 Meeteringeye500, all-empowerment terminals have been market-oriented and extended and supplemented on the conference room scene;
23 years Quarterly Review: 22 years of steady performance, 23 q1 short video video equipment smartvision 60 and mvc 3 generation market resonance, combined with Microsoft pressure is expected to gradually release 2023/04/24
Promotion of the upgrading of the intellectualization experience of the conference rooms; 2) Cloud Office Terminal: completion of an iterative update of the bh series Bluetooths, 300,628.sz ' performance forecast for 2022.
Review: Product R & D and market expansion, core competitiveness, upgrading smart building solutions. 23q3 conference products and cloud office terminals are good, equals and rings are good.
On 22 September 2023, the company invested $10 million from its own capital into Singapore's wholly-owned subsidiaries to improve its overseas marketing and supply chain systems and to respond more quickly to the needs of customers in high-end markets around the world.
500 million United Networks (300628.sz) 22q3 performance forecasting points Strengthening corporate resilience to risks to respond positively to changes in the international situation and contributing to the strategic layout of globalization.
Investment Recommendations: Keeping in view the fact that companies are maintaining market leadership in the face of cloud-based office trends, taking into account the weakening of overseas demand - 2022/10/14 - and the expected and uneven progress of mixed offices.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.