New patterns in the network, re-exploitation of the network, platform ecology fueling the run.
▪ The power plant head business, the platform's ecology is an enabler for growth and operates alpha. The company has a start-up home, with a smooth expansion from “1 to “n” through the industry cycle: 1) the product expansion is home-grown, supported by outreach, covering one to two devices, electrical electronics, and the industrial chain up and down, and the steam.
New businesses such as car electronics, storage energy, photovoltaic technology, etc.; 2) The market is dominated by grids, but in recent years new off-grid energy + industrial enterprises, and overseas, have become the second growth pole, and the off-grid growth rate is expected to go beyond the network. 3) Management is well advanced, with high rates of platformization, resource reuse and sku expansion over time.
And the company's goals are high, with three equity incentives to travel further. On the public side of the grid: moving into the construction phase of a new power system, companies are focused on digging, new products are taking steps to maintain an advantage over old products. Under the two-carbon target, renewable energy continues to penetrate, and is heavily connected to the grid.
Entering, introducing new demands on the grid, we believe that the construction of new power systems will offer company-related opportunities such as transmission lines, grid expansion, grid security, electrical upgrading, etc. The company’s grid-side operations focus on high voltage markets: 1) to grow higher voltage + overseas as a long-term product
Markets, transformers plus code capacity, fast-discharges, second equipment waiting for ice breakers, advanced performance of products such as pressure switches, dry tubes, etc. in the gestation period for 3-5 years; and (2) mature product breakers, sensors, isolation switches, etc., which are largely stable.
On the side of power generation: access to new energy grids, electricity electronics such as svg, power-related power plants such as svg, and booster stations, one or two devices are expected to grow rapidly. New energy sources are integrated into the grid because of their randomness and volatility.
In the medium and long term, the share of power electronic devices, such as svg, storage, etc., is expected to increase with the rapid growth of new energy loads + incompensation. In addition, the industrial endsvg to overseas: epc leads to the sale of hardware solutions and the acceleration of overseas substitution.
In 2021, they covered markets in Africa, South-East Asia, Europe, etc., and collected 1.37 billion yuan (16 per cent of the total).
At present, there are plenty of hand orders; equipment is sold “after” and the overall solution after the transformer is replenished.
In the medium and long term, companies are expected to accelerate their journey to the sea by replacing foreign leaders such as abb and Siemens with localization advantages, solution capabilities and rapid service response.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company’s electricity grid is expanding steadily, the out-of-grid and outreach operations are growing more rapidly, and Thinking Electric (002028), the performance report is up to expectations, and the electricity equipment is private-sector.
Billion dollars, $2.04 billion, +11%, +25%, +23%, corresponding to current prices (11 May) 18 times, 15 times, and 12 times. Comparable companies are one and two equipment-related headlines 1. Platform-type power plants strong, product expansion plus strong management over cycles.
High-quality private sector electricity equipment, platform-based support industry, 29 years of power equipment product layout, and platform-based power plant tap wings are growing. Xingen Electric Co. Ltd. was inaugurated in Shanghai in 1993 and is now 29 years old. The company has been in power custody since its inception in 2004.
Starting with a single product for measuring equipment, it has been gradually developed to include high voltage switches, sensors, capacitors, electrical resisters, transformers, electrical electronics, electrical relay protection & monitoring systems, and a full series of secondary electrical equipment products; at the same time, it has been operating for almost 10 years in the overseas power engineering master package and extending new product categories such as super-celers, auto electrons, etc.
The company's historical performance, the expansion of its product and market “1-n” has been successful, the domestic electricity and equipment industry has taken off twice, and there has been a boom abroad: year after year, the xhk-i molluscs have been introduced, and the local wiring set has been officially introduced into the electricity and equipment manufacturing industry.
2) Professional development period 2003-2007: the company was successfully listed at the end of the year in August 2004. In this phase, the grid was built like fire, with nearly 30% of the investment in cagr. The company built up with previous technology and, by 2007, gradually became the two product arrays of coils (circles, sensors, electrical resistors) plus switches (breakers + isolation switches).
At this stage, 1. The company focuses on the area of electrical equipment and the development of diversified products. In 2007, it raised its investment in the Gis project and invested in the acquisition of Think-Technology, Hiroshi Automation, and involved Gis, electricity and electricity.
Three new areas of sub-, secondary equipment (the above-mentioned products are the core of traditional grids and smart grids). In 2012, the new product performance was “harvest period”. 2. In the face of growing product sku and team personnel, the company focused on organizational changes _
4) 2016-to-date upscaling: the company continues to consolidate its diversified business systems and deepens its transformational achievements. 1. Internal: Annual acquisition of Toshigi Shu power transformer in Changzhou, high-pressure tubes (2021 construction of a new rip dry pipe production line), currenters (2018 acquisition of Shanghai Surgery plant), auto electron (February 2018 establishment of a rice car), storage batteries (2021)
2. Expansive: In 2017, the company recapitalized the carbon-crystal energy technology without tin, in 2018, in 2018, the company increased the amount of $1 billion in the Shanghai collection system, and in 2020, invested in the Chinese Tianyan Cloud PV & Shanghai land core electronics (igbt). Since then, the company has made an initial move towards a whole industry chain layout:
Upstream (chips, igbt), midstream (power-based, car-electronics) and downstream (epc). In conjunction with the growth of gis, electronics, etc., we expect the new business to come to fruition over the next three to five years.
Business summary: Four major electrical equipment categories + engineering packages. By 2021, Ideas and Electric had formed four major product groups: switches, coils, non-service compensation, smart equipment (second equipment plus oil chromatography online monitoring system), and offshore equipment export & pepc, which was launched in 2009, has now become larger and the business layout has gradually improved.
The future growth points of the Division are derived from the continued extension of product lines (the entry of older products into high-end markets and the growth of new products from 0 to 1) and from 1.2.1 to n across the industry cycle, and the accumulation of internal merit to optimize profitability, with cagr gathering up to 19 per cent since it was marketed in 2005, far exceeding the growth rate in the industry (national grid investment cagr = 9 per cent over the same period);
In the context of a gradual slowdown in electricity network investment since 2011 (about 5% of the value of the investment), companies still collect 16% of the revenue through product expansion and share withdrawals, exceeding industry growth. The net profit from the disposal of flat-high electrical shares in 2021 is a significant return on investment, and we measure the growth of the profit by using the net profit deduction from the non-return to the mother.
Corporate orders continued to grow, while collection was largely synchronized with the previous year ' s orders, with hand orders locked in 2022 in 2021, with a smaller share of overseas epc orders from 3 to 12 months of the full acceptance cycle, with delivery cycles ranging from about one to three years, continuing to grow faster. 3) Structurally, we believe that the grid customer orders are robust as a whole, and the off-grid customers (power generation groups, etc.) continue to grow faster.)
The company’s goals are higher than the previous year, with a deviation of about ~10%. We calculate the corresponding target completion (actual receipts or orders for the year divided by the target collection or orders):
A high degree of certainty about the performance of the target, combined with the direction of “the upgrading of the basic inventory product, the share of the new product” described earlier, reflects the firm's strong strategic implementation. Profitability is ahead of peers (all comparable companies are one-time equipment head enterprises), as analysed below:
Māori ratio: The increase in Māori ratio since 2011 has remained largely around 30 per cent and above (including the four main categories of products) due to the following reasons: 1) the “quality premium” procurement policy implemented by grid companies since 2019, improved quality control of products in the bidding process and streamlining of suppliers and types of equipment, market prices and water
(ii) Internal downfalls have been one of the focus of the company ' s work, and companies have continued to introduce new products and upgrade old products to maintain previous Māori levels. Figure 10: Roe (distribution) levels of peer comparable companies, 2011-2021 (%)
Platform management runs and internal resources are highly reused. Thinking sources have benefited significantly from a stronger platform management capacity - from 2013 to date, companies have been completing the platform building of the R & D, supply chain, sales, etc., and will continue to build platforms such as services, engineering, etc. to maximize the reuse of corporate resources.
It has been mentioned that “growth can be won only if it is lower than the costs of peer management,” which is accompanied by economies of scale, scale and specialization, reflecting the importance attached to management decline.
From the financial results, the annual rate of cost has declined at an average rate of 2 pct+ per year since 2017, as shown in figure 13: Disaggregated rates of cost during the period of electrical thinking 2011-2021. The company ' s equity structure is clear and stable, and the firm ' s founder is the actual controller. As of 2021, the company held the shares.
The shareholders, the actual controllers, are Mr. Tung Jinping and Mr. Chen Bang Dung, who hold 29.74% of the company's shares, have a stable equity structure, and the two co-actors have a strong technical background and have the highest product. The founder of the company, Tung Tse Ping, Li Xia graduated from Shanghai, Tung Tong University with high voltage, Chen Bong Dung graduated from China Technology University with high voltage, heavy technology and heavy products.
The management team has been stable for 10 years and more, and three medium- and long-term incentives, such as equity incentives have been put in place.
Table 4: Corporate equity incentives to unlock performance conditions 2. Power grid construction into new normal, business "old trees bloom"
"145" builds new power systems to adapt to new energy access and dissipation. Power systems are divided into five main components of "Electrification-Transformation-Distribution-Use" and grid companies are primarily responsible for the investment in the last four sections.
Electrical equipment is usually composed of one & two devices, and congener operations cover the vast majority of these categories: one equipment is usually hardware dominated by mechanical and electrical equipment, which is directly used in the production, transmission and distribution of electrical processes. This includes 1) generation: generators; 2) transformation: transformers; 3) switches: circuit breakers, separations.
Departures, contactors, gis; 4) reimbursement categories: electrical resisters, capacitors; 5) line items: cable, gil, etc. Secondary equipment is dominated by software (usually embedded in hardware), technical barriers, higher profitability than once. Information technology has been used to monitor, control, protect and provide staff with operational conditions or production.
Electrical equipment for commanding signals, including surveillance systems, relay protection, dispatch systems, instrumentation, etc. Macro-grid investment: we expect that annual average grid investment will remain stable in high-level areas during the “145” period in order to cope with the impact of new energy sources, new load access, etc., on the grid. Renewable energy penetration is increasing, energy is increasing.
The system’s ever-increasing “cleaning, low-carbonization” requirements mean that China is bound to move toward a high proportion of renewable energy power. Large-scale grids of intermittent renewable energy grids, represented by wind power and photovoltaics, will change dramatically in a number of ways, such as stabilizing machinery, dispatching, etc.
We estimate that the total amount of real investment in the national network is expected to remain at 2.5-2.7 trillion yuan, adding to the $670 billion in investment announced by the South Network, and about 3.2-3.4 trillion in investment in the two networks. Under the signal released by the Central Economic Workshop, 2022 was released as “moderate ahead of infrastructure investment.”
In 2022, real investment in the two networks is expected to exceed market expectations through the growth of gdp through infrastructure, such as the grid. Biding for medium equipment: the changes in bidding for the grid are policy-oriented, and we expect a national network to be recruited during the 14th Five-Year Plan.
The price of a tender for each item of the equipment (i.e., unit prices) was largely stable, but the bid volume increased: in 2021, in addition to a significant increase in the total bid for the transformer and the switchboard, the amount of the bid was raised.
The amount of tender for his equipment has declined slightly, but the volume of solicitations has increased to varying degrees (most of the products exceeded the 2019 tender volume), and we expect that this tender phenomenon can be seen in a side-by-side way as reflecting the bidding orientation of the national network during the "145" period: the amount of a single tender for equipment (unit price) has been raised by the number of sub-contracts and the number of tenders for each equipment, against a background of almost stable conditions.
With the full use of market competition mechanisms and the convergence of the agreement-based inventory bidding strategy initiated by the National Network in 2021, we expect that the third-party supplier's winning share will increase during the “10-45” period.
Companies focus on medium-high-pressure markets, where the winning market is relatively advanced. The company’s grid side products are mainly oriented towards medium-high-voltage transformers, with a combination of partial transmissions: 1) transformers: the pattern is relatively fragmented, with a total of 171 bags of consummation, ranked seventh in terms of $2.28 billion, accounting for 5.1 per cent of the total, most of the output in 2021.
Market performance is on the first ladder, new products are also being laid out, and there is much room for improvement. 2) Electricity transmission: the higher the voltage, the more difficult it is to design and manufacture, and the more concentrated it is. Suppliers entering the hypervoltage field usually have a stronger “brand endorsement” – corporate capacitors, sensors have been extended to ultra-high pressure, and the technical advantages of the product have been gained.
Web depth recognition has helped to increase the share of products associated with medium- and high-pressure levels. Given the large number of electrical products of thought, we begin by classifying them as mature products and into long-term products, followed by two types of product growth logics.
mature products: ais (sensors, breakers, isolation switches, radiators, etc.), capacitors, etc., have reached maturity, and we expect that the 14th Five-Four tender increases will be largely stable. Long-term products: gis, transformers, secondary equipment for the early layout, are still dry in the long term;
The old product removes arcs, sensors, electrical resists, circuit breakers, isolation switches, etc. first issues, is secure, and is close to winning the mark.
Ais (radio coils, sensors, electrical resistors) + high voltage switches (breakers + isolation switches) arrays. These traditional devices have a clear initial advantage and have a steady third share in the national network collection (2021 national net collection, cross-sensor/resor arc circle/segregate switch 1 and breaker 2), with a higher share of high voltage-level products above 110kv.
Looking to the future, we expect that the growth in the above-mentioned product harvests will remain stable at maturity, but there will be an increase in profitability.
The price of “traditional products” such as coils, sensors, circuit breakers, etc. is highly competitive, and the overall Māori rate is on the decline; in 2019, the introduction of a national network to improve quality control, and the policy of “good quality” has allowed prices to return to reasonable levels and Māori rates to be repaired. There is still room for improving Māori rates as product quality demands are tightened, prices rebound, and companies optimized their costs.
2.2.2. Long-term products: gis, transformer, secondary equipment contribution performance momentum, new product class is on the rise 1) Switch class: gis widens the market range and continues the faster growth code gis has shown significant results: the winning share in the national network was 12.4% in 2021, followed only by one equipment dragon in 2021.
Headline high and Chinese western power. Gis replaced traditional switches (circuit breakers, isolation switches, etc.) on a number of occasions, the industry was more visible (as compared to other power grid equipment), the company ' s Gis product collection network in 2015: 110-220kv (basic plate) bids were relatively stable and price margins improved; the Maori rate was higher.
The ratio of 330-500kv to sales (new field) gis has gradually increased. In 2019-2021, the country’s network’s high voltage level of gis has recovered, and its “quality premium” procurement policy has improved the winning price and has had a positive impact on the Māori rate.
Investment in high-voltage transmission and transformer equipment, coupled with high-voltage Gis tenders, is expected to increase further, with total annual winnings in the area of 330-500kv accounting for 26.5%, fully reflecting the competitive advantage of private firms in marketized competition. The Southern Net tendering system is relatively more marketable, with non-grid third parties having competitive advantages.
The winning figure of $310 million is ranked 2nd. Of this total, 110,500kv semi-closed compact combination switches (hgis) won the bid of $5.78.1966 million and 110/220kvgis of $130.16 billion respectively.
2) Wire circles: transformers begin to “scree”, orders are high, markets are large, both within and outside the country, transformers are “0 to 1”, and the power of the country abroad is high. Where voltage changes are needed, transformers are required, so the volume of transformers in the entire power system is large.
The tender figure is in the hands of the electric power plant, the “main equipment” of the power system. The company, in an effort to strengthen the layout of the “main equipment”, acquired the Toshiba Shu power transformer in 2018, starting with 110kv, and moving from the bottom up to the top market (a close line with the extension route of the ges: 110kv5220kv330/500,750kv, etc.). We expect the company to be located in Jiangsu.
The permanent state transformer production base, 2022h1, can be put into production and its performance will continue to increase. On 1 July 2021, the state energy efficiency standards for transformers were enforced, and the demand for grid transformers plus stock replacement was greater, while the company’s share was lower.
3) Second equipment: waiting for super-high-pressure “ice break” has been deployed since 2009 in a second echelon, with no access to more than 220kv products. In 2009, the construction of the “smart power grid” began, with the company automating its thinking Hiroshi, 2021 smart equipment plate (second set-up).
The product is used mainly in the country’s network of 110kv and below, and the second-level equipment in the surveillance & protection category above 220kv is still dominated by the country’s top-level secondary equipment, such as Xu, Xu, and quadrant shares. Outside the grid, Hiroshi is also actively developing markets for new energy sources, industrial enterprises, etc.
4. Medium-pressure switches, etc., are among the products in the gestation period: position forwards, short-term contributions. Medium-pressure switch subsidiaries were set up in 2020, with a high input from the 14th Five-Year Network, which will become one of the growth points in corporate profits in 2022.
In 2021, in the field of high-pressure dry tubes, perfecting the layout of high-pressure one-time equipment products.
One of the heart components, which acts as a conductor connection, insulation, and mechanical connection, is currently dominated by foreign investors for the most part by the super-high and super-high-pressure, field-based rip dry tubes. In 2021, the company’s controlling subsidiary, Jiangsuthgen Hertz senses Ltd., invested in the construction of the rip dry-pipe line, which was built for a year, with super-high-pressure transistor products.
Gradual nationalization of dry tubes in hyper-pressure and hyper-pressure engineering is expected to be available by the end of 2023, and as super-pressure construction accelerates, it is expected to become a new profit-generating growth point. The growth experience of products such as revs gis, secondary equipment, etc., will take 3-5 years for a significant increase in the performance of “gearing” products.
3. Out-of-the-net deep-deep farming is not compensated for by more than a decade of new energy sources, continuing the new chapter on grid-connection 3.1. Out-of-grid operations: wind-of-the-light large-scale grid-based grid-based incompensation needs and new energy parities highlight the properties of grid-connected equipment b. New energy generation is volatile, random and uncontrollable.
In the medium-to-long term, with new energy sources becoming the primary power source for replacing traditional sources of power, to maintain a balance between power generation and electricity use: a new and more stringent energy grid-connection policy (e.g. a higher proportion of storage & long-term storage & incompensation) is expected to be in place on the side of the grid; spontaneous side configurations such as power power-power forecasting, energy quality monitoring, new energy-consumption control systems, etc.
Equipment to better cushion the impact of new energy intermittentity, volatility on the grid, and to increase the rate of return on participation of new energy stations in electricity transactions and reduce the cost of performance, evaluation, etc. In connection with grid access equipment, except for conventional devices (e.g., gis), the owner of the thought-in-the-job compensation product. 1) svg
For the mainstream applications of wind and grid-connected booster stations, downstream customers are either new power plant seters or epc packages. Svg is economically better off by falling down, prices have dropped considerably. 2) svc, synchronized cameras are gradually leaving the market because of the slow pace of response to grid movement. 3) Storage capacity, although not functional, cannot be replaced for the time being.
Svg - Side storage for power generation is temporarily not economical and the grid does not allow storage to replace svg for powerlessness.
The high-pressure svg sector consists mainly of new energy sources and industry. According to the New Wind Stock Exchange data, the high-pressure svg market was about $4.1 billion in 2019: 1) we expect the scale of new energy applications to be over 60%. Svg products are more mature, more standardized, and more demand-driven.
The scale of the 2021-2025 svg, which is largely on the same scale as the volume of wind and light machines; 2) other applications: as the end level of electrification increases, there is a steady need for dynamic incompensation in areas such as metallurgy, steel refining, etc., which are measured in space because of the high and fast rate of application in the new energy sector:
The core variable is assumed to be: a. Equipping capacity ratio: The Svg installed capacity ratio for new power grids varies from about 10 to 25% according to the mandatory requirements of the provinces of the national network. The Svg installed capacity ratio for the new power grid will increase simultaneously with the new energy penetration rate and the Svg set for centralized power plants, assuming that the distributed power stations will be equipped with a certain number of configurations from 2025 onwards.
Scales of svg. b. Cost of incompensated systems (prices): the trend is that prices will become lower as technological advances progress. Market space = photovoltaic & wind loads x svg ratio (range) x system cost (scope). We measure that the market space for new energy svgs in 2025 could reach 9.3 billion yuan, 2021-2025 capr = 29%, industry β
Figure 35: The new energy svg market space measurement contemplation is a domestic high-pressure svg leader, with increased competition in the industry. The company’s high-pressure svg and source filtering devices af maintain a higher market rate, with a higher share in the new power generation side and the power side market: 2021
The share of Svg products sold in the country’s new energy markets is more than 15%. But market participants include a large number of new entrants, such as new wind, quadrant shares, state electricity and electricity generators, with increasing competition and potentially higher profit margins.
Out-of-grid operations are expected to grow faster than average company growth in the construction of new power systems. By sub-products, 1) svg, e-products such as electricity, are expected to grow faster with new energy penetration & svg matching; industrial enterprises are also expected to have a stable demand for incompetence compensation, as well as long-term direct-flow distribution, flexible direct transmission of electricity-related electronics.
This will contribute to the increase; 2) the need for equipment such as gis, transformers, etc. is higher than on the side of the grid with the construction of the new power plant. In summary, we expect the entire off-grid operation (power generation + industry) to collect cagr in 2022-2024 to be close to 20%.
Overseas market layouts have been steadily advancing, and qualification reviews are gradually improving, with the expectation of gradually forming the Matthews effect. In 2009, the company set up the transmission and distribution engineering company overseas, receiving hundreds of millions of yuan since 2012, reaching 1.37 billion yuan in 2021, and the current accreditation of suppliers to national electricity grid customers such as the continental electricity system, the United Kingdom/Netherlands/Russian/Italy/Mexico.
Corporate overseas projects are mainly in South-East Asia, Africa, Europe, etc. Business model: pc is the entry point, leading to the sale of ancillary products: epc accelerates expansion overseas, locking up growth in hand orders. 1) In the short term, overseas liberalization is expected to accelerate the growth of the pc
In 2022, we expect the company's orders to continue to break, lock in growth over the next few years. 2) In the long run, congenials are able to achieve a range of solutions (the above-mentioned corporate product covers all one-time equipment), a value-for-money advantage, a quick response to service customers, etc.
The brand credibility is the local customer recognition that has been established since the long-term marketing layout, which is backed by long-term high-quality customer services and high-quality product supplies, with the positive impact of the forward-engineering roll-out. Overseas operations were affected by the epidemic in 2020.
Pec slowed down, falling 28.7 to 550 million yuan on a year-on-year basis, while overseas operations as a whole earned 1.2 billion yuan, which is higher than the overall Māori ratio for product sales.
In addition, industrial chains have a sharper edge, higher value for money, and more responsive services than overseas firms like Siemens, abb, etc.
Figure 43: Overseas receipts of corporate head companies (millions of dollars) Figure 44: Overseas receipts of corporate head companies
As of 27 March 2022, the world had accumulated 11,170 million doses of vaccines, with 64.3% of the world’s population receiving at least one new dose of the vaccine. The famous medical journal The Lancet predicts that the world is about to enter, or is said to have entered, the phase of global pandemic decline, and more than 20 countries and territories have now announced reductions or even cancellations.
As epidemic control slows down, prior projects continue to work, companies are expected to resume their overseas operations faster in 2022, with more active deployments in a variety of areas, with new growth dynamics such as auto electronics and storage, sustained forward-looking technological inputs that will lay the foundation for new business expansion in the future. Companies are steadily moving forward in the area of electrical equipment.
Also active in forward-looking research and development of technology and products, pioneering and layout in the areas of super-clerical, auto-electronic, storage, intelligent transport: Super-cancer: December 2017, company-supplemented carbon-crystal-crysotile-free, holding the crystalline.
A 10% share of carbon energy, in the area of high capacitor-related configurations. A few companies with core technology in manufacturing dry electrode capacitors, the main products are dry electrodes, super capacitors, monoliths, superconductor modules, and storage systems.
Automobile Electronics: In February 2018, the company established the Shanghai Xiaomei Autotech Ltd., which combines the technological advantages of acrylic carbon to super-volcanic power, resulting in low-temperature power outages, adas back-up power sources, heavy trucks, the launch of super-power cell technology platforms, such as power sources, and the introduction of market extension applications.
In February 2020, according to a company announcement, more than 10,000 shipments had been made. At present, the car has been supplied to many of the world's well-known automobile companies or has jointly developed new production storage capacity: the company has set up a fully-funded subsidiary, Jiangsuth Source Battery Technology, to facilitate development in the field of storage energy.
The company completed the replenishment of the battery company in 2021, exploring the development and application of power-type storage elements, combining the company's experience in electrical electronics, super-electrics (high power density devices), electrical equipment and integration operations.
Switch-type products (gis, isolation switches, circuit breakers, etc.): assuming a rapid growth in gis (higher & lower voltage, etc.) and an increase in the winning share: isolation switches, circuit breakers following the grid bidding rhythm, relatively steady increases, winning shares are relatively limited. In addition, overseas epc operations are expected to boost the sales of switches such as gis, increasing.
Coil-circle products (sensors, electrical resisters, transformers, etc.): assuming faster growth of transformers (including high-speed growth in both domestic and overseas markets) and production with state factories in 2022, the potential for greater contribution to plate elasticity is expected; traditional products such as sensors, electric resisters, etc., follow the grid bidding rhythm in the country and have relatively limited space to raise the winning share, but overseas
We expect the plate to have an equal rate increase in 2022-2024, with no compensation (svg, capacitors, etc.): mainly for power side and industry. With the rapid penetration of new energy sources, the problem of energy quality is becoming more evident, the svg is expected to increase, and the market layout of the company's plus industry is expected to increase.
The svg acceleration is expected to go up the next step; the capacitors benefit in the short and medium term from the construction of major networks such as superhigh voltage, which increases, as the market for svg is more competitive, the Māori rate is relatively low, and the svg ratio increases will lower the Svg Mār. Smart equipment class (second equipment plus oil chromatography online monitoring system): secondary equipment is steadily expanded, assuming that the company 220kv
Engineering packages (primarily overseas epc): Overseas operations are one of the core corporate strategies and are already having a horse-to-pea effect. Companies are well-placed overseas, gradually liberalized by overseas epidemic control, and project progress is expected to accelerate.
To maintain a dominant position, while new businesses such as overseas operations, auto electronics, etc. are growing and there is room for further product expansion in the future. In 2022-2024, we expect the company to return 1.330 billion yuan, 1.66 billion yuan and 2.04 billion yuan, respectively, to its parent net profit, and to be in the same position as the company's first- and second-time equipment-related flagship, with some areas of business with a high degree of convergence and competitiveness.
The company’s revenues are currently concentrated in grid automation, and if the grid does not invest as much as expected, it will affect the volume of tenders for electricity equipment, thereby adversely affecting the company’s performance. The new business is not expanding as expected.
Overseas epc projects are not as advanced as expected. Part of the company’s income comes from abroad, and if uncontrollable factors, such as the epidemic, or artificial expansion are not as good as expected, it may have a negative impact on the company’s performance.
Competition has increased. Power grid equipment has grown more mature, products are more standardized, and higher price competition in the bidding process can have a negative impact on firms’ performance.
This creates greater uncertainty, which would have a greater negative impact on companies' production, logistics, etc., if domestic and foreign controls were tightened.