(b) The net return to the mother is $641 million, an increase of 26.00 per cent.
State-of-state sales grew strongly in 2018 and 2019 q1, with the state-of-state lending continuing, dominated by nationalism.
The income of the ta+ type increased by 42.70 per cent and 44.86 per cent, respectively; the share of the proceeds of the white wine was $292 million, or 19.2 per cent, from the 2017 Division advance bill.
In 2019, the company, in addition to continuing to consolidate its internal market in the province, will expand beyond the province by focusing on the Shandong market. Within the province, the company perfected the regional system, with 19q1, with 94.2% of the total revenue in the province, with the Nanjing region stepping up its share, increasing its income by 54% over the same year, and now surpassing Xiao'an.
We believe that Jiangsu's main share of the economy is in the hands of the ocean and the present world, and that the public administration has been able to achieve rapid growth in the Nanjing market, which is a strong indication of the company's ability to compete in the province. However, the river is actively adjusting its marketing strategy in the province, particularly by enhancing sales in the Luan market.
In the provincial market, the company focuses on the "1+2+4" area.
In 2019, the focus will be on developing the Shandong regional market.
The company’s target for 2019 is $4.85 billion, an increase of about 30%, and the net profit and market space are opened. The company’s core monolithic line has a good basis in the province.
Intra-provincial competition has increased; out-of-provincial market expansion has fallen short of expectations; macroeconomic fluctuations and declines in consumption; market waves; and the Institute's sales team.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.