Today's world: prices have been rising steadily, and the regional power of the province has remained constant since June 25th, 2019, when some of the products of the national brands have been subject to uniform price increases.
Synchronizes the prices of end-supply, retail and group purchase. It is proposed to increase the prices of products up to the previous level.
In the context of sub-higher prices, companies have also made price increases to improve the profits of their channels while keeping up the terminal price and improving the downside of the terminal price. This is today.
For the second time in the year, companies have adjusted their national prices, while raising their final prices, and have also adjusted their output upwards, which will help raise the Māori rate of their products. The national series is a high-end company product that has benefited from an upswing in Jiangsu for nearly two years.
In 2018, the company generated 1.845 billion revenues from the speciala+ (national) product, and in 2019, the company planned to launch high-end v9-square sauce, followed by Kiyoa in 2018.
Today's world's fate (603369), "The world's boundaries: growth, sauce v3 and v6, then high-end products to high-priced areas in the province of Cabin, with important headlines, sustained market breakthroughs in the province."
This year, the provincial rivals have increased their investment in the provincial market, especially in Nanjing and Nanjing.
Accelerating and steadily increasing Māori Rates. Layouts such as more marketing in regions of the present world such as Susi, sub-higher price bands in the province - 2018/10/30.
Competition as a whole is increasing. According to end-of-life research, the power of the province is still very high.
Communications, etc.; Su-China has recovered as a whole and Xu State has remained growing rapidly. - 2018/07/31
According to company-published business data, 2019q1 Nanjing grew by 54.03% and Xu County by several regions. Generally speaking, white wine brands grew in a region with inertia.
As the share expands rapidly, we judge that the market will continue to grow at a high rate in the province in the next two years. Positive channels are laid out, opening up outside the province is beginning to show results, and the company’s strategy outside the province was 2+5, 2 Beijing+Shanghai, and the rest is Jiangsu.
Last year, the company set up six districts, set up Shandong outside the province, and sent to Shandong Markets good managers to position Shandong in the most important market outside the province. After last year's layout and opening, the market doubled in Mount 201901.
Foreign integration reforms, gradually imported into the country outside the province, and growth is expected to be sustained. Outside 2019q1 has grown by 72.21 per cent over the same period. Companies are now in a period of rapid expansion, rising market shares and growing sales revenues.
In order to focus attention on the benefits of rising consumption in the province, the 300-600-bit band in the country has been gradually released and is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the coming years. The company has set its 2019 business goal to the right in its annual report. In the case of 201901, we have judged that this year the company will be able to meet its business objectives.
Income measurement achieved 4,867 million yuan, an increase of 30.12 per cent over the same period; net return profit achieved was 1,442 million, taking into account the fact that the company is the leader of the province and that the target is set at 25 times faster and longer in the next three years
There's a big drop in the consumption of white wine, and so on.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report