Topper Group (601689.sh)
The company ' s operating income was relatively stable and its profitability decreased, mainly as a result of nine issues in Hangzhou Bay and one in Tophu Group: 24q3 performances were expected, and q4 was expected to meet the cost increases and increased R & D inputs of Henan and Thailand ' s first plant construction.
Robot Catalysts, 2024.10.29 2. Top Group Review: q2 performance meets expectations, multi-quality client contributions 1, performance meets expectations, and interior accessories, body electronics and heat management accelerates growth
3. Top Group: Performance meets expectations, Zero Dragon Reboot, billion yuan (same as +11.72 per cent), Māori 16.12 per cent (same as +0.96 pct), high-matching cortex roof sheds have been applied to the new Celesm9 model and new material door panels have been acquired
New energy vehicles like lucid. The chassis system yields $3.708 billion (year-on-year ratio - 4.83 per cent) and the Māori rate of 20.12 per cent (year-on-year ratio - 1.00 pct).
The module has made a technical breakthrough and has already received the first heat management orders outside the 1.5 billion yuan automobile industry. The power-driven system has achieved a revenue of $0.08 billion (year-on-year +22.12%), with a Māori ratio of 30.56%, of which R & D costs have increased, mainly due to the fact that companies are working on more projects, and technology.
As a result of the massive introduction of talent.2 Follow-up outlook: the current firm’s zero business is well under way, the power-driven Ministry of Industry has deployed machines, the human line/rotator, the smart flash engine, the electro-soft skin, etc.
The management block has already received the first 1.5 billion out-of-pocket orders in the automobile industry, and the revenue structure has become more diversified. Profit forecasting, valuation and rating, taking into account tariff risks and lower-than-expected risks for downstream customers, we revise performance expectations.
Downstream demand is not as high as expected; industry competition is increasing; new business moves are not as fast as expected.