Top Group (601689): The performance of 2025q2 improved, robotics, fluid colds opened up the new growth curve, profited from downstream highs sustained growth, automobile electronics increased rapidly. Revenues of 2025h1 maintained robust growth and slowed down mainly by factors such as the changing trading environment and a volatility in customer sales.
Seismometers, interior features, chassis systems, auto electrons, heat management systems, electric power systems operations, respectively, achieved 20.40, mainly due to narrow size effects and product restructuring effects, of which seismic abatements, interior features, chassis systems, motor power subs, heat management systems, power-driven systems operations Māori rates were the same as 1.00 pct, -0.96 pt, -1.68 pt,-1.83 pt,
Customer sales are expected to continue to increase in their contribution to the company’s performance, and the company’s profitability is expected to pick up as the heat management, air suspension, wire control, etc., is released and the robotic executives are gradually operational. The firm’s cold orders continue to break through, opening up the company’s new growth curve.
Client resources have been rapidly cut into the area of liquid cooling, and products such as liquid cold pumps, temperature sensors, flow-control valves, gas separators, liquid cold flow plates, etc. have been successfully developed, and samples have been sent to a customer, nvidia, meta, and Chinese headlines and suppliers. The company’s first orders for thermal management products are applied to liquid cold servers, storage power, robotics, etc.
Tupou Group (601689): Revenue-end growth of 1.5 billion yuan, product strength fully validated by the market, and hope to continue to benefit from the efficiency of global ai and large model development in the future
Thermal management needs, further expanding operational boundaries and opening up new growth space.
Topper Group (601689): Growth is robust year-round, smart cars, robotic dual-industry configurations 32x, 25x. Given the resilience of the company’s diversified client configurations, and emerging business such as liquid cold, robotics, etc.
Quantified future growth, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Risks; downstream customer car sales below expected risk; overseas market, new product expansion below expected risk.
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.