Topper Group (601689.sh) Yuzheng City, second quarter of a roundup with a steady breakthrough in automobiles, robots and liquid cold operations.
The second quarter of the year's rise in revenue, and the short-term burden of sales by large clients, affected the release of performance. In the first half of 2025, the expansion of car-related electronics) and the continued input of new technologies; the Māori ratio of 25q2 was 19.3 per cent, compared to -1.1 pct, q3, Cyrus, Mi, Gilly, ideal sales were expected to continue to bring up performance, heat management, etc.
Businesses like auto electronics, chassis, etc. continue to be deployed, and the company's executives are expected to be delivered, with the expectation of driving the public to rely on heat management capabilities and client resources to cut into the area of liquid cooling. The new generation of integrated modules and R290 refrigerant modules of the company have made a technological breakthrough; thermal management techniques and products should be implemented.
For liquid cold servers, storage energy, robotics, etc., with an initial purchase order of $1.5 billion; the company has been docked with customers in China, a customer, nvidia, Meta and various enterprise customers and data centre providers to promote relevant products and obtain market recognition, and the business will become a new growth point for the company in the future.
The depth of high-quality customer binding and the production of new products leads to medium- and long-term performance certainty.
Ideals, Chiré, Mi, Gilly, Strandis, BMW, Mercedes, etc., are expected to generate a steady growth momentum, and in terms of capacity, the company continues to implement the production-capability layout and the Tupou Group (601689.sh) - 3-quarter net profits increase by 55 per cent on a year-on-year basis, platform-type
On the robotic side, the company and the client began to deploy from a straight line and a rotating implementer, and started to develop the Tupou Group (601689.sh) - a 26% increase in net profits in the second quarter over the same period, with many products, such as smart flashlights, that have been sent to customers several times, and the project is moving fast.
Top Group (601689.sh) - Platform-type supply matrix power, net profit continues to climb robotic body structures, sensors, foot absorbers, electro-soft skin, etc., looking at companies step by step. Top Group (601689.sh) - sustained increase in profitability, net profit for a quarter.
Investment proposal: the core of the human robot industry chain, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating. Considering the volatility of sales and increased competition in the core customer sector, lower profit forecast.
Figure 2: Business income and growth in the single quarter of a company
Gili, ideal equivalent sales are expected to continue to bring up performance gains, heat management, auto electronics, chassis, and so on, and to add to the performance of the company's executives, which is expected to drive the company's marginal performance upwards. Figure 5: Corporate Māori rates and net interest rates
Figure 6: Māori and net interest rates for a single quarter of a company Figure 8: Quarterly 4 Cost Rates
Core technologies, and the technology and experience gained, can be replicated in the development of new products to improve the efficiency of R & D. Building on long-term foundational development and technological breakthroughs, integrated development and systems integration capabilities such as generators, electricity, fluids, software, etc., will gradually build up a complete product development system. In ibs, for example, ibs are highly integrated safety systems, integrated.
Multidisciplinary content such as machinery, electronics, hydraulics, controls, algorithms and, under the rapidly changing car market environment, companies: 1) vertically iterative products: ibsibsproibsred and ibsevo; 2) horizontal extension of product lines: capability-based extension line-based systems based on electrical control, software, manufacturing, bottom-training, etc. (electrically power-guided transfer systems, etc.)
In the robotic area, the company’s core strengths in implementing power system operations include: 1; having a permanent magnetic server, no frame.
Self-research capabilities of various types of electrical machines, such as electric machines; 2 experience with integrated power units, speed-reducing institutions, controllers; 3 capacity with precision mechanical processing; 4 capacity with synergy of research and development resources and testing resources. Companies are more competitive in this area, guaranteeing them a larger share of the market. Companies and customers move from a straight line to a larger share of the market.
The implementer started working together and, given the company’s research and development experience in ibs and its accumulated experience, quickly getting a good customer’s appreciation, then started to develop spin-over executors, and then started to develop products such as smart flash motors, and sent samples to clients on several occasions, and the project progressed rapidly. The company was also active in setting up robotic body structures, sensors, and feet.
A new generation of integrated modules and r290 refrigerant modules of the company have made technical breakthroughs; thermal management techniques and products have been applied to liquid cold servers and storage.
The industry of Capables, Robots, etc., and the first order of $1.5 billion; the company has been able to connect customers, a customer, nvidia, Meta and data centre providers in China to promote relevant products and obtain market recognition, and the business will become a new growth point for the company in the future.
Investment proposals: the core of the human robotic industrial chain, maintaining a rating of “better than the big market”
On the other hand, the company has recently published information on the recruitment of personnel for pump valve research and development centres, power-driven industries, smart surface development centres and electro-shock mitigation devices. It is expected that the company ' s research and development, design, production and cooperation capabilities will continue to be strengthened and that potential related operations such as the company ' s air holds, heat management systems and implementers will be expected to benefit.
We continue to look at the performance certainty and growth of TPG product expansion, client breakthroughs, expansion of production capacity The TPP net profit from the annual return of 32.2/39.4/47.7 (formerly projected at 35.4/44.2/541 million yuan) is based on the author's assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author