Teslaoptimusgen3, human robotic moment in car parts, event: Teslaoptimusgen 3 output acceleration, currently in version 2.5 to 3.0. This drawing phase, Tesla plans to complete the prototype of optimus3 by the end of the year and next year.
Teslaoptimusgen 3 accelerated production, benefiting the core suppliers. The Topper Group builds on the technological capabilities accumulated in the smart brakes ibs project, including software, power control, power drive, electric power, etc.
The business will build a new growth pole for the Top Group, creating a double-industry development model for smart car plus robotic components. The company's robotic power drive system is highly recognized by its clients, and the company's two power-driven production lines are:
In January 2024, it was officially put into production, with an annual capacity of 300,000 power-drive executors. The new production capacity has also been initiated, and the company has initiated the construction of the power-drive executor second plant. The robotic power drive executor project is well under way and has been upgraded on demand to start bulk delivery.
In addition, the company is actively developing robotic body structures, sensors, foot absorbers, electro-soft skins, etc., which further shapes the platformed product layout of robotic operations. Nine major product lines drive the growth of international tier1. The company is developing smart electric cars.
In parallel with the eight major product lines, focus and expand on the ninth major product line - the robotic industry chain key product - total equity/flow (billion shares) and core technology. The company’s auto electronics business grew tenfold last year, with the company’s thermal management module running its own.
Top/lowest price within 12 months High-precision electron inflation valves are at the core to achieve platform design and global mass delivery, to establish industry pole status; closed air suspension systems quickly climb up the slope after delivery, delivering over 240,000 over the year.
The synergies between the three major operations are evident, robotic power drives new growth poles, heat management + air overhangs build technical barriers, and drive firms to accelerate growth at International Tier1. International Tier1 creates a global factory layout. Corporate internationalization strategy accelerates.
Teslaoptimus production, robotic power management, chassis, shock-resilient plants and interior plants are fully operational and stage 2 projects are proceeding in an orderly fashion. Waves drive the smart hands, joints, body formations.
In the second phase, the plant intensified planning to lay the groundwork for taking on more European home-grown orders. At the same time, the company actively laid out the South-East Asian market, and planning and construction of the Thai production base was accelerating the pace of production < Tesraoptimus > , international
China. The company ' s fast-tracked layouts, heat management systems, etc., at its base in Monterrey, Mexico, meet the needs of customers like Tesla through localization of North America ' s supply chain, effectively circumventing the growth of the United States ' international Tier 1 for Chinese auto parts and components.
Investment proposal: Tesraoptimgen 3 accelerated production, and human robotic time for car parts. The Tota robot power drive project is well under way, upgraded on demand, starting bulk delivery.
An instrument body structure, sensors, foot absorbers, electro-soft skins, etc., further shapes the platformed product layout of machine operations. Smart car plus robotics are growing fast. Tesraoptimusgen 3 is expected to be a human robotic moment for car parts.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “My Company” or “Pacific Securities”) has a Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
If you are not a Pacific Portfolio Partner, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not
In any case, the information in this report or the opinions expressed in this report does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors are free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, sharing the returns on securities or sharing the losses of securities investments in any form.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.