2025q2 performance meets expectations for "car+rot +ai" \triangleright \triangleright
Current Ring Upgrade, mainly: 1) Tiero.5 Positioning: The Tiero.5 Model has significantly increased the number and amount of the company's bicycle support product, and the company is working with a client/Celes/Mi/Gili/Biadi/BMW on a continuous increase in the volume and amount of the product; 2) Cross-border development: the company has maintained a lead in research and development to expand the air overhang/intellectual
(c) Globalization: The external layout of the Thai base has further improved the global layout of the project, which was launched in Mexico in the first phase of the company and planned in Poland in order to take on more European orders.
Corporate sales costs, management costs, R & D rates, and financial cost rates are the same as the platform-type Tier 0.5 swords to the global engine. Clients+: Strategicly tied Tesla and new power in car construction, marching into the global supply system. Companies are now establishing stability with international, domestic innovation firms and major traditional garages.
In a partnership and in response to the changes in industrial electric intelligence, the company actively collaborates with the new power of head-making, i.e., rivian, pelican, ideal, Biadiselis, explores a mode of cooperation at the Tier 0.5 level, and provides simultaneous development and supply services for the customer’s entire product line, which is accelerating the international strategy.
Platform-based enterprises. The company ' s innovative business model of 0.5 class continues to grow rapidly, targeting head-level smart electric power, and the company ' s one-car kit, which is now worth 30,000 dollars, has eight series of products.
The \triangleright electric machine, which has sent samples to customers on several occasions, has moved fast, while the company has expanded thermal management products to liquid cold service, storage, robotics and has obtained an initial purchase order of $1.5 billion and has been directed to China/a customer
/nvidia/meta and company customers and data centres are connected to promote liquid cold products.
Base; 2025/4/15 announcement to invest no more than $300 million to build a production base in Thailand. Investment proposal: the company is expected to be able to \triangleright electric intelligence with industry-led customer outreach and product outreach capabilities
To rise to the stage of autonomous parts and components under change; the current robotic capacity is gradually being built and it is hoped that the new business leader \triangleright's methodological and analytical logic will lead to findings, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be held accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.