Teslaoptimusgen's 3-human robots are accelerating, a liquid cold starts and auto electronics continue to grow at a high rate. The company collected $12,935 million in the first half of this year, equivalent to $705 million. The company's air suspension system, smart cabin projects, wire control ibs, wire control switch.
Eps, power-driven systems, etc., produce successively, and the product lines continue to grow. As a domestic leader in achieving a large-scale supply of c-ecas, the company has built up core parts from gas storage tanks, air springs, asu, ecas, etc. to single cavity, two cavity, three cavity empty.
The build-up of the air overhang system and its capacity for innovation. The orders continue to grow, and the company’s capacity is expanding at an accelerated pace, rising to about 1.5 million sets in 2025, and companies’ empty product packages have been branded as Cyrus, Mi, Idea, etc.
Teslaoptimusgen 3 accelerated output, benefiting the core supplier. Topau accumulated, horizontally, the highest/minimum price within 12 months of the ibs project.
The robotic executor is the core component of the robot, consisting mainly of the straight line executor and the rotation executor, and needs to meet both light quantification, miniaturization and low power consumption.
Technically, robotic implementers need to achieve the core advantages of the company in robotic enforcement operations.
>--2025-08-20, including self-reflection capabilities for all types of electric machines, such as permagnetic servers, boxless machines; integrated power units, deceleration machines < Teslaoptimus mass, robotic power
Experience with architecture, controllers; the company started working with the client from the straight line executor, and then started to develop the spiner, in view of the company ' s research and development experience and accumulated in ibs driving smart hands, joints, body formations.
Products such as handguns have been sent to customers several times, and the project is progressing rapidly. The company is also actively setting up < Tesraoptimus Accelerating Productions, international robotic body structures, sensors, foot absorbers, electro-soft skins, etc.
The semi-plate of robotic operations. The liquid cold business layout creates new growth points. Artificial intelligence ai and large models are growing rapidly, demand for chips is growing explosively, data centres, centres of excellence are growing rapidly and liquid is cold.
Technology can significantly reduce data centre pue indicators. The company applies thermal management techniques and products... to such industries as liquid cold servers, storage energy, robotics, and products related to corporate cold operations include liquid cold pumps, temperature sensors, various flow control valves, gas separators, liquid cool flow plates, etc.
The first order of $1.5 billion was obtained. At the same time, the company has been able to promote the relevant products to customers in China, a customer, nvidia, meta and data centre providers in order to gain market recognition, and the business will become a new growth point for the company in the future.
Investment proposal: Teslaoptimusgen 3 human robots accelerated and the ai liquid cold started. Takup started working with a large client from a straight line executive to open up the development of a rotation executor and then developed products like a smart flash engine. The company also actively configured robotic body structures, sensors, and foot reductions.
Seismics, electro-soft skins, etc., have been sent to customers several times, and the project is moving fast. The company's liquid-cold business-related products include liquid cold pumps, heat sensors, various flow control valves, gas separators, liquid cold flow plates, etc.
The company Teslaoptimusgen 3 human robots are expected to accelerate, ai liquid cold starts, Pacific Securities Co. Ltd.
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
If you are not a signatory of the Pacific Securities Agreement, cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not be considered a customer of the Pacific Securities as a result of receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report