Multi-business profitability release, establishing a sustained future landscape - exploration of corporate business patterns and future trends and return to the core of business models and exploration of core variables for judgement on growth trends in the main industry
1) By collating the income-to-people relationship (ppdi, covance, icon, etc.) of the Clinical Cro Lead Overseas, we find that there is a more visible linear relationship between the two, so that the growth rate of personnel is more clearly indicative of the trend in the company’s operating income.
A clearer understanding of the business model of outsourcing of medical research and development, based on a return to the trend of orders and staff growth; 2) analysis of the Thai medicine, operating income, value of new orders each year, comparison of the number of employees
This, in our view, reflects a very direct relationship between the company as an outsourcing consortium, the percentage of business income recognized and completed (or agreed time point) and the materiality of the project at the time (which is mainly labour-cost) and hence the existence of these three elements.
• Detailed segmentation of core corporate ownership: M & As integration, China’s policy dividend driving rapid growth in the short- and medium-term M & As, changes in business structure resulting from M & As, and increased profitability, especially in Fangda medicine and M & D.
It has become the most important driver of growth in performance. 1) As a medicine that looks at income profits at the global level as relatively small, we believe that the change in profit margins resulting from a well-developed business structure is an important basis for firm performance elasticity, which is rich in service structures and enhances service supply capacity. 2) At the same time, we look at the current core of corporate ownership.
Disaggregated, it is found that M & As integration and China’s policy dividend drive rapid growth in the short and medium term. 3) For investment gains, we believe that, as a company with a unique niche in the industrial chain, the return on investment is a sustainable business and that, while increasing customer stickyness, it increases firm performance elasticity and is more sustainable.
• The speed and effectiveness of internationalization is the key to upgrading the corporate business model ceiling.
China’s regionalized clinical cro, while benefiting from the dividends of the globalization project in China, is also facing competition from global clinical cro firms, and one way to increase competitiveness is through internationalization. We are also pleased to see that the company’s current expansion is accelerating in the United States, Eastern Europe, Asia and the Pacific, and so on. Over the next three to five years, we think that this is Teg.
Clinical trial resource constraints; slow recovery of traditional business; and deteriorating competition. First, sustainability judgement of master’s performance: fast-tracking orders and expansion of production capacity.
About 80 per cent of the current performance contribution of the Tag medicine comes from the main industry (other operations, mainly investment in the innovation angel wheel exits and recognized return on investment). The business associated with clinical trials includes clinical trial technical services, clinical advisory services, and, if specifically classified by subsidiary, clinical trial technical services operations include parent companies, North Medical Ingenuity, Korea dcis, Shanghai.
The presence of such subsidiaries as Fonda, Téton Terry and others in clinical advisory services, which include others such as Mesta, Kathing, Hangzhou Simmer, Yinghua, Fonda, subsidiaries, large business plates, and long-standing investor contributions to the performance of their business plates, raises greater questions about the certainty of their performance.
We found a linear correlation between the growth in clinical income and the number of people, which also helped investors to provide some predictive basis for the company’s growth hub. By collating the collection and staffing lines (ppdi, covance, icon, etc.), we found that there was a more visible linear relationship between the two, so that there was an increase in the number of people.
Long speeds are a relatively clear guide to predicting trends in corporate operating income. Thus, the determination of the growth rate of company ownership is returned to the trend of orders and staff growth, thus giving rise to a business model of outsourcing of pharmaceutical research and development. For Thai medicine, a comparison of operating income, the amount of new orders each year, and the number of employees shows that the three are basically consistent.
The variation in the amount of the order was slightly earlier than the change in operating income of one to two years, and the fluctuations in the number of employees were generally consistent with the current operating income. This, in our view, is mainly a reflection of the very direct nature of the costs incurred by the company as an outsourcing contract organization, as a percentage of the revenue recognized and completed (or agreed point in time) and as a result of the project at the time of the project (which was mainly labour-cost).
Relationships, therefore, reflect the more obvious correlation between the three. Two or two analyses: 1) The execution of orders for tagger medicine takes a certain amount of time, taking into account that the larger clinic usually takes two to three years to the right, because the data business orders are executed for a shorter period of time, estimated to be about one month or so.
We believe that this is mainly due to the fact that most of the company's orders are confirmed in terms of the percentage of completion, while recognizing the current rate, which is about 90 per cent of the cost, which is labour costs. (2) Operating costs in 2018 were broken down into estimates of civil security.
The issue of the sustainability of orders, the elasticity of short-term contributions, is the increase in domestic innovation research and development, and in the medium to long term, the increase in the ability of the drug itself to obtain global orders. Numerous medical coro industry reports have already explained the state of the country’s innovation landscape, clinical trials, etc., and we will not dwell on it here.
Local lead companies in the Bedcro industry, but in 2016 the non-post-repatriation profit was still around $100 million, income was just over $1.1 billion, while the medicine (preclinic) companies in the country for the same period, such as Ming Conde, Conlon, etc., were all over Tag medicine, and pre-clinical operations, dominated by offshoring, were more mature in the country than clinical trial services.
The market, it can be said, is small enough for a domestic clinical trial market, and the rise in the clinical demand for innovative medicines in the country is flexible enough for Teg. The increasing demand for innovation in the country’s research and development is an important support for a sustained increase in the benefits of the Thai pharmaceutical industry and investment.
The sustainability of innovative drug research and development is affected by the overall financing environment, and we've counted the investments in the innovative pharmaceutical industry pevc over the past 17 years, and it has been found that in 2015-2018, the level and volume of market investment at the pharmaceutical level is continuing to be high, considering the impact of the mah system, and that more financing is likely to be directed to research and development rather than to fixed assets, which we think is also similar to that in the case of Teg.
The continuity of the pharmaceutical cro’s orders provides better support, and this is an important reason why we keep looking at the continuing climate in this area. Second, business splits: numbers are the basis for growth, be, smo, and integration.
Compared with data from the market since Tag medicine, in 2012 and 2018, we found that people grew sixfold, incomes eightfold, and net profits sevenfold. As of the 2018 quarterly report, we estimated that Tag medicine had grown sixfold, income eightfold, and net profits sevenfold.
The total number of drug workers is about seven times higher than in 2012, and the company ' s income rose about eight times as much as in 2012, from 254 million yuan. We believe that this reflects the relevance of growth and business performance, as well as the individual or multinational drug companies: the top five clients of the company in 2011 were Wuda, Rey, Z, Celgene,
In 2010, the world ' s top 20 pharmaceutical companies had a domestic dimension: the research and development of innovative medicines (Tae-Gang, Hua, Joo-kyu, Beïda, Micro-Chole, 15 in industry, 8 in the top 10 biopharmaceuticals, etc.)
In the country: Innovative pharmaceutical companies like first voice, foreign companies: Rey, Yapé, Mercerton, Massacre, etc.
International multi-centre clinical pilot projects: 29 international multi-centre studies (one in i, one in international multi-centres: more than 100 participants; completion of 6 in Eurocroii, 12 in iii, 8 in iv, 2 in analytical testing), 33 countries
The Division's acquisition resulted in the establishment of a European service capacity; the establishment of a pilot batch registration application for ii-iv inter-clinical research centres in North America; and a clinical pilot project on imported medicines: 654.
Innovative Medicines: 58 innovative clinical projects in the country, for example, we have found similar rules for the structural changes in operations brought about by M & As, especially in Fonda Medicine and Mesda, in comparison with the recent 20-year development of the global pharmaceutical clinic icon.
After discussing the graphics of growth, the next step is the elasticity of profit growth as a relatively small-income, profit-making drug in global comparison, and we believe that the soundness of the business structure can be understood as one of the objectives of mergers and acquisitions as a business with contracts as the main business model.
– Data from M&As and Fonda Medicine have become the major contributors to corporate profits. The table below details the income, Mäori share, and growth of the company’s current business portfolios.
Based on the statistical operations (data management + statistical analysis operations), we estimate that the combined revenues of the current business and the Fangda subsidiary account for the total revenue of the company, taking into account the convergence of the companies ' profits contribution (the statistical analysis operations, the October 2009 M&As), the Fangda medicine (the bioanalysis/cmc/i clinical or betrothal, acquired in May 2014).
In addition to profit elasticity, we are more concerned about the global competitiveness that M&As bring about. Medicine’s clinical coro, the essence of which is a link in the global chain of pharmaceutical research and development, we believe that this also determines the clinical coro’s presence.
The necessary globalization to enhance industrial competitiveness and the ability of global industry to participate, the rich business + the globalized layout, are two themes of the development of the pharmaceutical clinical crón; and the development of the Tag medicine has so far expanded around these two dimensions, especially the changes in pharmaceutical policy in recent years, which present opportunities for the company ' s own business structure, and we also present challenges.
It is hoped to see companies improve their global competitiveness through continuous M&A integration. (i) Clinical trial technology operations split: integration and Be operations bring performance elasticity.
Analysis of trends in the performance of companies from the perspective of numerical change, and the integration of firms in the process of mergers and acquisitions, for the rapidly emerging regional cro companies, has brought clear performance elasticity (especially short-term analysis) to the companies, as well as changes in pharmaceutical policy (clinical verification, consistency evaluation policy) since 2015 for the Tag medicine, for the 2016-2018 performance trends as well as for the 2016-2018 period.
Investors’ concerns about Be’s business in the context of volume procurement are justified, but they are far too pessimistic. We divide the clinical trials of Tag’s medicine technology (i.e., the domestic drug policy that investors understand has a greater impact) and analyze it as follows: 1) Big Clinics are actually more influenced by policy, but Big Clinics are more of a pilot business.
In terms of business attributes, we believe that large clinical factors are relatively fixed for the cost of cra personnel and single production and that profitability is lower than the overall net interest rate of the company, but because large clinical operations are the basis of business, contributing customers and order flows to profit operations such as data statistical analysis, medical video analysis, etc.
Big clinical income ends are much more important than profit ends; 2) Be clinical market ownership is relatively low, with output having more impact than policy. Be, like large clinical, is actually profitable not by Be clinical, but by Be bioanalysis (Fanta’s competitive core business), which has been of great interest to investors, especially after "4+7" purchases.
One of the general concerns of investors is that “if the overall performance of Teg is not affected more by the risk of a less consistent evaluation of pharmaceutical companies”, we emphasize that, on the one hand, the overall profit contribution of Be is between 10 and 15 per cent and, on the other hand, the clinical impact of the company Be is far from being resolved in the short term because the problem of capacity is far from being resolved.
It's an extension of capacity rather than a change in the market cake. 3) The integration of companies at the corporate level (North Medical Ingenuity, Korea Corporation, etc.) will also be one of the disturbing factors. (Reference to the following projections for details) The other two data will also confirm that the current number of cities that actually confirm the Be Clinical confirmation of the Teg medicines is very low: a copy of the evaluation.
Depending on Be Clinical income, we estimate the number of Be Clinical Projects completed by the company throughout the year 2018 at 80-100, but the total number of supplementary requests and new Category 4 aggregates are currently estimated at around 300 per month, compared to (ii) Clinical Trial Advisory Operations: Numeric, Fondat, Simmer Business Extensions for Steady Performance.
The company ' s clinical trial consulting business includes a large number of subsidiaries, ranging from an analysis of the number of offshoring operations to a survey of the size of the United States district ' s operations, to a smo and video analysis associated with the clinical trial technical service operations. Based on the drivers of several operations, the development phase varies considerably, we recommend a split analysis, as follows:
(iii) Investment returns: increase customer stickyness and share the valuation dividend of innovation medicine research and development
The view is that the return on the investment in the Teg medicines is more sustainable, because it deserves a reasonable valuation because of its similar industrial logic and trend. Three, a little longer, an assessment of the ability to internationalize expansion.
By the third quarter of 2018, the Chinese character of the company was relatively strong, both as a result of clinical trials and derivative registration declarations based on China’s clinical resources, and as a result of offshoring (statistics) that was overwhelmingly dominated by the dividends of Chinese engineers. But, in the medium term, accelerated internationalization is the path to corporate development.
Core logic: Clinical cro is itself part of the global chain of innovative pharmaceutical industries. In the context of China’s international convergence of drug-testing policies, China and regionalized clinical cro, while benefiting from the dividends of globalization projects in China, face global competition for bedcro leaders, and one way to increase competitiveness is through internationalization.
We are also pleased to see the current acceleration of the spread of Tag medicine in the United States, Eastern Europe, Asia and the Pacific, and for the next three to five years, which we consider to be the key to the market-market ceiling and competitiveness of Tag Medicine, and we will continue to focus on internationalization, profit forecasting and investment proposals.
Clinical trial resource constraints; slow recovery of traditional business; deteriorating competition.
Yuan Chungping, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Chemistry, Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Master of Chemistry, National University of Singapore, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore, joined in November 2017 with the author with the qualification or equivalent professional competence of a securities investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence.