A series of studies on business models and trends in Thai medicine, which is more competitive than clinically, from a digitally integrated perspective, 20 March 2019.
• Digitalization accounts for more than 50 per cent of the profits of the Tag pharmaceutical industry, and there is a need to study in depth its patterns and trends in our previous in-depth report on Tag medicine (The Multi-Operational Profit Release, Establishing Future Accompaniment - A Study of Corporate Business Patterns and Future Trends), which we have mentioned as data management and statistical analysis operations, which we have already done.
In this report, we have developed competition patterns, space development, and clinical business relationships in the digital industry, with a view to providing investors with a better understanding of the business model of Tag medicine.
• The polydiplomac industry has grown faster than the clinical crón industry, with major participants in the global cro market of 3.36 billion and 1.46 billion United States dollars for clinical data management and biometric analysis, respectively, accounting for 9.8 per cent and 4.3 per cent of the total clinical coro market size, and the high demand for the quality of clinical trial data from global research and development of new medicines.
We expect that between 2019 and 2020, the rate of growth in the industry will continue to outpace the overall growth rate in the industry, with a composite growth rate of about 12 to 14%. The leading players in the industry will be international cro enterprises, such as Kuntai, elites, etc., with the participation of the ini-outsourcing firms, such as tcs, Essencio, etc.
• From the business model analysis of this business, which is more dependent on clinical business flows, the integrated layout of the Clinical Cro and global competitiveness are key to the stability of digital operations. We believe that small biopharmaceutical enterprises have become the core driving force behind the growth of global pharmaceutical research and development inputs, owing to their lack
Accompanied clinical trials and production facilities will rely more on one-stop service from cro. China’s biopharmaceutical research and development capabilities and global altitudes will also rely on one-stop service from cro.
The company’s clinical operations are the key to receiving clients and leading numeric operations. • For tag medicine: we believe that tweak business revenues are expected to remain at a compound growth rate of 35% over the next five years.
Ten%, then in 2023, Thai medicine may have earned RMB 1.34 billion in domestic operations: assuming that the internationalization of Thai medicine has expanded well, the average growth rate in industries with overseas revenues of 10-15% has been achieved. This means that Thai medicine has achieved a 35% compound growth rate over the next five years, corresponding to more than 2,000 employees.
Tiger Medicine (300347): The subsidiary will be listed in Hong Kong and will benefit from the valuation of the Domestic Quality Improvement Division and corporate industry excellence, with 45-50 times as high as 2019, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
2. Teg medicines (300347): clinical trial resource constraints at the subsidiary port; slow recovery of traditional operations; deteriorating competition; acceleration, attention to the internationalization process
In our previous thematic report, Multi-Operational Profiting Releases, Establishing a Future Efficacy -- A Study on Public Business Models and Future Trends, we referred to data management and statistical analysis operations, which have become the backbone of the Thai pharmaceutical profit contribution. As part of the cro industry chain, the digital business is the most important element of the Thai pharmaceutical profit contribution.
At the same time, we find that there are many questions about investors’ understanding of the business: where is the ceiling of a digital business and whether it can support the long-term stability of Teg medicines? What is the pattern of competition in the industry, what is the high profitability of the moat?
This report tries to provide an exploratory answer to these questions, and hopes to roll back and guide investors in their deeper understanding of business patterns and trends in Thai medicine. Total operations exceed $4.8 billion in size, accounting for 14.1 per cent of the clinical market.
According to biopharmaceuticalsourcebook statistics, in 2017, the global market size for clinical data management and biometric analysis was $3.36 billion and $1.46 billion, respectively, representing 9.8 per cent and 4.3 per cent of the total clinical market size.
The profile of pharmaceutical research and development is relatively weak. In the context of the trend towards a more professional division of labour in the industry, pharmaceutical companies are more focused on their core competitiveness, while the portfolio is relatively well suited to outsourcing.
Data show that, in 2017, 82 per cent of global clinical trial data management was outsourced, while 72 per cent of biometric analysis was outsourced, which is well above the level of outsourcing of about 40 per cent of the clinical business as a whole.
Standardized business is a high-growth segment of clinical co-operation. Parexelbiopharmaceutical sourcebook mentions that the progressive regulation of clinical trial data imposes increasing demands on the quality of data and statistical results of clinical trials, and also drives the rapid development of the digital outsourcing industry.
The rate of increase will far exceed the overall rate of growth in the cro sector, with a composite growth rate of about 12 to 14 per cent.
In the case of the former, the outsourcing of the leading portfolio is offshoring, while emerging markets such as China and India have attracted the location of major international clarets because of their lower human costs, and have also led to the emergence of some indigenous claro firms, which have flourished in the industry.
Each major cro company has a layout for its operations, but given the relatively small contribution of its operations to the income end, detailed disclosures are minimal. We try to keep an eye on the leopard and make preliminary judgements about the pattern of competition in the industry, both in terms of the number of operations and the price of the orders.
Tiger Medicine: With its subsidiary, Mesta, the country’s leading employer, currently has 500-600 employees. \triangleright 2018, we estimated that the income from the TGND operation was more than 400 million yuan, with the global market accounting for about 1% left.
According to the official network, the best biostatistician team around the world is about 180+ people. Based on grass-roots research data, we estimate that there are around 2,000 people in the top-level team of data management and statistical analysis.
Iqvia (Quintai): Quintai also has a presence in China, mainly in Dalian. According to our grass-roots research, Quintai’s biostatistician team is about 30 plus people, while the overall data management and statistical analysis team is about 30 plus.
The above data are mainly derived from our own research and public compilations, or from inaccuracies, for information purposes only. Overall, we believe that the size of Cro’s numeric operations is relevant to its total clinical size, probably because of the fact that the company’s large clinical logarithmic operations have a certain flow.
(ito) International drug companies such as Roth, Nord and Nord have worked with them, for example.
In the 1990s and early 20s, large pharmaceutical companies preferred to buy one-stop service (fullservice) for clinical research. In other words, they preferred to buy and complete it at a fixed price from individual cro companies.
A range of services such as clinical research management, on-site monitoring, data management, statistical analysis, registration applications, etc. Before 2007, however, with the emergence of the int technology and its application in the field of clinical research, the model of the cro industry has changed dramatically and many large pharmaceutical enterprises have moved to a functional outsourcing model for clinical research.
Under the model of functional outsourcing, the pharmaceutical firm is outsourced by a single supplier to provide all clinical trials of a process in the area of disaggregation. For the digital industry, outsourcing to the same coro to manage and analyse all clinical trial data using the same norms and processes is relatively inexpensive and helps to extend these data beyond filing reviews, such as public funds.
Division-level strategic planning, marketing strategies, and disease modelling. This has led to stock-washing in the digital industry, where some of the int-out businesses, such as tcs, Essencio, have become important players in the industry. It was during this period that Mesda used its resources in several international pharmaceutical companies to obtain a small number of orders.
In our view, the most important barriers to digital outsourcing are brand effects and order resources. For digital outsourcing, international industry patterns have tended to evolve, and for new entrants, if there is no brand reputation, expanding customer resource access to orders will move forward.
So we believe that the current international competitiveness of Metropolis operations is somewhat higher than the global competitiveness of its Tagger Pharmacy. Fifth, the shift in research and development of new medicines to small biopharmaceutical enterprises, or more so dependency on the Great Pin.
Biotech’s need for clinical coro is integrated, so the flow of clinically induced operations is even more evident. The rate of return on research and development on international drug money has declined from year to year, and according to deloitte, the rate of return on research and development on international large pharmaceutical companies in 2018 was only 1.9%, while small biopharmaceutical companies still enjoy a higher rate of return on research and development.
During 2013-2017, R & D investment by small biopharmaceutical enterprises rose from $7.3 billion. Virtual biopharmaceutical companies, often lacking accompaniment of clinical trials and production facilities, will rely more heavily on Cro Corporation for figure 7: R & D by small biopharmaceutical enterprises is growing faster.
During the year, China ' s biopharmaceutical market is expected to grow at a rate of 16.4 per cent, as a result of China ' s research and development capacity and overseas storage of biopharmaceuticals The Chinese biopharmaceutical market is expected to grow at a rate of 40.4 per cent, as shown in figure 8: China ' s biopharmaceutical market continues to grow.
Figure 9: China’s high and sustained growth of biopharmaceuticalscro markets, with the re-emergence of one-stop services, will rely more heavily on the flow of large clinical trials. This means that, for Cro, the ability to obtain the orders will also depend more directly on the competition of the clinical trialscro.
So, in the context of China’s international convergence of pharmaceutical policy and clinical trials at the international multi-centres, we believe that the pace of international expansion of Thai medicine is the most effective way to enhance international competitiveness and the key to obtaining a number of orders and opening up a multi-packed operating ceiling.
The key factor constraining the growth of the cro is the people’s management radius, which investors want to know about. What about the management radius of the numeric business? How high is the ceiling?
We believe that the digital outsourcing industry and the IT outsourcing industry are similar, with relative concentration, ease of management, and no apparent regulatory radius than the larger clinical trials. Infosys, for example, in India’s IT outsourcing enterprise, between 2002 and 2012.
The number of employees increased from 154,000 to 166,000, with a staff increase of more than 10 times; during the same period, company income increased from $800 million to $7.4 billion, with income growth of more than nine times. Infosys, the expansion of staff and income growth can still be maintained at a higher rate. So, for just 500 to 600 people, 400 million of the total amount of Thai medicine is out of control.
From the point of view of per capita output, the number of employees infosys grew the most rapidly during the period 2002-2005, and per capita delivery declined over the same period. Since then, the average output has risen since the rate of growth of employees declined.
As we mentioned earlier, future operations will rely more on large clinical flows, and the ceilings will depend more on corporate income and market access for large clinical operations. On this basis, we are moving forward in the future growth space for the Thai pharmaceutical operations.
\triangleright US$ (in US dollars: RMB = 1:67, equivalent to RMB 89.1 billion). As a result of the trend towards increasing market concentration, Tag medicine is expected to be 15% of the country’s clinical core.
At 10 per cent of clinical trials, in 2023, the revenue from the domestic triads could reach 1.34 billion offshore markets: assuming that the internationalization of the tags is well advanced, we believe that the industry as a whole will continue to grow at an average rate of 10-15 per cent for the next five years. In 2023, the taggers are expected to grow at an average rate of 10 to 15 per cent.
On the whole, in 2023, the total business income for Thai medicine amounted to RMB 1.87 billion, with a combined growth rate of about 35% over the next five years. Given inflation and the rise in per capita output, the corresponding number of employees should be set aside.
We gave it 45-50 times its 2019 “recommended” rating; clinical trial resource constraints; slow recovery of traditional business; and deteriorating competition.
A summary of the company's financial statement data projections The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels and that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence.