A series of studies on the commercial model of Thai medicine, 15/03/19.
As an important initiative in the internationalization of companies, it is worth focusing on the in-depth report of the Tiger Medicines before us (The Multi-Operational Profit Release, Establishing a Future Upgrade) as an important step towards the internationalization of the stock market of Fangda Pharmaceuticals (preclinical, pseudo-cro service provider)
On March 8, 2019, with Fangda’s share in Hong Kong, the internationalization strategy of Teg took a crucial step.
Fonda, as a bridgehead for internationalization strategies, and a high degree of complementarity with Tiger’s operations, is an important factor in Tag’s future performance. To facilitate investors’ access to the latest information on the company’s operations, we have produced a special report to help investors collate and study its strategic layout and trends.
Fonda Medicine Core Logic: Beneficiary Pharmacology Reform in China, Integrated Medicine Cro Cross-Central American Boulevard, a unit that compares with Xia’s 300 movement 1) actively expands the Chinese market and benefits from policy dividends. Fonda Medicine was established in 2001 and has since gradually moved into the business.
As a result of the expansion to both markets in China and the United States, the majority of the shares were acquired in 2014 by Hong Kong Teggar, a fully-owned subsidiary of Thai medicine, and the rapid development of regional operations, such as the follow-up consistency evaluation. 2) Bioanalysis is the company ' s main service business, with a share of more than 50 per cent. The company ' s core business is currently dominated by more than 50 per cent.
— Fonda Medicine China: benefited from the pharmaceutical review reform, with a high volume price, and provided elasticity in performance The share of income in China increased from 14.8 per cent to 34.2 per cent in 2016-2018; the share of profits in China pre-tax was 99.1 per cent and 184.5 per cent, respectively, from a compound increase in income and pre-tax profits, which we consider to be primarily a consistency assessment
In the context of the fast-tracking of policies, the company bioanalysis, the Bé clinical price increase, and 2) the Māori ratio, pre-tax profit contribution analysis: one Chinese district service operation has a clear cost advantage and a relatively low human cost (59 per cent of gross interest rates, China and 31 per cent of the United States) and a lower cost than in the United States (9 per cent of China and 20 per cent of the United States).
This has resulted in a pre-tax profit margin of 50.4% for China District and 39% for the US District Service.2 China District Service has become the leading contributor to its performance. Based on the current performance contribution of China District Operations, it continues.
Accelerating, focusing on the process of internationalization The year is expected to continue to be a major contributor to corporate performance. — United States: Benefiting from a two-party incentive policy, America’s performance has grown steadily
US business consists mainly of bioanalysis, cmc, and drug-for-pharmaceutical kinetic research services, with M & As expanding and increasing, focusing on the business areas of digital business competitiveness. Concord was acquired in April 2018, with the ability to provide security and toxicological services.
Taking into account the status of United States regional core business orders and the incremental impact of Concord M&As (currently in a state of loss, a trend of steady growth in income and profits from the point of view of orders over the past three years), we have found that corporate pharmacological orders in the United States region have largely maintained a steady growth trend, but prices have fluctuated slightly; bioanalysis and
Cmc orders have largely maintained steady growth, with moderate fluctuations in inter-annual orders and prices, and on the basis of which, taking into account Concord integration progress, or gradual contribution to performance in 2019, we expect a robust growth trend in orders and prices across the United States.
Clinical trial resource constraints; slow recovery of traditional business; deteriorating competition. First, the marketing of important subsidiary ports of Tag medicine has accelerated, and the value of internationalization processes has been reported in depth before us.
On March 8, 2019, with Fangda's share in Hong Kong, the internationalization strategy of Tag took a crucial step. We believe that Fangda, as the bridgehead of the internationalization strategy, is also involved.
The highly complementary nature of Tiger’s operations is an important elastic point for Tag’s future performance. In order to facilitate investors’ access to the latest information on the company’s operations, we have prepared a special report to help investors collide and study the strategic layout and trends of the company.
Drugcro, which has been expanding its market in China and the United States since then, was acquired most of its shares in 2014 by Hong Kong Tiger, a fully-owned subsidiary of Thai medicine, quickly coming from the Chinese region, where revenues and profits have increased rapidly as a result of the domestic drug review reform. From $7.18 million, revenue from the Chinese region has increased rapidly.
In our view, the rapid growth of services in China is due to the company’s cross-central American integration and complementarity with the Tag Medical Association. The company has business skills and service experience under United States standards, and with the same quality of service in China and the United States, it can effectively take over the Chinese-American double-bibliography outsourcing market.
Hangzhou Tiger, as a domestic clinical core business, complements corporate operations with resources (customers and clinical laboratory institutions) (i) Focus laboratory services (stocks), China District operations (incremental), while operational chains. Corporate stock operations are mainly laboratory services in the United States, and in recent years bioanalysis and bio-equivalency analysis in China.
Fonda's medicine started in 2001 with a test laboratory in the United States, which began to provide laboratory services in the United States region, and expanded its market in China in 2004, while stabilizing its services in the United States, in order to reach the evolving regulatory environment in China and the growing number of Chinese pharmaceutical companies.
Equivalence analysis, including, in particular, drug metabolism and drug-degenerative dynamics, safety and toxicology, chemistry, manufacturing and control, biological analysis services, and bio-equivalency analysis and related services.
By 2018, China’s total revenue from regional operations had risen to 34.2%, from 14.8% in 2016, and its compound income had increased to 99.1%, representing a significant increase in corporate revenue growth over the past three years.
In 2018, the company acquired Concord to expand the new business chain to complement security and toxicological services, which will in the future provide a new increase in the company’s performance. Concord contributed $789 million to the company’s performance and a net profit contribution of -0.34 million during the reporting period.
(ii) The two-country system, which provides services to China in the form of an improved quality of medicines, and a high rate of growth in the quality of its domestic operations, gives priority to the dividends of the rise of Chinese regional operations. Quality standards are higher than in the country, owing to the company’s long-term involvement in services related to United States drug registration, and as China’s current evaluation of the quality of medicines and consistency of treatment effectiveness is progressing,
The increase in US-China double-bibliography, with the two-state system giving companies a higher client advantage, has led to a high rate of growth in domestic business revenues. We expect more domestic innovations to go to the US for clinical work, and more varieties to be evaluated consistently.
The two-country approach allows companies to compete against each other. This ensures that customers enjoy the same quality standards, operating processes, and systems in both countries, while providing clients with a detailed and probative interpretation of drug discovery and development regulations and requirements in both countries.
For example, in the wake of the pseudopharmaceutical consistency evaluation, the company has successfully helped counterfeiting to submit regulatory information on pseudopharmaceutical appliance applications to fda in the United States using Chinese bio-equivalency and bioanalysis data.fda-approved pseudopharmaceutical appliance
This has led to a significant reduction in the cost of the entire drug development process, while accelerating the approval process in both countries. (iii) Co-operation and complementarity of operations with the national clinical coronary of the controlling shareholder,
The company’s controlling shareholder, Hong Kong Tag, is a fully-owned subsidiary of Hangzhou Tag Pharmacy, which is the leading agency in the country’s clinical cocoon, and has advanced clinical research and development in China and other countries in the Asia-Pacific region (ii).
The focus of the company is on pre-clinical and clinical life analysis, with clear lines of focus and synergies with Teg's focus. Tag, as the leader of the industry, has accumulated good.
Good industrial resources can provide a good basis for companies; in addition, the two companies can complement each other, and cooperation with Teg will enable the company to provide a comprehensive solution to the clinical trial support of Chinese customers covering the i-iv phases: while Thai customers can use the company ' s services, especially those related to bioanalysis.
And companies and Teg medicine share tigermed-bdminc. and Tegnze, which can provide consumers with biometrics, statistics, data management, and statistical programming services. Synergy and complementarity of operations can provide a value chain for drug development, from pre-clinical to central laboratories and hospitals, to build further coalitions of services and to expand the scope of operations.
The company's bioanalysis services provide accurate quantitative and qualitative analysis of compounds in a range of bio-based substances (e.g. plasma, urine, skin tissue, muscle tissue, membrane tissue and brain tissue).
Methods and procedures for each stage of the development process. This includes small molecular and macro-molecular drugs and biomarkers based on non-good laboratory practice studies and good laboratory practice tests (both in and out of body) and immunoviral and neutral antibody assessments for the entire drug development process.
Pilot new medicines support and research new drug kits. Fonda medicine bioanalyzing services were rated the second largest agency in the United States by niceinsight, a leading market intelligence agency specializing in life sciences. Bioanalytical operations in the United States and China accounted for 30.4%, 22.8%, respectively, of total revenues, and personnel were allocated to company bioanalysing plates.
Only about 26, 90, 158, and 50 people, respectively, have acquired the safety and toxicology analysis component of the year. A large number of personnel have ensured the company’s ability to produce the plate. According to Frost Sullivan, the global market for drug research and development grew from $13.6 billion in 2013-2017.
Up to $16.51 billion, the share of outsourcing expenditure in the pharmaceutical industry also rose from 32.2% to 36.5%. Increased demand for clinical i-phase outsourcing (involving bioanalytical operations) brought about by increased drug research and development inputs led to an increase in corporate bioanalytical portfolio operations.
The increase in the number of new domestic orders in the bioanalysis plate from 132 to 275 contributed to most of the increase in bioanalysis. This is due to an increase in the number of orders resulting from the increase in domestic demand for clinical i-tests. Corporate bioanalysis revenue will remain constant in the future as domestic drugs change to support innovative drugs.
30-40 per cent growth. Figure 11: Share of global outsourcing expenditure in the pharmaceutical industry 2013-2022e China Bioanalytical — United States Bioanalytical — Other
China: benefits from the pharmacological reforms, volume increases, and performance elasticities (1) Over the past three years, China has seen increased gains in operations in the region. While income growth has been rapid, profits have remained high and far faster than income growth, and we believe that it is mainly coherence.
In the context of the fast-tracking of the evaluation policy, corporate bioanalysis, and the increase in the value of Be’s business volume have led to a certain degree of scale, as the scale of business has expanded. And, based on a slightly lower-than-expected consideration of the current consistency evaluation policy, we believe that the trend of increasing orders for consistency evaluation over the next three years can be sustained, thus contributing to the continued stability of operations in China.
(2) Analysis of Māori Ratio and Pre-Tax Profit Contribution: 1 Chinese District Cost Advantage, which is 28 percentage points higher than in the US Region. Pre-tax Profit Rate is 39 percentage points higher. Central China Region services operations have a clear cost advantage and human costs are relatively low (59% China and 31% USA for Māori Rates),
The cost rate is lower than in the United States (9 per cent in China and 20 per cent in the United States), bringing the pre-tax profit margin to 50.4 per cent in China and 39 percentage points higher than in the United States.2 China’s services operations are expected to become the leading contributor to its performance.
Figure 13: Fonda pre-medical tax profits China accounted for 70.1% in 2018 (3) Specific Analysis of China District Operations BioEquivalence Analysis Operations (mainly in China Region) with a compound increase in income of 140.4% from 2015-2017.
The monthly transfer of rights and interests in the Suzhou Fangda and Shanghai Fangda organisms, a subsidiary, increased from 8.2 per cent in 2015 to 22.8 per cent in total revenue, providing the largest increase in corporate performance.
The domestic market has been huge as the policy for the evaluation of generic pharmaceutical consistency has advanced. The generic component has been released from 2007 by the national cfda on the management of drug registration and 2016 on the evaluation of the quality and efficacy of generic pharmaceuticals.
See, for example, the requirement for pharmaceutical companies to carry out bio-equivalency studies on generics that have been marketed or are under development has led to a significant increase in demand for high-quality biological-equivalency cro services, as well as domestic incentives for patented medicines, which have led to an increase in demand for bioanalysis markets.
From $8.1 billion to $14.3 billion in 2017, we expect that China’s policy will continue to encourage the development of innovative patent medicines, thus increasing investment, which, according to Frost Sullivan, is expected to increase to $3.93 billion by 2022. Domestic demand for bioanalysis and bebe has risen rapidly, with both being driven by limited domestic clinical resources.
We believe that significant elastic increases in the company’s future performance will come from bioanalysis and Be operations in the China district, based on the rapid growth of the company’s productive capacity and related orders.
In terms of number of orders: bioanalytical, be-orders, we believe that 2019-20 \triangleright remains a high-growth phase of orders as the evaluation of consistency moves forward, and that the growth of new orders each year is higher than in the last three years.
In terms of purchase order prices: we believe that the solution of the contradiction between the number of consistent evaluation varieties (orders) and the resources of clinical trials is a slow process, which is expected to be gradually achieved over the next three years with the implementation of the policy on filing by the clinical laboratory.
For order prices, we expect to maintain a high level overall. Corporate capacity: based on the continued growth and profitability of orders, we expect that the number of companies working with clinical trials will continue to grow, effectively addressing the absorption of new orders each year.
U.S.: Benefiting from a two-party incentive policy, US business has grown steadily, focusing on bioanalysis, cmc, and drug-for-pharmaceutical dynamics research services, and M & A has been expanding the field of business services. The company provided three services in the U.S. until 2018: drug-degenerative dynamics, bioanalysis, and chemistry, manufacturing and control.
In April 2018, Concord.'s services included drug metabolism and drug-degenerative dynamics analysis, bioanalysis, and safety and toxicology services not originally covered by the company. Through the acquisition of Concord, the productivity of the company's drug metabolism and drug-degenerative dynamics and bio-analysis services was enhanced, allowing the company for the first time to provide safe and toxicological services to its clients, including the introduction of macrofauna testing and upgrading of the public.
The Division ' s capacity to provide services to its agricultural clients and expansion of the range of services was increased from $7.2 million to $9.48 million in new orders for pharmacodynamics and $9.48 million in new updates for chemistry, manufacturing and control. Although the number of new orders for pharmacodynamics increased from 147 to 256, the unit cost was $49,000 per unit as a result of the contract
The faster rate of chemical, manufacturing and control increases due to the growing corporate focus on clinical trial analysis is due to the international encouragement of the policy of double reporting and the availability of assessment exemptions for claims submitted to the United States ' fda and China ' s cfda, which can reduce costs and increase approval progress, making the two countries ' monopolistic companies service both markets.
With a unique advantage, profiting from this policy encouragement. And this year, the company acquired the additional safety and toxicology analysis part of Concord, with 119 new singles and $5.71 million in new orders, and we expect to contribute more to the Māori rate next year, which fell to 31.1% from the Māori side of the United States business as a result of the 2018 Concord acquisition.
The annual income and costs of the public sector tend to change in the same direction, given that the cro company ' s volume is mainly related to capacity (persons) and its cost is primarily a part of the salary of people. The company ' s revenue and cost increased simultaneously in 2015-2017, and the Māori rate was maintained, but the compound profit rate before tax deduction was 15.39%, and the profit ratio was significantly reduced. We expect that with Concord ' s business, the ratio of profits will decline.
Continued integration and steady growth of core United States operations in the region will maintain a composite growth rate of around 10 per cent over the next 2-3 years, while the rate of profitability will gradually return to production levels.
With regard to profit projections, and taking into account the status of core United States regional business orders and the impact of Concord M&As, we expect that corporate pharmacodynamics orders in the United States region will tend to grow more or less steadily each year, but with slightly volatile prices; bio-segregation and cmc orders will continue to grow more or less steadily, with slight fluctuations in inter-annual orders and prices and less marked trends,
Taking into account Concord ' s 2019 or progressive contribution performance, we expect the entire United States region to maintain stable orders, prices, clinical trial resource constraints, slow recovery of traditional operations, and deteriorating competition.
Yuan Chungping, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Chemistry, Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Master of Chemistry, National University of Singapore, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore, joined in November 2017 with the author with the qualification or equivalent professional competence of a securities investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence.