The product structure continues to be optimized with industry leaders looking at the big picture, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
The liquid milk sector is still a significant one, with the product structure optimized as the main melody. The average annual consumption of liquid milk in the country is 18.7 kg, which is more than 40% of the average consumption of liquid milk in Japan and Korea.
The gold medallion, Ammush, and the three high-end high-end products, which together generated $14.5 billion in 2016, increased the revenue from the three products from 12.7% in 2014 to 30.0% in 2016. As a result of the upgrading of the product structure and strong corporate capacity for integrated management, the city’s share has risen steadily.
The share of Ely in dairy companies in the overall dairy market was 20.0% in 2016, of which the share of the market in temperate milk was 31.6%, and the share of the market in low-temperature liquid milk was 16.2%, up from the previous year. In the future, as the structure of the product continues to move upwards, the company’s market share and profitability are increasing.
“Registration of formulas” landed on 3 August 2017 in the case of the Creams: on 3 August 2017, the General Administration of Food and Pharmacy approved applications for registration of 14 companies, 30 series, 89 formulae for infant and child formulae, 2 companies under the Ili flag, 2 product series, and 6 formulas. The introduction of the registration system resulted in the promotion of infants and young children.
In the future, as high-end products continue to grow and the supply side of the industry improves, Eli’s share in the milk industry is expected to increase further.
The long- and long-term strategic goal of Eli is to enter the top five of global dairy products and become a health food group of hundreds of millions by 2020, and will continue to work hard on dairy products and, on the other hand, to lock in the field of healthy foods and expand the industry through product innovation.
In dairy products, there is still much room for growth, with organic milk masters playing “healthy” cards, adapting to consumption upgrades, emulsions taking on acid, the market for breast milk, and consumer preference, especially for the high-speed growth of pyrolytic milk.
Long; in addition, the company uses plant protein beverages as entry points for healthy food, and will be able to push out soy milk products in the second half of this year, promising to become another plant protein beverage after walnut milk. With Eli’s continuous product innovation, it will be able to generate hundreds of billions of dollars in income.
Growth rate. The dairy company now averages 26 times the average perpe in 2018 and is expected to continue to increase in the future in the dairy sector, given that Eli is the flagship of the dairy industry, thanks to his brand, product and channel power; in addition, the company has gradually moved into the healthy food sector and is expected to open up new opportunities for growth.
Company Profile: Since its inception, the dairy industry leader, Eli, has been focusing on the development, production and marketing of dairy products, with several product lines such as liquid milk, milk, milk, milk powder, frozen drinks, yogurt.
The entire dairy enterprise, which is also the largest dairy company in Asia, is promoted to eighth place by its high-quality branding, product power, and channel management. Based on dairy development, Eli shares have upgraded the corporate vision to “be the world's most trustworthy provider of healthy foods.” In the future, as Eli's product innovation and internationalization move in an orderly fashion, the company is expected to succeed.
The equity structure of the company: The equity structure of the shares of the Ily shares is fragmented, with the first largest shareholder being Hout and Holt Investments Ltd., with a shareholding of about 9.9 per cent, without controlling shareholders and actual controllers; however, the top 10 shareholders have four top executives, with total
The shareholding rate was 7.9%, with the chairman and president, Mr. Pangang, holding 3.88% of the shares of Ely. In addition, over the past 10 years, Ely shares have increased the share of company executives and others in Ely by means of executive continuity, employee ownership schemes, and equity incentives, which, on the one hand, have ensured consistency of interests between shareholders and management, on the other hand, and reflected the public interest, on the other hand.
Senior executives and employees have a strong confidence in the future development of Ely’s shares. Corporate ownership structure: corporate income and profits are derived mainly from liquid milk, which accounts for 81.7 per cent of income, a decline in Maori contributions and an upgrading of corporate product structure, a rising trend in the Māori ratio for all types of company products, and a ratio of Māori for liquid milk in 2016
The impact of the increase in the prices of packaged materials and sugar has been slightly reversed, but in the long run, as the structure of the company’s products continues to move upwards, the rate of Elie’s Māori shares will remain on the rise. After the short-term shock of the events, dairy products entered a steady growth phase in 2010-2014, and the Ely’s shares benefited from industry growth.
Since 2014, the overall growth of the dairy sector has been slower than in the previous period, as a result of the prevailing domestic and foreign economic environment, while the price of original milk has been falling, leading to the continuation of the domestic dairy price war; and Ely shares have responded positively to the industry’s depression, by not doing so.
In 2016, Eli achieved a double-digit increase in revenues of 60.6 billion yuan (0.14% at the same rate) and a net return to the mother.
The growth in corporate income slowed by $5.66 billion (22.2 per cent higher than the previous year), owing mainly to (1) favourable disposal of stockholdings in April, changes in the size of the division and the scale of the table (2), increased competition in the milk powder industry influenced by formula registration policies, flat prices of company milk powder, and (3) lower rates of growth in the liquid milk sector, as a result of low consumption by the industry.
The growth rate has benefited from the increase in the structure of the company’s products and the increase in the Māori rate due to the fall in the price of original milk. According to research data, the benefits have been derived from the warming of the macroeconomic environment, with a marked improvement in dairy demand in 2017, with liquid milk selling close to 11.3% at the same rate in January-June, and mother’s net profit of 3.36 billion (4.8% at the same rate).
Revenues and profits are expected to grow steadily and dairy taps are more secure. Figure 7: Corporate operating income and acceleration since 2012 (right axis) Industry analysis: liquid milk space is still good and milk powder competition is better
Dairy products, by product classification, consist mainly of liquid milk (white milk, yogurt milk, milk beverages, etc.), milk powder and other dairy products (cold drink, milk sugar, chocolate, etc.), which are rich in proteins, fats, amino acids, sugar, salts, calcium, phosphorus, iron, etc., which are easily absorbed by the human body and thus remain human life.
2.1 Liquid milk: Our per capita consumption varies from abroad, and growth will continue. According to the Chinese Milk Industry Yearbook, our annual per capita consumption of liquid milk in 2015 was 18.7 kg, while New Zealand,
Australia, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, with consumption per capita of more than 100 kg, and Europe and the United States of America, with 60-70 kg, show a large difference in per capita consumption compared to developed countries: there is more than 40% room for consumption compared to Japan and Korea’s per capita consumption of liquid milk, which is relatively similar to ours. As consumer habits change, and consumption spending capacity increases, the domestic milk market continues to thrive.
According to research data, the average per capita consumption of liquid milk in China is now close to 20 kg/year, of which the average per capita consumption of liquid milk in a second-line city is about 40 kg/year, has exceeded the per capita consumption in Japan and Korea, and there is little room for growth in the future; according to a second-line city, there is little room for growth in the future.
The proportion of the population measured at 19% is currently estimated at 13.3 kg/year per capita consumption of liquid milk in cities below 3 or 4 lines, and as the standard of living of this population continues to rise in the future, the growth of liquid milk consumption in 3 or 4 lines of cities will be a major driver of growth in the industry. According to the Chinese Milk Industry Yearbook, the rate of consumption of liquid milk in 2015 was 2,56.7 million tons, a 5.5% increase.
By 2020, our per capita consumption of liquid milk is expected to reach 26.2 kg/year, with national consumption expected to exceed 37 million tons, leaving more than 40 per cent room for consumption of liquid milk by 2020, with a high concentration in the domestic liquid milk market and a higher share of the combined milk market in 2015 for Eli, Monx and Light.
As consumers’ preference for healthy foods and brands grow, the market share of future branded niches is expected to increase further. Structurally, sour milk, high-end white milk, etc., are favoured by consumers, and are the main sources of growth in the overall liquid milk market.
Power. According to the acNielsen zero study, the same rate of growth in 2015 was 91.1 per cent, 35.9 per cent and 10.2 per cent, well above the rate of 2.7 per cent in the liquid milk market, which was the main driving force behind the growth of the whole liquid milk market; and, according to the Kayo study, the consumption of high-end white milk, constant-temperature milk and low-temperature yogurt milk in 2016 was supported by consumption.
In comparison with the previous year, which had increased by 7.8 per cent, 43.1 per cent and 9.7 per cent respectively, sales of the above-mentioned products continued to grow at a higher rate than the liquid milk market of 2.5 per cent, with different characteristics and consumption trends in the main dairy products.
The euro-monitor predicts a period of growth of warm white milk from 2015 to 2020. Pap milk, although fresher and with the least nutrient loss, is limited by the conditions of transport in the cold chain. Short-term outbreak growth is difficult: euro-monitor predicts a compound increase in pap milk from 2015 to 2020.
Acid milk (including fermented milk and milk-acid beverages): Compared to pure milk, yogurt products are added to the production process.
Products not only have the function of promoting absorption and digestion, but also have a better taste; in addition, many consumers in the country have “emulsifiable intolerantness”, and the consumption of milk produces adverse effects such as gastroactivity and diarrhoea, while yogurts, in the fermentation process, transforms most of them into milky acids and other organic acids, effectively addressing the problem of “emulsive intolerantness”.
Since 2011, sour yogurt-consumption products have been growing faster than white milk; especially the emergence of pneumatic yogurt products, the breaking of cold-chain transport conditions for cryogenic yogurts, the ease with which they can be carried, and the larger population of consumers, which has seen an upsurge since the beginning of 2013, according to Nelson.
According to data, the same rate of increase in the retail sales of pyrolytic milk was 120 per cent, 91 per cent and 43 per cent, respectively, in 2014-2016. Acid milk beverages: acid milk beverages contain more water, sugar, stabilizers, etc., which are not in the consumer's mind as “healthy foods”, so acid milk beverages, which are represented by a fast line of nutrition, have been washed up by yoghurt products in recent years
It's a big hit; because of the low class of acid milk beverages, it is now mainly in the county and township markets, and it is expected that acid milk beverages will continue to shrink in the future as the income levels of the people of the county and the pursuit of healthy foods rise.
On November 16, 2016, the Directorate-General issued two major documents on the registration of milk for infants and young children: Infants and Young Children.
The official release of the document means what is known as the most severe milk powder in history in the New Deal Implementation Order. The milk powder registration promotes the industry ' s shuffling of cards, the accelerated withdrawal of cards, stickers, and the increased concentration of brands.
In accordance with the guidelines, from 1 January 2018 onwards, formulas for infants and young children produced in or exported to the territory of the country shall be registered as formulas for infant and child formula, and at that time no milk powder shall be sold without a certificate.
In principle, each firm may not apply for more than three formulations in a series of nine products. In the countries where the product is currently in the domestic market, there are more than 160 domestic and external dairy manufacturers, and the number of milk powder brands will be reduced from more than 2,000 currently available to no more than 500 in the future.
From the standpoint of competition patterns in the domestic milk industry, most of the market share is currently held by overseas brands Nestlé, Dachun, Queens, etc., and the country’s autonomous brands are weak, and the main distribution areas are concentrated in three or four-line cities and the following regions.
There are 32 foreign brands, 98 national brands, 98 national brands, and one registered formula, Eli and Beinmi. The top 10 companies in the milk industry are currently on the list, and the earlier they get the product formula notes.
Books, early marketing of products, help brands to earn the trust of distributors and build pre-emptive advantages. The registration system pushes up entry thresholds in the infant and child formula, accelerates industrial integration, improves formulations, branding disorders, increases brand concentration, and significantly improves supply-side competition patterns as more batches are added to the list.
Small brands that are unable to apply for registration certificates will be washed out of the market, and it is expected that 15-20 per cent of the market space will be released, and that most of the market will be in three or four-line cities, so that the formulation registration system will have a favourable impact on the market share of leading firms such as the Ili stock, the Montagnard milk industry, and the Baying States.
Table 2: List of the first three batches of infant and child formulae registered (as of 11 August 2017)
Eli leads the industry and sits at the forefront. The company has a wide distribution of products in the dairy sector, including, inter alia, acid milk, pure milk, emulsifiable beverages, and milk beverages. With strong product development and extension capabilities, the company continues to innovate and lead the industry in the major areas of division of dairy products; it increases profitability and municipal dominance by increasing the proportion of high-end products.
The new products launched in 2016 are now well on the market, and it is expected that they will also show excellent performance. In terms of the breakdown, Eli is currently working in three high-end, white-milk, pyly-acid milk, and low-temperature-acid yogurt-substantiated industries.
The three products have grown faster in income since they were listed, reaching 7.5 billion yuan in 2016 (by 115 per cent at the same rate), 6 billion yuan (by 10 per cent at the same rate), and 1 billion yuan (20 per cent at the same rate), and the three products have already received a share from 2014
The average price of milk products also rose from $7.3/kg in 2014 to $7.49/kg, ensuring a steady increase in the size of the company ' s revenues, while alleviating the cost pressures of recent years due to the increase in sales and raw materials prices. From the point of view of the market share, it is benefiting from the upgrading of the product structure and the company ' s strong capacity for integrated management, and the market share of Ely ' s shares in recent years.
The share of Ely shares in dairy companies in the total dairy market was 20.0 per cent in 2016, an increase of 1.1 percentage points over the previous year, and was ranked first in the market: 31.6 per cent in the general-temperature liquid milk retail market and 1.8 percentage points higher than the same period in the previous year: 16.2 per cent in the low-temperature liquid milk retail market, compared to the previous year.
In the future, as the product structure of the Iri shares continues to move upwards, the company’s market share and profitability will be 3.2 milk powders: the beneficial “formulation registration system”, which is expected to increase further, and the share of the Ily shares is the leader of the national brand of milk powder, which currently accounts for about 6% of the country’s total infant and child formula.
According to Nielson data and research, the golden crown grew by nearly 91%, 25.8%, and 23.8% in 2014-2016; in addition, the company introduced super-high-end powdered milk toner Phil, which continuously upgrades the overall product structure of the department.
Since the melamine incident in 2008, home-grown infant and child milk powder has continued to be squeezed by overseas brands, and so far its autonomous brands remain in a relatively vulnerable market position. The arrival of the formula registration system has provided a better competition for Eli’s milk powder business.
Environmentally, companies will adapt to consumption upgrades through a combination of “national product upgrades + overseas layouts” that enhances product and brand competition and actively competes with domestic and foreign brands.Eli shares currently have four plants, each of which is required to apply for three product series, nine formulations, because
According to a list published by the Directorate-General for the Supervision of Foods and Pharmacies, three companies, four product series, and 23 formulations have been approved. As high-end products continue to grow and the supply side of the industry improves, the market share of the stock in the milk industry is expected to increase further in the future.
3.3 Channels: Continue to refine traditional channels, actively expand new ones, sustain traditional channels, and increase brand influence year after year. As urbanization continues, the income gap between urban and rural residents diminishes, the milk consumption capacity of three or four-line cities and township markets rises dramatically, and the milk market contains new consumption.
The data from the Kedo study show that the consumption of liquid milk in county-level cities and county-towns has increased by 8.4 per cent over the previous year, and Eledo has been active in promoting the pipeline farming programme, focusing on three or four lines of urban market opportunities, optimizing end-use and management standards, and increasing end-use control. The data from the Kedo study show that the penetration rate of corporate liquid milk products has been rising year after year since 2013.
In 2016 it reached 77.1%, an increase of 0.3 percentage points in the same year. In terms of channel structure, companies seepage in second-line cities. By the end of 2016, the company ' s direct-controlled village network had reached 342,000 sites, about two times higher than the 110,000 in 2015, and market penetration capacity has increased year by year.
According to the 2017 Brand Footprint Report, published by Kaydo, in 2016 our consumers reached the first and second largest brands of Eli and Monx, up to 1.140 billion and 1.04 billion, respectively, and it is evident that dairy products have become one of the major consumer goods categories in our daily consumer life. And Eli has won first place for two consecutive years, with consumer contacts in 2014-2016.
The growth rates were 0%, 5.4%, and 2.9%, respectively, compared to 2%, 3.3%, and 0% for the same period, which shows that the weight of Elie’s branding in dairy production is growing each year. The current growth in consumption in the three- or four-line cities is the main driver of growth in the dairy industry, so that the company’s continued cropping effect is gradually becoming apparent.
The rapid pace, high stress, and a new pattern of life for a growing number of urban people, the combination of healthy and nutritious dairy products with new and emerging channels such as e-commerce, convenience stores, etc., meet the daily milk consumption needs of the above-mentioned population.
This represents an increase of 61.9% over the previous year, and also data from Nelson Zero show that the retail value of liquid dairy products in convenience stores in 2016 increased by 11.3% over the previous year, significantly faster than that of other retail outlets. Eli has been active in optimizing electricity vendors since 2014, with revenue from electricity suppliers increasing by 8.15 times, 2.7 times and 82%, respectively, in 2014-2016.
In addition, the company's distribution of mother-and-child channels has improved, with the establishment of a “member marketing” mechanism since 2014 to enhance direct interaction with consumers, providing them with specialized pre-sale, spot-sale and post-sale services. In 2014, more than 1.9 million new members of the company were added, and the company's sales of mother-and-child channels increased by 86 per cent over the previous year, and in 2015 the company was working with mothers and children.
In 2016, the company upgraded its strategy of “Eli Mother and Child Ecology” to promote the internationalization and intellectualization of mother and child services through the “Eli Mother and Child Experience Shop” model. The strong growth of electricity and mother and child shops is an effective way for companies to deepen the dairy market and increase market access.
3.4 To build a hundred billion healthy food groups, which now earn more than 60 billion yuan in shares and are the top of the dairy industry in China and Asia, the company's medium- and long-term strategic goal is to enter the “global dairy top five” and become a “healthy food group of hundreds of millions” by 2020.
The shareholdings will continue to do heavy dairy products on the one hand, and will also achieve medium- and long-term strategic objectives through product innovation to extend their operations to healthy foods. 3.4.1 The dairy sector will continue to dig gold: organic milk and hot-milk beverages
Organic milk is the healthiest and safest milk produced according to organic standards and strictly certified by a third party. Organic milk emphasizes “total natural” and “full-scale non-polluting” and its production processes strictly prohibit the use of synthetic chemicals such as fertilizers, pesticides, hormones, growth regulators, feed additives, food additives, etc.
Substances, their packaging, storage, transport are also subject to strict compliance with the relevant standards for organic foods, and manufacturers are required to establish a well-developed quality-tracking system, which makes them known by consumers as “safest” dairy products. According to frost&sullivan, the demand for organic milk rose from 18,000 tons to 174,000 tons in 2009-2013 (composite growth rate of 76%), and this consultancy was done.
The company expects that China’s organic milk demand will continue to grow at a high rate from 2013 to 2018, reaching 1.6 million tons of demand in 2018, and that our liquid milk consumption will exceed 30 million tons, so organic milk will account for only 5.3% of its consumption, with significant scope for upgrading. Currently, the dominant organic milk on the domestic market is Mono-Tronsu organic milk and Elykinium organic milk.
The price of organic white milk is 20-30% higher than the price of the same type of milk. Eli's price of free light organic yogurt milk is nearly 74% higher than the price of light, higher product prices make organic milk more profitable, and in the future it will be more organic as Eli shares increase.
The market for yoghurt-based milk beverages is better. (1) Acid milk beverages are based on fresh milk or milk powder, and include products made of water, sugar, stabilizers, etc., which are treated as fungicides and have a longer physiotherapistic period than milk-acid beverages.
However, the acid milk beverages have a large amount of additives, high sugar fractions, lack of real materials, a low health profile and low product class, so that they are now mainly in the county market and are expected to contract in the future as the income levels of the people of the county rise and the pursuit of healthy foods. (2) The emulsions are fermented with fresh milk or powder for milk, water and thickening agents.
Some of these are low-temperature emulsion beverages, which contain a higher number of active emulsions, and which require products to be stored in cold condition, usually for a period of two weeks; in order to extend the quality of the product, many of the country’s manufacturers treat the bacterium and produce it, which can be preserved at constant temperatures and in the interest of preservation.
Qualitative period is prolonged. First, the orientation of the emulsifier promotes digestive health products that are functional and more nutritious than that of the emulsion drink, which makes it necessary for the emulsion to replace the acidic milk drink: in addition, the cold chain transport conditions for the low-temperature emulsions, the constant-temperature milk, which is directed towards a wider group of consumers and more convenient consumption patterns, and is therefore more favoured than the regular emulsions.
The main products of Ely's current emulsifiable drinks are pneumatic and low-temperature emulsifiers, which are expected to grow faster this year, with the new products that companies put on the market in 2016 and are expected to grow faster than 1 billion in the year. In the future, the products are expected to become companies with increased corporate input.
3.4.2 Eri shares are ranked first in terms of domestic penetration of 88.5 per cent of dairy products in 2015, according to Kedo's data, but currently Ely shares are just the top of dairy products and will be worth hundreds of millions of foods in the future.
Businesses, in addition to relying on continued deep excavation in the dairy industry, expand to other food products, and open up room for growth. In the case of Nestlé, the largest food company in the world, the company now covers dairy products, nutrients, drinking water, cooking products, cereals, coffee, drinks, chocolate, ice cream, pet food, and raw materials for the food industry.
Since its inception, Nestlé has continuously expanded the range of products covered by the company’s total sales in 2016 by a total of SwF 89.5 billion (approximately RM62 billion), breaking through the cut-off ceilings and achieving a sustained expansion in the scale of revenues. For many years, Eli’s shares have been looking for suitable healthy foods, and the direction of the test water is now clear for plant eggs.
Vegetable protein beverage is based on plant nuts, meat and beans (e.g. soybeans, peanuts, apricots, walnuts, coconuts, etc.), processed, mediated, followed by milked beverages made of high-pressure insecticidal or sterile packaging. Plants have lower protein content and no cholesterol, so plant protein is drinking for consumers who are increasingly seeking healthy lives.
According to data released by the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the growth of the beverage industry has been marked in recent years, with the market for plant protein beverages rising from 9.9% in 2007 to 18.69% in 2016.
The overall concentration in the plant protein beverages industry is currently low, with the top 10 plant protein beverages in the country receiving only 22.6 per cent of the revenue market in 2015, while the top company is a mesquito-drinking company, with 8.3 per cent of the market share, but the concentration in each of the major subdivisions is higher, owing to the larger range of plant protein beverages, of which most enterprises use a few are core business varieties.
High, e.g. silver quails and walnut milk have up to 80% of the city, and coconut trees have up to 55% of the city in coconut juice. The plant protein industry is growing at a significant rate and is entering the full integration phase as new entrants compete more and more, and the current lineheads are actively transformed to include more beverages and even food items.
Coconut groups have introduced such products as mineral water, turtle ointment, pomegranate juice, vitamin milk, tea and juice, southern food, black sesame, etc.
Peach milk is followed by a large single vegetable protein beverages.4 Financial analysis: product upgrades + cost controls, highlighting brand advantage, Elli shares as dairy taps, with its strong combined capacity for product innovation, branding and channel management, I
At around 80 billion yuan a year, it became the largest dairy company in the country, and now the shares of Iri have become China and even China.