On October 26, 2023, Golden Dragonfish released its report for the first three quarters of 2023.
Total 2023q1-q3 collects $18,852.2 billion (0.4% increase), resulting in a net return to the mother, a recovery in the quarterly harvest and a significant increase in profitability. At the profit end, 2023q1-q3 is lower than the cost of major raw materials such as soybean/soy oil/ palm oil.
The higher end of basic products, the faster distribution of cooking energy, the higher end of the product, the lower sales of the 2023q1-q3 catering/food industry channels, have led to a sharp increase in the profits of kitchen food.
The company ' s wheat stock cost has returned to normal levels, and the flour business has increased its profits on a year-on-year basis. For feed and oil, 2023q3 for feed has increased its profits on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to tight soybean supplies and a recovery in the price of products such as soybeans and pressurization.
1 Golden Dragonfish (300999): The performance phase has seen a significant increase in profits for the same year, while the profit for the technical product 2023q3 increases for the same year as prices have recovered and sales have increased.
Performance growth, year-round profit elasticity, basic product development, high end product requirements for consumers, 2023-04-29.
At the end of the channel, retail outlets, lower costs of raw materials drive retail production, 3, Golden Dragonfish (300999): Māori rates are increasing at the same time in such industries as culinary; and in the catering channel, the macro-environment is depressed.
It is expected that the business will continue to progress steadily, as companies have the cost advantage of the whole chain from raw material processing to product marketing. 2023-03-24
The company plans to facilitate the development of cooks through the self-employment and recruitment model, and to integrate food materials up and down on a one-stop basis.
We see the company as a kitchen food leader, actively seeking diversification, and the cook business is expected to release the company’s performance growth space when it rises. According to the three-quarterly report,
▪ The Food Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, etc.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the Qin securities, the New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential.
Liaogwan State: Master of Arts, Chinese University of Hong Kong, cfa.3 years of study in the food and beverages industry, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and wine.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.