Policy + open markets are working at the same time, and performance repairs are expected. The stagnation of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre and the sub-policial market have led to a decline in sales revenues for informatization applications.
In 2022, the cost of sales/management/research and development of companies was $310 million, an increase of 11.5 per cent. Companies continued to invest in research and development to increase the value of their products at the national level.
The company’s multi-chips are derived from two dimensions of the command system and the production process – products, performance excellence, and promising growth points for the company’s future performance. In the future, the company will continue to improve its core.
cpu-valued and improved software ecology, further sharpened the software base of the software, and improved the development of the first gpgpu chip and 3a6,000 debugging and productization. Meanwhile, the binary translation platform is constantly being changed, and the basic applications of the "one-for-one-for-nothing" core printer, the three-dimensional core display control, the core video editor, etc. should be developed
Policy + open markets simultaneously add steadily to the firm’s core competitiveness. The company’s mastery of generic processors, operating systems, solutions three-pronged capabilities is its steady growth in both policy and open markets.
The future of companies will continue to improve their position in policy markets through the optimization of value for money and software ecology, combined with the need for specific information-based applications, through the creation of open market price advantages for system solutions through software and hardware customization and re-engineering of industrial chains, thereby enhancing competitiveness in open markets.
In view of the firm's adherence to the policy-oriented market and the “two legs” walk-in approach in the open market, it is expected to take the lead in benefiting from the dollar brought by the policy-based information market development. The first “buy-in” rating is covered.
One company builds an autonomous ecological system for the development and development of a national cpu pilot.
The company is mainly engaged in the development, marketing and servicing of processors and accessories, the main products of which are processors and packages of chip products and basic hardware and software solutions. After a long period of accumulation, the company has built up a critical and structured core of autonomous cpu R & D and software eco-building technologies. On 24 June 2022, the company was successfully placed on the market.
The film consists of chip packages such as the Dragon Quest 1, Dragon Quest 2, Dragon Quest 3 series of processors and bridge chips, the main clients of which are card and engine manufacturers. Currently, the company conducts industrial eco-building based on two main lines of information systems and industrial control systems, and maintains full market cooperation with partners in the areas of network security, office and business information, engineering and property networking.
Products have been widely used in sectors such as e-government, energy, transport, finance, telecommunications, and education, upgrading core competitiveness, policy + open market co-development. Corporate industrial chip products are mainly used in key information infrastructure control and communication systems; and information chip products are used mainly in critical information infrastructure.
Tabletops and servers: The solution consists mainly of hardware modular products and technical services. Based on the policy market instability and the fact that the company's hardware and software capacity has accumulated sufficiently, the company proposes to stay on the policy market and open market “two legs” in time to walk, while continuously improving the basic hardware and software platform, driven by the policy market, and substantially increasing the price of the core cpu.
And software ecology: On the other hand, efforts have focused on breaking through the solution of storage servers, industrial terminals, printers, bmc, hardware electronics, etc., and building up competitive advantages in open markets. Research and development, markets, production, management, etc., in 2022 reinforced the “inner causes” of corporate development, laying a solid foundation for companies to better meet policy market demands and move towards open markets.
Long-term autonomous R & D, technology and capacity build-up of the company ' s products fast-paced. 1) Companies insist on autonomous R & D & D & P, forming hundreds of ips, including serial cpuip nuclear, gpuip nuclear, memory controllers and phy, high-speed bus controllers and phy. 2) Companies introduce autonomous command systems for loongarch and are based on loongarch migration or research.
The core modules of the operating system were distributed, including kernels, three compilers, three virtual machines, browsers, media players, kvm virtual machines, etc. The basic version operating system for servers, desktop-based applications and applications for industrial controls was created: loongos. 3) Companies move away from their reliance on state-of-the-art processes through design optimization and advanced process enhancement.
The core technology developed in the process of autonomous R & D and industrialization helps companies to build up a fast-paced mix of existing ones, better meet client customization basic software and hardware needs, and further build autonomy, back-to-back with the Middle Court, where the controlling shareholder is a small child core. The company’s equity structure is more centralized, with real control over the human being Hu Wei Wu and Jin.
Red couple. President Hu Wei Wwo, through the Indirect Holdings of the Beijing Child Cycling Technology Company Ltd. 10.3% of the top five shares of the company are: Beijing Child Cycling Technology Ltd. (21.5%), Beijing Central Science Source Asset Management Ltd. (19.3%), Ningbo Central Cocavu Equity Investment Partnership (12.9%), Yokohama Equity Investment Fund (9.0%) and North China
Kyoto Industrial Development Investment Management Ltd. (6.4%).