The company reviews the securities industry's own investment earnings, ipo's uplifting capital securities (601878.sh)
In the first three quarters of 2017, the company achieved total operating income of $3.285 billion, a decrease of 2.67 per cent over the same period;
The company's profit ring rebounded in the first quarter of 2017, resulting in a net return to the mother of 285 million yuan, an increase of 8.42 per cent. Basic eps 0.26, a decrease of 21.21 per cent in the same year; roe (weighted) amounted to 8.14 per cent, with the company's accumulated net income from its own business of 573 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase in the same year.
It benefits from a single-season q3 stock rebound and the expansion of product lines. The firm’s ficc operations are well-established, investing and trading in high-value fixed-income investments through the consolidation of in-house resources, actively expanding the country’s debt futures, interest rate swaps, bulk commodities, off-site derivatives creation, off-site and off-site options, etc.
A variety of assets, participation in new operations such as gold leasing, cds, etc., have initially developed into diversified revenue structures such as traditional investment operations, sales, transactions, and financial market services. At the same time, companies have strengthened core stock pools and adjusted their positions in a timely manner in response to changing circumstances.
3) A significant decline in brokering, credit and financial management performance, with relatively robust investment performance, with net revenue of 764 million yuan, or 26.30 per cent, from securities traded by agents in the previous three quarters of the company; q3 net sales of securities sold by agents in the first quarter of the year, affected by the continued warming of the market
q3 One-quarter net interest income of $101 million, or 20.17 per cent ring growth, included a combined balance of $7,339 million at the end of September, representing an increase of 9.45 per cent compared with the end of the second quarter, and a market share of 0.79 per cent. ipo opened up the business space and contributed to the scaling up of credit operations.
In the case of management operations, the net income from the company ' s entrusted client ' s asset management business in the previous three quarters was $263 million, while in the case of investment operations, the net income from the company ' s undertaking in the previous three quarters was $362 million, a decrease of 2.53 per cent, and performance was relatively robust; in the case of q3, the net income for the first quarter was $117 million, an increase of 16.38 per cent.
4) The strong regional advantages, ipo’s growing capital power, corporate activity, private capital activity, and the wealth of clients, such as high-quality SMEs and high-net people, provide a good development platform for companies to finance their operations.
There are significant regional advantages to the country’s policies to promote a broad strategy of long-triangular integration. The company’s ipo is on the ground, raising cumulative net funds of $2.757 billion, and plans to invest in a number of areas, such as asset management, business point construction, banking, self-employment, research, affiliates, integration, off-site markets, etc., and upgrades the company’s capital.
This power opens up space for the company’s future business expansion. The company’s business is well developed, high-quality small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and high-value net people are gathering, clients are rich, business needs are wide-ranging; a stock listings enhance the company’s capital and help the company to develop its business in the future;
As the only financial platform to be listed under the banner of Zhejiang Province, it is expected to benefit from the resources of the major shareholders.