Marginal improvements in profitability, new energy acquisition in the first half of the year 8.4gw recommended (for the first time)
The company published its semi-annual report for 2022, which generated operating income of $91.16 billion in the first half of the year, while the pyrotechnic plate remained profitable in an environment of high fuel costs, and the pyrotechnic block fuel price increased significantly on a year-on-year basis, depleting overall profit levels.
Electricity generation at 17,284 million kilowatt-hours decreased by 0.5 per cent in the same year; fire panels were net profit to the mother; while the average net cost of electricity settled online by coal machines in the first half of the year was 462.38 yuan/megawatt-hours, an increase of 23.8 per cent over the year of 2021, the return from higher electricity prices was still insufficient to cover the company's fuel base.
Leung Yo Nam Ben has increased. As compliance with the three-quarters long-term coal contract has become more regulated, coal prices are expected to enter the lower route, and the profits from the fire and electricity are expected to rise steadily in the second half of the year.
Photovoltaic machines are growing rapidly, and wind turbines have greater potential for growth. The profits of new energy plates are growing robustly with the size of installed machines. Wind power and light in the first half of the year, net profits are $1,153 million and $108 million, respectively, and windboards are net profits for the mother.
Leafware holding 51.8gw, of which wind power is 6.84gw, photovoltaic 1.23gw. In the first half of the year, wind power generated 8.24 billion kWh (year-on-year + 2.6%) and photovoltaic power generated 690 million kWh (with new energy installed growing and greater potential for profit).
The marginal increase in profitability and the increase in net operating cash flows in the first half of the year was 12.66 per cent, a decline of 3.9 pct and a positive increase from 2021. Net operating cash flows increased by 84.35 per cent in the first half of the year, mainly as a result of the increase in net operating cash flows of $21.33 billion.
In the first half of the year, there was an increase in the return of income from major operations and the retention of VAT received. With the cumulative impact of water deformities on the performance of the Association’s compliance regulations, it is possible to repair the profitability of electricity and light power.
In the more than three months since letter 303 was officially implemented, the State and the local authorities have been increasing compliance controls for medium- and long-term contracts to ensure that the Association stabilizes the supply and does not exceed the prescribed rates.
The price of coal is now fully covered and is expected to enter the lower route. Water is running out in July-August, electricity supply gaps are largely filled by fire power, and the number of hours and the price of electricity are boosted. In July, the power supply increased by 5.3%, with the ring ratio rising.
11.3 percentage points, which is expected to continue at a higher rate in August. With the fall in the price of coal by the Association, and the double effect of water erosion, it is expected that the profitability of the fire power will be significantly restored in the second half of the year.
The company's current share of the power grid is still high, responding to the energy transition demands of the consortium and the National Investment Commission. According to the company's plan, 35gw was added during the “145” period, and over 40% of the “145” end cleaners were installed. The company relies on conventional energy.
Reconciling capacity, using resources such as peaks, corridors, etc., has a clear advantage in accessing and developing new energy projects. Companies acquired 8.38gw of new energy resources in the first half of the year, completing approvals or preparing coal prices to remain high; new energy development has not progressed as expected; electricity prices have been limited, etc.
Tao Maw, graduated from China’s University of Mines (Beijing) and has had more than 10 years of experience in industrial research, and has long been working on environmental public and industrial chains. He worked on civil securities, Pacific securities, and joined the Chinese Galaxy securities in January 2022.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.