National electricity (600795) utilities Continuous infusion of high-quality assets and wind-light transformation effect of South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Incidents: The company published its semi-annual report for 2022H1, which generated operating income of $91.16 billion, an increase of 20.0 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother of $2.33 billion, a decrease of 22.4 per cent over the same period; the coal cost advantage was highlighted and performance continued to improve in the second quarter. The company collected $91.16 billion in 2022H1 battalion.
Coal prices continued to run at high levels in the first half of the year, with a combined coal charge of RMB 968.2 per ton, an increase of RMB 230.4 per ton in the same year; the net profit of q2 to the mother was RMB 1.28 billion, an increase of 21 per cent in the ring, and the company's coal cost was excellent
A net profit of 1.260 billion yuan, or 54 per cent of the total, and the company’s continued expansion of wind and wind operations and its increasing profitability – a net cash flow of 21.33 billion yuan (+84.4 per cent) in battalion activities to support the company’s wind and wind.
In addition, the company plans to invest in the construction of the three-phase project on the expansion of the National Energy Ark, which is about 1.3gw, and the national launch of the second phase of the 2x9f gas heat and power union project.
In June 2022, ministries such as the National Development and Reform Commission jointly issued the “14th Five-Year Plan for Renewable Energy Sources,” making it clear that stocks of fire power, hydropower, will be an important support for the transformation of new sources of energy. Companies will not cut off the power and bad assets of fire, build up the code and invest in high-quality water and fire assets, and the transformation of new energy projects will have a strong advantage.
Fire power costs are expected to continue to fall (2022-07-20) 2. National electricity (600795). Fire power costs are good, water is the main business of the company, which can be divided into four main sections: fire power, hydropower, new energy sources, coal, and we combine past business data.
The following key assumptions are made for segment revenue and cost by type of operation: Assuming that 2: taking into account the year-to-year improvement in the water and electricity consumption conditions in Sichuan Province, where the company's water and electricity priorities are located, the utility and electricity prices are expected to rise, the ratio of equity assets of the company is expected to remain at 70 per cent, and the Māori ratio remained stable in 22-24, respectively
Assumption 4: Given that the overall coal price has remained high for 22 years, it is expected that the company’s share of the coal interest will remain stable, and based on the company’s financial information on the segment’s operations disclosed in its 21-year annual report, we can split the net profits and net assets of the company’s operations. For the net profits of the segment, the company has spent 21 years on fire, hydroelectricity, wind, and wind, before offsetting the offsetting of the segment’s net profits.
The net profits of the coal four business blocks are 59.0/250.0/13.0/18.2 million yuan, while the total net profits of the company for 21 years are 34.2 billion yuan after taking into account other business and inter-branch offsets. For the net assets of the subsectors, the net assets of the company in 21 were 848/295.220/77 billion yuan, respectively, before offsetting the inter-branch offsets.
After offsetting the effects of his business and inter-branch operations, the company ' s combined net assets in 21 years were $111.2 billion, and we projected the profits of the company ' s business portfolios in 22-24, taking into account historical data, with the following core assumptions:
Assumption 4: The company ' s coal profits return to a reasonable zone year by year, and the net interest rate for the coal business in 22-24 is assumed to be 5, with reference to historical data, the share of losses and losses of the minority shareholders of the company ' s fire power and coal portfolio calculated at 50 per cent, while the share of the profits and losses of the hydropower minority is calculated at 30 per cent:
Assumption 6: Inter-branch offsets are mainly borne by fire power, with net inter-branch offset profits as a percentage of revenue calculated at 2.0 per cent. Hundreds of millions of yuan, of which 5.816.6.28.4.810 million are for electric power, hydroelectric power, wind, coal, respectively. For the company ' s fire power and coal business, we give 0.7 times pb for 23 years as a whole because net assets cannot be split directly.
On 30 June, the combined net assets of the company ' s fire power and coal plate were $979 billion, taking into account inter-branch offsets and equity ratios, and it can be measured that the combined net assets of the company ' s fire power and coal plate to the mother total approximately $29.8 billion, with an average of 1.10 pb compared to the three coal companies and an average of 2.85 pb compared to the three coal company companies, taking into account the fact that the company ' s fire and electricity business owned integrated production of the consortium 'coal circuit port'.
In a conservative way, we gave the company fire power and coal plates 0.7 times pb in 2023, and the plate item, and we gave the company a 23-year 12-fold pe for hydropower operations, with a market value of $22.1 billion. Based on our projections of profits for each segment of the company’s future operations, it is expected that the company’s hydropower operations will be paid back to the mother in 2023.
1840 million yuan. Three utility companies, on average 12.6 times more than the average in 2023, and given that the company ' s hydropower future is expected to benefit from improved water discards and higher hydropower prices resulting from the Tshont high-pressure construction, we gave the company a market value of 22.1 billion yuan in 2023, 12 times the size of the hydropower plate, due to water decomposition over 22 years, and because of conservativeness.
For the company's wind business, we gave it a 23-year 14-fold market value of $54.2 billion for the windboard target. Based on our projection of the profits of the future segments of the company's business, the net profit on the company's wind business is expected to be approximately $3.87 billion in 2023, compared to the average of the three winds in 2023, taking into account that the company's 1450-year planning objectives are substantial.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
As far as the company and the author know, there are no laws or regulations with respect to securities evaluated or recommended in this report that require disclosure or restrictions or silence.
Read or focus on the content of this report as a client from the media. The company or associated institution may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek to provide investment banking or financial advisory services for these companies.
At different times, the company may issue reports that are inconsistent with the information, observations, and assumptions contained in this report, and it does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. At the same time, the information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.