State policy, rities, Nang Swe (600406.sh)
The group re-organised the power flagship, with a multi-dimensional layout of hundreds of billions of dollars in market value, long-term competitiveness rating: higher than the industry average, and the end of the list for the group as a whole.
The group is basically listed as a whole when the purchase price is estimated at RMB 26,680 million.
As a result of this reorganization, the Division absorbed excellent assets such as the Naore relay protection, the Nan Rui transmission and the Prey Engineering transmission, and the IEC power communications. As a result of this reorganization, the company’s grid operation was able to generate electricity to electricity and to put it to a low level.
Pressure, one-to-two full coverage, with a shift in simple equipment sales to innovative models such as system solutions, epc, and ppp. The grid business has not lost momentum, and network and super-high voltage performance is expected to exceed expectations.
Automation will lead to smooth development, with structural opportunities for integrated local and subdistrict movement control systems; energy efficiency investments in electricity information, communications and grids are on the rise, and companies are expected to benefit as leading companies under the umbrella of the national network.
In the course of the year, a second tender for the future network is expected to continue to outpace expectations. The construction of the super-high pressure is behind the overall plan. In the future, there will be a high-pressure approval, construction speed or acceleration. In the second half of this year, a number of direct-flow projects in the country will be subject to intensive bidding, progress on an average of three direct-flow lines per year over the next three years, and the Nanse family will be able to do so every year.
Companies expand their operations off-grid and overseas, opening up grid operations to grow ceilings. Companies invest heavily in igbt smart manufacturing with the promise of breaking the foreign monopoly, and at the same time do a great deal of “large-scale engineering” business, or the track.
Signal system operations are in the process of applying for a licence, which will greatly enhance the performance growth space of the track. Direct foreign flows, electricity market space, and the U.K.'s S. Chetlanchott logo, which formally opens the U.K. Soft City, are expected to take the lead in creating an advantage of scale.
▪ Companies and related targets are well developed in connection with network automation, direct transmission, industrial control, etc.
1.1 Injecting assets to an estimated 14 times the market value of 73 billion N.N.S. is our flagship power automation company, mainly engaged in grid automation, power generation and the launch of the New Year into Shanghai Mainboard Market in October 2013. In November 2013, the company ' s major shareholder, N.N.S., committed itself to a three-year period.
Addressing competition between listed companies and their counterparts in Nanxibo, Pratt, China, and Pry through equity transfers, asset injections, business integration, etc. This group has largely securitized the group as a whole with high-quality assets through group assets and tops.
The reorganization of the city’s companies fulfils the commitment made three years ago to settle competition by capital. In this group, the company’s 41,01% of the shares were held by the company and the largest shareholders in the listed company before the merger.
Mainly engaged in electricity system automation, communications information, super/high voltage transmission equipment, flexible transmission equipment, general contracting of engineering services and engineering services.
It's a Chinese brand name, and the "Nan Swe" and "nari" products are Chinese brand products. The Nan Swe Group has entered China's software business for 10 consecutive years and has become China's top 10 innovative software firms for six consecutive years.
The National Institute of Networked Electricity holds 100 per cent of the shares of the Nanse Group and is a large industrial group and an integrated scientific unit directly attached to the national grid. It is mainly engaged in the automation of power systems, electricity information communications, ultra/high voltage transmission equipment, flexible transmission equipment, smart- and low-voltage electrical equipment, power generation and water automation equipment, and works.
This asset restructuring programme involves the development, design, manufacture, and sale of industrial automation equipment, non-crystal alloy transformers and cable cables.
After the merger, the company ' s net profits in 2016 amounted to $3.29 billion and its revenue reached $28.24 billion. By analysing the financial situation of listed companies and target companies in 2015 (abstract), the company ' s revenues in 2016 were consolidated.
Prior to the reorganization, the net profits of the company after the merger in 2016 corresponded to the net profits after the merger in 2016, valued at 22 times the value of the company. Because the price of the matching financing was pending, the SNS Group, which held 62.57% of the shares in the country, was still the largest shareholder.
The total price of the assets traded in the winning transaction is $26,688,003.97 million. According to this reorganization, the shares of the listed company in the purchase of the assets were issued in shares amounting to approximately 1,773 million shares, plus cash payments amounting to $251,381.5 million.
Shen Guo Yung and Yunnan have invested 1,397 million shares, 251 million shares, 124 million shares, and 52.53 million shares in cash to the Sino-Swiss Group. The pre- and post-reorganization agreement between the company and the four trading counterparty shares for the forecast of profits has been issued.
According to the asset assessment report, the assets that are the subject of the relevant proceeds-based pricing were invested mainly in electricity electronics such as the igbt package between 2017 and 2019, with a total of $6,103 million raised, of which $3.43 billion was spent on project investments.
The Department intends to transfer the shares of no more than 10 specific investors in any way for 12 months from the date of the listing of the additional shares.
All right, the distribution price is no less than 90 per cent of the average value of the 20 trading days before the pricing benchmark, and in terms of the specific investment direction, this matching fund-raising is directed to 13 projects, 4 of which are related to the electricity and electronics industry, and the related investment amounts to 2,114 million yuan, representing the total investment in the project.
61.6 per cent of the total investment in the industrialization of the igbt module amounted to $1.644 billion, the largest single project, which shows the importance and strong support of the company for the industrialization of the igbt module.2 The restructuring of the company has resulted in five major areas of operation, leading to the achievement of the electrician flagship.
2.1 Over the past 10 years, the company, as the only listed public platform of the Group, has undergone three consolidations of assets within the Group, and through these three consolidations, the company is new.
In many areas, coverage from the entire industry chain of electric appliances has been largely achieved, while firms have reduced competition from their counterparts in some areas and at the group level. In 2013, asset injections further enhanced the competitiveness of firms in the market.
Production injections took place in Beijing in 2013, when the five companies of Coton, China Power, China Power, Nanxia Solar, Stabilisation Branch were successfully integrated into Nanxi, and this merger resolved the business conflicts between companies and groups in the areas of movement control automation, new energy generation, while allowing companies to enter the field of equipment for a single distribution network, through
The introduction of power plant auxiliaries has increased the combined power in the field of power generation. Beijing’s M&A assets, such as Kodong, have actually made a substantial and super-foreseeable profit.
The actual net profit accumulated at the end of the current period during the period of profit compensation will be no less than the projected net profit of $328,443,600 (excluding loss of impairment of assets, financial costs and non-recurring gains and losses). The profits of companies such as the one in Beijing increased significantly after the asset infusion in 2013, and the share price moved out of the boom.
In addition to this, we combed the stock price trends following the company's recent announcement of asset acquisition plans on three occasions, and the overall performance of 2.2 pillars was resonant, and the listed companies were entering a new round of performance upturns, with firm revenues and profits growing robustly.
Re-drives, on the one hand, firms are increasing their high R & D investment in automation to ensure that they are ahead of automated technologies, and on the other hand, firms are making up new business areas through capital operations. Corporate incomes have increased by 29.9% and net profits by 29.4% over the last decade.
In recent years, through mergers and acquisitions, the company has gradually developed grid automation, new energy generation, energy conservation, industrial control, and four major grid automation units, divided into electricity generation automation, transmission automation, conversion automation, distribution automation and electrical automation in 2016.
Companies operate robustly, profitablely, and yield well. The company’s main business is automated, is a software block, with a higher Māori rate than that of other hardware and electricity companies listed. In recent years, there has been a downward trend in the Māori ratio as a result of increased competition in the market, but at the same time the company has achieved a net gain through triple-fee control.
The profitability rate is stable and consistently high at 13%. At the same time, corporate investment returns indicators such as Roe, Roa, Roic and others remain high in the industry.
Upgraded, cash flows from business activities improved significantly, with net cash flows from operating activities increased significantly by 51.7% in 2016, and companies have been able to transform innovative models such as systems solutions, pc, ppp, etc. In recent years, as the company’s technological strength has increased and its product services have become more abundant.
System solutions. Systematization, integration solutions enable clients to obtain one-stop solutions, and product compatibility and consistency are more stable.
The International Orbital Transport Phase Ppp project, with a total winning value of approximately $3.57 billion, covers track engineering, renovation works, main power substations, installation works, equipment acquisition and related construction management. The Department has pledged $768 million, or 48 per cent of the registered capital of the project company. The project company purchases equipment from its own company.
In addition to the sales revenue generated by $2.1 billion in equipment purchases, the company has a proportional share of the investment returns on the project company. In 2016, the company’s progress on the Ning and ppp projects was at the stage of centralized delivery, with an increase of 72% in the revenue from the orbital transport plate.
The experience of the epc project is growing and the company is expected to achieve the coverage of the system integration and related engineering operations, such as orbital traffic surveillance, signalling, informatization, and one-stop-shop resolution of the orbital transport automation system. The company has a high quality of staff and an annual rise in the overall per capita output. The company has been able to perform steadily in recent years.
Increased, with a highly qualified workforce with 45 per cent M.A. and above in 2016, the average per capita sales and full-time output amounted to a record 2.883 million yuan and 3.57 million yuan. 2.3 Quality assets are injected, and five business plates span the entire electrical life cycle.
After the asset is injected, the company's two major business plates become five major business clusters. The company's original business plates, namely, grid automation and industrial control, power generation and hydro-environmental protection, will be followed by three new business blocks, namely, power protection and flexible transmission, electricity information communications, overseas and engineering packages, which will be greatly enhanced after this merger.
The company’s five main product lines cover electricity generation, super-high pressure to low pressure, once or twice. The company’s electrical plate lines are becoming more comprehensive, covering almost the entire power supply.
Mergers and acquisitions are very high-quality assets, and the addition of new business blocks opens up room for companies to grow in the future. The relay company, led by the Master of Shen, is an absolute leader in the field of electricity protection, with very good personnel and very high output per capita.
Following the soft business of the Paul and Prey projects, the tech industry is leading, and it's been the first time that Abb and Alston together with the U.S.A. have taken Scotland's luxurious projects down for the first time in the near future. It's a real sign that we're starting to walk out of the country, that we have a clear advantage in new energy access, and that there is a huge space for the future.
Letters can be graphically compared to the eyes and ears of the grid, and future grid information and telecommunication is another trend in the development of the grid, with the ICT company leading the country in the field of grid information and communication, and the addition of this high-quality business will also greatly enhance the ability of listed companies to develop their competitiveness in this field.
Going overseas to sell is relatively small, and going out to sea through Brazilian affiliates, Indonesian affiliates, and international affiliates will greatly enhance the growth space for future corporate performance. We expect listed companies to sell around 13 billion in overseas markets by 2020.
Most of the company’s five business clusters are market-led. In the area of movement control automation, the company’s market share is far ahead, reaching more than 70 per cent at the provincial level and 50 per cent at the regional level and 30 per cent at the district level, respectively.
In the area of electrical relay protection and integrated automation, the listed company is firmly located in the first team, the newly integrated Nanxie, which has become more powerful and more distinctive in the technology of electrical relay protection, and through M&As, the company has created a two-tone layout in the field of electrical conversion automation, which combines a market share of more than 40%.
The purchase also resolved the competition between listed companies and the Prey Project in the field of secure and stable control of the grid, quantification of software and analytical protection control system-type products, internationally advanced levels, combined market share of over 80 per cent.
The company’s secondary product lines have been expanded to a certain extent, while the listed company and the M&As have set up secondary product lines. At the same time, the merger of Nanxia’s subsidiary, Pregausal, Pregausal, Prytech, has automated operations, but its more sophisticated circuits and relay protection techniques are relatively relative to the state’s electricity grid.
When the merger is completed, the grid automation is the company’s largest operating block. In recent years, listed companies have been able to benefit from investments in the grid that have gradually shifted to distribution and electricity use.
On the other hand, revenues from the automated distribution of electricity and the use of electricity have increased significantly, and the first episode of this area has been locked in. Figure 29: The breadth of the products of the primary and secondary electricity equipment companies compares favourably with the financial data of Nanrebau and Prey Engineering.
In addition to the high-voltage transmission field, the company’s competitiveness in the area of grid automation, particularly in the area of relay protection, is the largest contributor to the revenue and net profits of this injection of 14 assets, with two companies earning profits, Māori rates, etc. in the last two years.
Moreover, in 2016, it was recognized that income and net profits rose by 55% and 617%, respectively, and the Māori rate rose to 45.36%. The financial position of the two companies, which were mainly incorporated into the company, was excellent.
3. The growth of grid operations has continued, the steady growth of the thirteen-fifth performance has been guaranteed, the investment in the 3.1 distribution network has shifted to a secondary level, and the automaticization of the network has erupted. We remain positive about the $2 trillion invested in the thirteen-fifth distribution network.
By 2020, $2 trillion had been invested, of which no less than $3 trillion had been invested in 2015, and in 2015, the total investment in the city network was $114 billion, $162.8 billion in the restructuring of the agricultural network and $27.6 billion in the network, and we were not pessimistic about the lower than expected investment in the network in 2015.
We believe that the country’s investment in the two trillion-dollar grid during the 13th Five-Year Period is still highly likely to be realized. In 2016, the grid was invested 542.6 billion, at a rate of 17.88%, considering that the grid is invested faster than the grid is invested.
Accelerating the upgrading of the agricultural network to make a contribution to poverty reduction. As an important initiative of the central pro-poor deployment, the network was invested $171.8 billion in 2016 to manage 3.36 million rural “low voltage” users and to implement a new round of upgrading and upgrading of the agricultural network to improve rural production and living conditions.
By the end of 2017, 1.53 million agricultural irrigation wells will have been connected, 66,000 small towns (central villages) will have been upgraded, 26,000 natural villages will have been powered, and 52,000 natural villages will have been powered. We are still lagging behind, and network automation is in urgent need of improvement.
In the 1950s, we began planning the grid, and for a long time now, our electricity investment has been dominated by investment in power sources and transmission networks, and the grid input has not been large, and the gap between China and the developed world in the level of grid construction has been concentrated in China, compared to the average power outages in the developed world.
The increase in network automation will help to increase the country’s reliability of electricity supply. In terms of power outages, there is no automation, failure diagnosis, isolation, and recovery time, and network re-engineering and self-repair cannot be achieved.
In recent years, grid construction has gradually shifted from the grid to the distribution grid, which is consistent with the overall phase of global electricity construction. Since 2015, the number of grids in the country has increased.
Long, but mainly one-time equipment is being built and modified, and investment in secondary equipment for the network is relatively slow. In 2014, only 20% of the country ' s electricity distribution is automated, and the Plan of Action for the Construction and Rehabilitation of the grid requires that this figure reach 50% by 2017 and 90% by 2020.
To achieve a reliable electricity supply rate of 99.88 per cent in urban areas by 2020, with no more than 10 hours per year for users, and 99.72 per cent in rural areas by 2020.
Figure 40: Automation of the distribution system (ASYCUDA) Chart 40 The bid for network automation may continue to be more than anticipated and the company will continue to benefit as the backbone of the network.
Until 2016, the distribution circuit terminals and failure indicators were mainly based on a centralized bidding process at the beginning of the year, followed by a separate bidding model based on the project. In 2016, a two-year bidding process was initiated, combining the bidding process with the bidding process for the distribution of the network material. From 2017 onwards, the network will be set up twice.
In the first half of the year, six of the national electricity grid companies conducted one bid for network main stations, and 19 of them conducted two batches.
The bid for sub-distribution terminals, the April inventory of networked equipment and the first sub-networking provinces, showed that in the first two sub-distribution terminal tenders for 2017, the sub-distribution terminals (ttu), station terminals (dtu) and feeder terminals (ftu) each tendered 2,2125 sets, 320 sets, 39350 sets, respectively.
The total number of tenders was 93495, an increase of 83.8 per cent compared with the total number of 50858 tenders for distribution terminals during the previous year. The first number of tenders for main stations was 29 in 2017, which exceeded the total number of tenders for main stations last year.
In the first half of the year, the share of the final tender market was 10.8 per cent (4.15 per cent in Nanjing, 2.79 per cent in Nanjing, 2.68 per cent in Nanjing, and 1.34 per cent in Beijing) and is at the top of all the manufacturers, followed by Jiangsu Jin Ji-Tech, Shandong Luun, and Shenzhen.
A total of 71 tenders were tendered from 2014 to 2017 for the main site of the national network. Following the second wave of tenders for the main station, after 2001, the merged new state power took over half of Nanxie, with a total of 36 bids (including 15 for Nanjing control, 13 for Kodong Beijing, 6 for Surrey and 2 for Turbo).
Another 35 automated systems, such as Hewlett, Beijing Quadripartite, Accumulated Electronics and Orient Electronics, were shared, and the network hosting system, which is complex and difficult to integrate, has only eight strong suppliers in the market to win the bid.
Figure 43: Market share of distribution terminals in the first half of 2017 (by amount) 3.2 We still have an imbalance in electricity, which will guarantee growth in direct-flow performance through continued construction of super-high-pressure power, which is the basis for the continuing development of our ultra-high-pressure development.
There is a persistent problem with power loads and resource misallocation in power centres. The lack of sufficient extravagant delivery routes, the lack of effective use of electricity generation capacity in the northwest, and electricity generation capacity in the west, has led to a steady decline in the number of hours spent on electricity and a slow drop in the disposal of the wind in recent years.
Figure 47: Superhigh voltage for greater energy optimal configuration Chart 48: National grids have been built and are in the process of building super-voltage works, and our super-voltage construction has been remarkable. In the larger context of power imbalances, the national grid is being built "West."
The Great East-of-East Passage, which promotes the development of clean energy in border areas, has made an important contribution to the stabilization and development of border areas. The Great Border Outward Transport Corridor and the Kawasaki Network Project have been established, and seven super-high-voltage transmission corridors are being built to support the delivery of energy resources in Xinjiang, Inner Mongolia, and Gansu.
At this stage, we have completed eight tributary supervoltage projects (6 national grids, 2 southern grids) and six transfluorescent high voltage projects (all for national grids).
The building of four ultra-high-voltage communication lines (all for the national grid) remains a priority for the future. There is now a certain degree of “tight and weak traffic” in cross-district ultra-high-voltage approval and construction, and there is a debate about, for example, “direct flow and exchange of what is better”, but this is being thrown out.
There are arguments that, in the long run, the construction of the national grid will continue at a rapid pace. According to the National Network, during the 13th Five-Year Plan, the network invested 2.7 trillion yuan, optimizing the national grid to the west (North-West + Kawasaka), east (“Third + North-East + Inner Mongolia) two ultra-high-voltage synchronization grids, generating communication, direct flow agreements.
As early as the first two years, the National Network has divided the 13th Five-Five super-high-pressure plan into three batches: the first was a five-way eight-line project, which was scheduled to be launched in 2018-2019; the second was a four-way two-way project, which was scheduled to be launched in 2019-2020; and the third was a three-way project.
At this point in time, the construction of the super-pressure is behind schedule, so the pace of approval of future projects is expected to accelerate. The value of direct-flow high-pressure swap stations is higher than exchange heights.
Around $20 billion, general two-end swaps could account for 60% of the entire line, lines and towers 40%, compared to 40-50% of the corresponding exchange super-pressure line transformers. A typical super-pressure straight-line device is more fixed, including eight switch valves (one set of 170 million, total).
This compares to 6.8 per cent, 56 conversions (46 million or 13 per cent of the total), 2 direct-flow control protections (150 million or 1.5 per cent of the total) and direct-flow and exchange-space equipment.
Extremely high voltage technology requirements and stringent quality assurance have shaped a number of dominant firms. The ultrahigh voltage, especially the superhigh voltage engineering of more than 1 million voltage levels, has a very high technical threshold, is a highly expensive, technology-intensive project, and the ultra-high voltage grid is linked to the safety of the entire grid and the whole community.
Since the beginning of the plan, the technical concept of “grid-led enterprises, core corporate technology strikes” has been defined. After more than a decade of development, the country has reached 1,100 kv of ultra-high-voltage current voltage and 1,000 kv of ultra-high-voltage exchange voltage, regardless of voltage levels, power delivery, power distribution, etc.
Or is it that the grid is already at the top of the world, with no loss of abb, Siemens, Alston or other global giants in terms of technological power, which has also succeeded in shaping a number of dominant firms in the area of superhigh voltage, represented by Xu, Pingga, Prey, China Western, Nan Swe, Beijing Quartet, etc.
The South Swe Group is in the top three rankings of its share of direct transmissions. From Haminan, delivered in January 14, to Chengzhou, to Hunan, delivered in March of this year, to the construction of routes such as Jinbei to Jiangsu, where the country's electricity grid has organized a total of nine ultra-high-pressure straight-flow projects.
After 18 different electrical-exchange valves and maintaining market leadership, the Prey Project and the Nanxi replacement valves were marked as 13 and four, respectively, in the hands of the Tsi-Thai, Shanghai Temple and Guangzhou swaps. The direct-flow control protection has been divided equally between the electrical and Nanxi systems in this area, with market shares.
For the second half of 17 years, we believe it will continue to be high. We predict that the third quarter of the North-Wuhan and South Net Udong-Tzu projects will be launched, and that six months of the year will be offered under the North-North Soft Project.
Foreign companies will also continue to compete abroad, following the South Swe Group’s Trans-Treat project in June 2017, after the second phase of the beautiful mountain in Brazil. After 10 months, the project defeated old giants like Siemens, Alston, and eventually became eligible as the owner of the Shellan project, epc. The National Power Net Soft Straight Project came out of the country.
The first major project is a landmark, reflecting its international competitiveness in high-end transmission technology. We expect Pry Engineering and Nanxiu to continue their good performance in the bidding process for the direct stream project later this year, together with unrecognised ultra-high-pressure straight orders and overseas orders, which will continue over the next two years.
In the case of orders, we assume that each year the ultra-high-pressure straight line calls for three bids, with 50% of the company's direct-flow coverage and one third of the flow valves. Based on the above, we split up the single line. It is expected that each year in the future Nanwe will switch the valves and straight currents.
With 1.350 billion and 225 million additional orders, combined with support equipment such as direct-flow fields and exchange areas, the total value of 3.3 will continue to grow steadily.
The system consists of basic platforms and real-time surveillance and early warning, dispatch planning, security calibration, dispatch management, and four main types of applications, underpinned by a panorama of distributed integration, and multi-dimensional coordination.
The security defence of the power grid, the preparation of finely optimized dispatch plans and the regulation of efficient process management of four key lines of operations, the realization of a range of functions with forward warning, global control, optimal self-adaptation, and the integration of fine dispatches, have led to an overall increase in the intelligentness of the power grid.
The Automated System for National Communications is an absolute market leader. The Automated System for Movement Control (ASYCUDA) is provided by Beijing, China, China, China, China, Beijing, China, China, and China.
The system is fully covered, with China's share of the market in the Net Province exceeding 70%, China's share of the market in Beijing, China's share in China, China's overall share in the automation of the movement control system exceeding 90%, and its position as an absolute leader. Given the strong technical barriers to the movement control system and the need for security stability, the company will continue to do so in the future.
In the next two years, there will be a centralized outbreak of local and subdistrict integrated dispatch centre needs. The former national network implemented a five-tier system of national, network, provincial, ground and county movement, with the national grid controlled by a five-tier system.
The transition to a three-tier movement control system (i.e., national, provincial, local and district integrated movement control) has led to the construction of local and sub-district integrated movement control centres. At this stage, there are more than 300 local and sub-district integrated movement control centres planned by China, with approximately one third of the completed local and sub-district integrated movement control centres, with 200 remaining in the next two years.
The Nanxi Group is a leader in the industry in terms of the automation of traditional transformer power plants, the automation of digital transformer power stations, and the automation of smart transformer power stations.
The company’s independent ns3000 system is the latest developed smart transformer system, which provides a package of solutions for the construction and adaptation of the 35kv–750kv smart transformer power plant.
The first high-voltage transformer project in China was applied to the 1,000kv long-moderated transformer plant. At the same time, Nanxia was also powerful in the area of smart conversion plant automation systems, particularly in the area of relay protection, where the company had large transformer relay protections, high-voltage electrical resistance.
A series of high specifications, technical precision, high-stability protective products, such as repeater protections, parent line protections, Figure 56: ATM high-voltage relay protection and malfunctioning information management systems Chart 57: API network monitoring system map
Ilxpe/rs232/wodew Medical Work Starts
exm warranty management device, UNFL
Spanish city, protective exhibition, stress barrier.
This year, the number of tenders to automate electricity is likely to be close to the 2015 high. This year, four tenders have been launched for electrical protection and conversion station computer monitoring systems. Each year, from 2014 to 2016, six tenders have been issued for electrical protection and conversion station computer monitoring systems.
This year, with the fifth and sixth batch of tenders, the number of tenders for systems products for relay protection and conversion stations computer monitoring in 2017 is likely to be close to the 2015 high point. Nanxia has a half of the market share in conversion automation. We've counted three batches before 2017.
The bid results (the successful candidate in the fourth instalment has not yet been published), 4432 and 138 respectively for high-voltage relay protection and metering systems above 220kv, 7078 and 1008 respectively for systems of relay protection and computer monitoring.
In bits. Surrey has a 26% market share in high voltage relay protection above 220kv, a 17% market share below 220kv, a 33% market share in computer surveillance systems above 220kv, and a 14% market share in computer surveillance systems below 220kv.
Taken together, two companies have a market share in high voltage relay protection at 220kv and above, and 32% in relay protection at 220kv and above. The market share of machine surveillance systems at 220kv and above is 48% and the market share of computer surveillance systems at 220kv and below 220kv.
The solution for the integration of power stations and the bid for the pc project will be the direction. In the future, the conversion automated domain will be closely linked to products such as smart primary devices, electronic sensors, high voltage relay protection, and the overall solution for the sale of the smart conversion plant set and the bid for the pec project will be the direction of industry.
Nanse, a leading company with a strong technical capacity and wide product coverage, will benefit significantly from this shift in the future, which will focus on upgrading the supply capacity of the smart transformer plant set and the engineering pc master package, on the one hand, and on achieving a breakthrough in the overseas conversion automation solution and the package project, on the other.
3.4 Energy-efficient and environmentally friendly investments have emerged, and companies under the umbrella of the national network will benefit from a steady increase in energy-efficient and environmentally friendly operations.
In recent years, the electricity sector has promoted a green transition, a rapid growth in the construction of smart grids with super-high voltage, structural changes in electricity market demand, and grid festivals.
Energy efficiency in the distribution grid is the reduction of the network's line loss level through certain technologies, which leads to electricity saving during transmission and distribution. Line loss is the consumption of electricity by the electricity industry in the production of electricity.
The national grid treats the loss rate as an important economic indicator, reflecting the quality of electricity use and technology management, as well as the efficiency of electricity production. According to the data, in 2016, the total consumption of electricity in the country was 591.98 billion kilowatt-hours.
6.47% of the electricity lost on the line amounts to 383 billion kilowatt-hours. In 2016, the rate of damage to our lines was 0.16% lower than in 2015 and in 2016, the total national consumption of electricity was 591.98 billion degrees, reducing the consumption of electricity by 9.47 billion. Conservatively, the size of the energy-saving market in the country ' s grids during the 1355th period of 2020 could reach 24 billion.
The grid's wire loss ratio is 60%, so there's about 230 billion degrees of wire damage from the grid. During the 13th Five-Year Plan of Action for the grid conversion, I assumed that by distributing electricity, the grid would be energy-efficient, reducing the loss rate by 1%, while at the same time it would increase by 7% per year, 2017-
By 2020, the average annual electricity consumption for the whole of society could reach 700 billion degrees, resulting in electricity saving of 42 billion kilowatts, with energy saving benefits of 27 billion yuan at 0.64 yuan per degree of electricity, and the market space of the network-based energy-saving service companies of around 24 billion yuan at 90 per cent of the energy-saving ratio.
The company will benefit from this. The company, as a public platform under the national net, will benefit from the large-scale energy-saving renovation of the national grid, especially the distribution grid, which has been signed in recent years by the company for energy-efficient remodelling and upgrading of the grids in Zhejiang, Fujian, Ani, etc., to provide the energy-saving services company with one or two relevant festivals.
As the main energy-efficient power of the grid, the company's subsidiary, the Beijing Research and Energy Company, has developed a platform for integrated energy-saving assessment and decision-making technology support, energy-efficient distribution transformers, smart mix radio areas, distribution grid-wide voltage optimization and coordination of control systems, low-pressure three-phase balancing control systems and so on.
The integrated energy-saving solution, implemented in a step-by-step and open-ended manner, achieves an integrated energy-saving, engineering-improvised and overall assessment of the benefits of the grid.
Acshore power systems create green ports that replace green energy for achievement. The port power system refers to ships that, when docked at the docks, take power directly from their base-based high-voltage power sources, instead of generating electricity from the ship's fuel generators, as it was. The accelerator system addresses the pollution of the ship's fuel generators in the past.
Large and loud issues are of great importance in building low-carbon, green, and intelligent ports. To this end, the state is actively promoting a port-to-shore power program to achieve zero emissions of pollution during ship anchoring, and the economic environment.
The company looks very well at the development prospects of port-shore electricity as another flashpoint for future revenue earnings. The company successfully developed a 3mw high-pressure coastal power system and mastered a dual-frequency device and connected to it, based on its excellent research and development power in power, electricity and electronics in 2016.
The power needs of ships vary in their capacity and frequency of output, both in terms of tonnage and technical stability. The company uses its powerful systems to solve the problem and the capacity of the pc master package, in Jiangsu, Shandong, Fujian, Zhejiang and Nao-Tung.
The Bay of Guangzhou, Pearl Harbour and other ports, especially the Guangdong Joohua power plant, the Port of Harbour coastal power project is the first high-voltage coastal power demonstration project for the South grid, the first high-voltage coastal power demonstration project for the Senghua Group, and the pec 9000 port power management for the nation's Nanxia.
The first applications of systems and pec 9200 trans-frequency power systems in the Southern grid and in the G-8. 3.5 Benefited from smart grid construction, the electricity information and communication industry will continue to make a difference.
Communications technology transfers data or voice, remote real-time monitoring and processing of information data throughout the grid, making transmission of electricity, operation of the grid more reliable, secure and stable. The industrial convergence trend will profoundly change the information and communication sector of the grid.
In the area of smart grids, the future development of grids with their telecommunication, automation, and intelligentization has been accompanied by an increase in grid complexity, access to renewable energy sources, rapid development of recharge facilities and the realization of interactive power use, and smart grids have placed higher demands on electricity information communication. This requires electricity information communication.
Deeper integration with a range of technologies such as telecommunications, the Internet, big data, etc. The electricity information and communication industry shows four major trends: 1) deep integration of electricity information and logistics networks, big data, cloud computing: due to electricity information
The network will need to collect and monitor data on various types of electrical equipment. By building power grids, the intelligent grid network will be greatly expanded, and information transmission and communication services will be carried out in physical networks such as various types of electrical equipment.
The wide range of applications of big data will effectively expand the platform’s coverage of various types of electrical equipment. Real-time tracking of the performance of various types of equipment, particularly asymmetric equipment, will effectively address the management coordination problems posed by the diversity of equipment. (2) Electricity information communication will be standardized and standardized.
In the area of communications, its communications statutes may differ, be standardized in the future, and planning will lead to greater regional access to electricity and information and significantly increase the efficiency and outreach of electricity information and communication. 3) Sichuan Province, a national network company, has signed a cooperation agreement with Tetsu Corporation for the Internet+Net project
At the same time, the national electricity grid has been working with operators, including China Connect, China Mobile, China Telecommunications, etc., to launch services such as radio copying, equipment monitoring, load management, smart inspection, mobile information management, etc.
In the context of the general trend towards the integration of the three networks in the communications sector, there is a trend towards the integration of electricity and the three networks. (4) In the past, electricity data collection and analysis were concentrated on simple malfunctioning and, with the introduction of large data technologies, could automatically prejudge and warn of malfunctions, thereby resolving them in a timely and expeditious manner.
The company is in a position of absolute leadership in the electricity and communications industry. The company is mainly involved in electricity production, management, operational monitoring, security protection, and the development of software and hardware for related communications, system integration and engineering.
ITC is the backbone of the third laboratory of the National Energy Agency ' s Information Security Level Protection Monitoring and Evaluation Centre. It is the core team that supports the construction of smart electricity information and communication systems and is in the lead domestically in areas such as electricity information security, integrated information and communications regulation.
4. The off-grid performance is expected to continue to improve, with the emerging industry becoming a new engine of performance, 4.1 The international electrician giants growing from the start of electricity to the diversification of their operations, and the development of their trajectory and experience is worth learning.
Some grid automation plates are already leading the country, the world's top three. They are also in the first echelons of ultra-high-pressure straight currents and soft collars, while there is strong market leadership in specific areas of electricity information communication, power generation and hydro-environmental protection, and overseas and engineering packages, but domestic grid investment clearly has its bottlenecks.
So the company planned a lot of new business for the late 13th and fifth years, and it needs to be emphasized that as a company that has a long-standing power grid, it has a unique layout outside the network. Most of the new business that we know is a start-up or a whole new business that is about to be developed.
These include orbital traffic infoization, smart manufacturing such as igbt, epc packages, grid inspection, incremental distribution grids, spot trading platforms for power trading, medium- and long-term futures trading platforms for electricity, energy control, military engineering, etc., the vast majority of which are off-grid industrial layouts.
As the world’s largest multinational provider of technology and services, the world’s most successful and most well-known company, with its diversity of operations, ge was born of Thomas Edie.
Founded in 1878, Edison Lights, the first product to be supplied was the electric light bulb, which, over the course of 100 years, has led to the formation of nine new business groups, business coverage figures, medical care, aviation, electricity generation, renewable energy, oil and gas, energy interconnection, transport, and finance.
If you don't have the first two, the company will consider selling it. Another very successful multinational company, the Siemens Group of Germany, was founded by its founder, Werner von Siemens, from the world's first cable machine to today's nine major business plates: Power and Gas Group, Wind Power,
The Energy Management Group, the Transportation Group, the Digital Industries Group, the Process Industry and Driver Group, the Financial Services Group, the Medical Services Group. Similarly, we have taken into account the development trajectory of two other electric giants around the world, abb and Schneider, which were also started by the electric industry and expanded to the most technological and market-oriented.
In the area of industrial automation, the diversification of the industry was finally completed.
4.2 The company accelerates the deployment of the new industries, focusing on the creation of the igbt smart manufacturing company, which chooses to develop power electronic cogeneration technology vigorously, with a focus on going beyond the igbt technology. The igbt belongs to the electric electronics discipline, but simply the igbt is a switch that drives the switch by voltage.
In the semiconductor power device of the controlled type, and only in conductivity and dissipation, the ratio of electrical and industrial control plates to the main business income in 2016 was about 40%-45%. In the new energy reverse operation, the grid-connection system, direct flow valves, soft communication, etc.
In the field of collusiveness and industrial automation, there has been a massive application of electrical electronics, and part of the development and application of igbt in the field of electrical and electronics. The largest capital expenditure of 1,644 million has been invested in the igbt module industrialization project, in fact.
Industrialization of some of the homogenous technologies that companies have accumulated in the field of electricity and electronics. The vast application of igbt has created huge market demand. This is why companies invest in igbt.
Quantities and power efficiency, of which the most classic applications are in the "twice-train" transformer circuits. As the igbt rises in resistance to voltage, it is increasingly used in industry, orbital transport, new energy generation, electric cars, direct transmission, household appliances, military engineering, communications, etc.
In 2015, the global market for igbt reached US$ 3,559 million, and the Chinese market for igbt reached US$ 9,5 billion, accounting for about 40% of the global market and the world’s largest market for igbt. Domestic igbt markets are largely monopolized by foreign firms.
The share of the diamond electric power market in the first two parts of the market, 24.4% and 24.4% respectively, also reflects Germany’s and Japan’s strong technological and market power in the igbt. China’s Chinese-car age was about 0.6% of the market, not in the top 10 of the list.
The age of cars is still not in the top ten. We have reason to believe that, with Nanxia's solid technique in electric power, Nanxia, represented by Nanxi, will launch a series of high-efficiency, high-valued gbt modules, with the potential to break the foreign monopoly and change the country's competition patterns.
From 2016 to 2020, China ' s igbt market compounded growth rate of 16.1 per cent, based on projections from the global leading advisory body, the market size of our igbt will reach 20 billion in 2020, corresponding to a 16.1 per cent compounded growth rate of 2016 to 2020, and the global market size of igbt will reach $6.5 billion in 2020.
High-speed developments in a number of major industries, such as cars, will effectively support the high-speed growth of igbt. According to statistics, in 2020, domestic firms formed a certain scale of industrial chains. Currently, domestic power semiconductor technologies, including chip design, manufacturing and modular containment, are in the initial stages.
Most of them are based on the design + surrogate model, whereby the design company proposes a chip design scheme, which is produced by a number of integrated circuit companies in the country. In recent years, national policies have strongly supported and promoted the development of the igbt production chain, and the industries in question have developed rapidly, resulting in an idm model and a surrogate model of igbt.
The entire industrial chain, the process of igbt national production, is accelerating and is expected to move away from dependence on imports. 4.3 Charged car posts will fully benefit from the electric trend, and their share is expected to continue to increase.
The overall objective of the Guidance for the Development of Facilities (2015-2020) is to create, by 2020, more than 12,000 new centralized replacements and 480 decentralized chargers to meet the demand for 5 million electric vehicles at that time. As of 2016, the country has about 1 million new energy vehicles, but according to this, the number of new vehicles will be around 1 million.
The annual report on the development of the capacity of the Chinese electric-powered vehicle recharge infrastructure, 2016-2017, prepared jointly by the former National Energy Agency and the China Union for the Promotion of Electric Automobile Recharge Infrastructure, has built about 150,000 recharge posts and a ratio of 6.7 to 1 vehicle. This is well beyond the 1:1 planned by the relevant sectors of the country.
In 2017, the National Energy Agency specified in the Energy Work Guidance Circular 2017 that 900,000 power posts were planned to be completed in 2017; of these, 100,000 were public and 800,000 private. This number was more than 300% higher than the amount held at the end of 2016.
The national grid is the backbone for the construction of public posts. The total number of tenders for the three recharge posts by the national grid company for the whole of 2016 was approximately 1,408 million, and the total number of tenders was 13276, and the national grid had accumulated grids for the year 2016, with 42,000 car posts and 5526 power stations for replacement. The national grid was scheduled to build 29,000 by 2017 at the beginning of the year.
With regard to the construction of the grid, which is of great interest to the market in the coming years, Chairman Shu made it clear at the end of 16th year that, in order to meet the rapid growth of electric vehicles, 10,000 power stations and 120,000 power posts had been built and a radius had been created in cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, Hangzhou and others.
The public fast-loading network does not exceed one kilometre.
The single direct charge poles are measured according to power, and the higher the power is the higher the price. We've counted the unit power price, which in 2016 was 1.5-1.6/w, and in 2017 the unit price dropped to $1.15-1.25/w. With a direct charge of 500 v, 250a, 12.5kw.
With a unit price of about 150,000, the Māori rate is still generally higher than the Extranet charger, especially the exchange pillar, despite the considerable downward pressure. In 2017, the first collection of the National Power grid charged the national electricity grid was about 28 million, or 12.43 per cent, and ranked first, while the national grid was high.
The winning amount was 3.91%, and the winning amount was 16.34% combined. To better reflect the change in the market share of the winning amount in the net in recent years, considering that it is either a straight stream or a exchange block that is essentially based on power and equal to the unit price.
The total size of the market for charging facilities will be $80 billion. In the short term, there is a large gap or misalignment between the number of stumps and the number of electric vehicles, and the slow construction of charging facilities has limited the construction of new energy vehicles to some extent.
But at this point in time, the new energy-car industry will accelerate, and the logic of globalization has been established. With the continuation of relevant policies and a series of investments, such as the national electricity grid, the tenders for power-filling facilities have been stepped up by the camp, our power-loading poles will be rapidly developing.
The market size of the entire charger facility will be 80 billion yuan, with well-established charging facilities. 4.4 Tracks industry is still on track, and industrial controls will focus in the future on developing high-speed growth in company orbital transport operations and on exploring new business models for railing.
The closing business is the core business of the company ' s industrial control plate, and the company is in the leading position in the market in the area of integrated control of the railing. The company ' s industrial control plate generated $867 million in operating revenue in 2016, an increase of 71.83 per cent over the same period.
In recent years, in addition to a major boost in the marketing of niche products, efforts are also being made to strengthen the overall contracting capacity and qualifications of the epc project and to actively explore capital operating models such as bt. The 13th Five-Year Plan supports rapid growth in the industry.
The three-year action plan for the construction of major infrastructure projects, which will focus on the period from 2016 to 2018, provides for the overall deployment of major transport infrastructure projects involving more than 300 orbital transport projects such as railways, roads, waterways, airports, cities, etc. The documents show that new railway miles will be built in the next three years.
The plan is to reach 20,000 kilometres, invest more than $2 trillion, and to invest more than 2,000 yuan in new urban orbital transport. This year’s first quarter, the city’s trajectory was built with more than 700 kilometres of new mileage, an increase of more than three times that of the same year, with an additional investment amounting to $460 billion.
New lines of operation have been built in history, and new types of rail traffic have broken out. In recent years, the country's urban track has been growing faster, and since 2010 the country has maintained an annual growth rate of more than 15 per cent, with metro lines accounting for more than 70 per cent, on average.
With the addition of about 300 kilometres, and with the breakthrough of modern trams and city speeds, as of last year, the country had a total of 412.2 kilometres of speed and modern trams of more than 187.4 km. According to CDRC projections, our rail traffic will continue to grow at a steady pace in the coming years, in 2018.
This year, investment is expected to grow faster than expected. Investment in orbital transport will peak in the coming years. In 2016, the volume of investment in orbital transport completion reached $38,4.7 billion a year, an increase of 4 per cent compared to the previous two years.
A high rate of growth of 34% is slowing down. But, according to the latest market information, in the first quarter of this year, the city will have billions of dollars. Orbital traffic will peak again in the coming years.
The market share in the area of integrated traffic control has stabilized at between 35 and 40 per cent, at the forefront of the industry, with companies each year winning multiple urban orbits in the country, as well as a number of other related surveillance and system-type products. This year, the company track signal system has been developed, technically certified by the relevant sector, and is building up.
In the future, the Ning River ppp master package will give priority to the company’s signal system, which is expected to enable the company to enter the signal market officially and open the space for performance growth. The integrated surveillance and signalling system will be about $18 billion in size each year over the next three years.
In terms of the scale of investment in the construction of China, it is estimated that the scale of investment in information automation systems will reach $112 billion over the next three years, at approximately 7%. In information automation systems, 26.6% of the signal systems and 22.9% of the integrated surveillance systems will total over the next three years.
The performance is expected to increase significantly, with a direct investment of $30 billion in urban orbital traffic signal systems and $25.7 billion in integrated surveillance systems.
Figure 91: The share of the country's information system, which is heavily structured as a “big industrial control” operation, is expected to perform in the future. Companies have high expectations of industrial control operations, and in orbital traffic, companies work in addition to traditional orbital transfer systems.
The intention is to increase the revenue from innovative operations such as the subway information system master package project and the subway maintenance, and in the long run the Division intends to deal with the purely industrial control area of tractor automation. Nanxia has a strong research and development capability in the area of automation of industrial controls, which, when incorporated, will enhance the company’s combined capacity in the field of industrial control outside of rail traffic, plus in recent years.
With the sustained recovery of the traditional industrial industries downstream, we look very much at the corporate industrial strategy of accelerating the expansion of the company abroad, opening up the performance growth ceiling, and continuing the policy of increasing the flow of high-end electrical equipment as one of China's business cards.
In September and October 2013, we introduced strategic ideas for the construction of the “new Silk Road economic belt” and the “Marine Silk Road in the 21st Century” aimed at strengthening economic cooperation with neighbouring countries and regions.
With a large population and a relatively weak infrastructure, infrastructure development is at an accelerated stage. These countries have large electricity investments, with an average annual electricity investment of about 36% of China's total, higher dependence on electrical equipment imports, and large numbers of countries importing electricity equipment.
We have a surplus of electric power and an increase in high-end electrical equipment overseas. Although our electricity demand has slowed down in recent years, the capacity of the new power plant has continued to rise each year, with the same investment being made last year in the fire power project.
Our power generation capacity is already higher than that of any other country. Over the last two years, we have a capacity of about 1 billion kilowatts per year of new power generation, which exceeds that of Canada as a whole. Last year, we lost 20 per cent of the hours spent on fire and electrical equipment at our 6,000 kilowatt power plant and above, compared to 2013.
The use of thermal power generation equipment has decreased significantly. Although some of these new installed capacity in China are natural gas projects, the majority of these are coal-fired power generation projects, which account for more than 90 per cent of the country’s annual installed capacity.
The effective expansion of international operations is key to the continued rapid growth of our electric power and equipment companies. With the restructuring of our economy, our electricity consumption will continue to increase mildly in the future, and the overall demand for electricity investment will be at a relatively low rate.
Growth, however, is somewhat modest compared to the high-speed and even one-time hyper-speed growth of electricity investment over the past two decades. Looking overseas, according to the International Authority Advisory Body on Energy (IAEA), the total amount of global electricity investment over the next decade is $7.2 trillion, of which the countries along the "one-way" have received trillion dollars in investments.
It would be effective to open up domestic performance bottlenecks and achieve rapid and steady growth. So, in our view, would it be possible to effectively export domestic high-end electrical equipment capacity and better expand international operations into a national electric power plant, and so on?
Electrical equipment companies are the key to returning to the glory of the past. New contracts for outsourcing have increased significantly, and according to commercial data, we have completed a business contract of $1,594 million in 2016, a 3.5 per cent increase, a slowdown in the volume of new contracts.
Growth was rapid, with a breakthrough of $244 billion, or 16.2 per cent over the same period, with new contracts for electricity projects increasing by 54 per cent over the same period, and a breakthrough in clean energy construction, such as wind power and solar energy. During the first half of this year, our businesses made new investments in 47 countries in investment cooperation along the “one-way” route.
The total investment was $6.61 billion, an increase of 6 percentage points over the same period. Our enterprises contracted out to the sea to achieve steady growth, the foreign market becoming the focus of our investment, the quality of our works and the marketing of our services network have been able to meet, to some extent, the needs of some of our overseas clients.
In recent years, the country’s major offshore contracting companies have continued to perform well, with the number of electricity companies steadily rising from 8 in 2012 to 15 in 2016 and new in 2016, out of the top 50 companies with new contracts.
With an increase of US$ 61.8 billion in contracts, the power industry has gradually assumed an important role, while the share of new contracts in countries along the “one-way” route and the completion of sales continues to be firmly in the middle of a half-basket. The rapid growth of overseas-backed electricity companies has been backed by the emergence of a large number of projects, such as our own in Russia.
The largest electricity-based energy investment project, the HPV project, has a total capacity of 483 megawatts, with a total investment of about $570 million. South America and South-East Asia are lagging behind in terms of per capita electricity consumption, and there are great prospects for development.
To a certain extent, it reflects the level of economic development and the standard of living of the population in a country or region, with a few developed countries, such as North America, Northern Europe and Australia, exceeding their per capita electricity consumption by as many countries as in 2015. Our per capita electricity consumption is close to the global average, with other emerging market countries.
And the BRICS countries, like South Africa and Brazil, are at similar levels, with relatively backward developing countries with less electricity per capita than 2,000 kilowatts, mainly in South America, Africa and South-East Asia, and the Philippines, with less than 20 per cent of the country ' s electricity per capita in 2015. These countries are at the stage of economic development, with basic power supply.
The national grid’s internationalization strategy is clear, and overseas deployments are already on a scale. To date, the country has invested more than US$ 10 billion abroad, with foreign assets amounting to US$ 40 billion.
Seven countries and territories, the Philippines, Portugal, Australia, and others, have backbone power grids. The power transmission project invested in more countries and regions.
After 25 years of concessions from the Philippine National Electricity Network, the acquisition of concessions has also been one of the main modalities of the National Network’s overseas strategy. In December 2010 and December 2012, the National Network acquired a total of 100% of the shares of the 12 Brazilian electricity concessionaires, directly acquiring them.
In addition to this, the national grid will be involved in bidding overseas, and in July 2015 it won the National Power Network Independence, Brazil ' s beautiful mountain water-high-voltage direct current II project, China ' s first 800-kv-high-voltage direct-flow construction and franchise project, which China has won overseas independence.
To organize tenders for ultra-high-pressure equipment, large domestic power packages, such as China Electricity Technology and Equipment Limited, and large domestic electricity and equipment companies, such as the Nanxi Group, Xu Xu and Ping Gao, will be involved in bidding for packages and installations. The expansion of the international operations of the national electricity grid companies will provide for the domestic electricity and equipment companies to “go out”
Figure 99: The main performance of the national power grid “one way”, overseas, 5.2 direct-flow market space is huge, and soft business is expected to take the lead in creating an advantage of scale.
The Group has strong R & D and productive capacities in the whole industry chain, combined with a portfolio of resources that integrates industries and maximizes overall synergies. Currently, the Group’s core products have cumulatively exported more than 90 countries and territories, with more than 20 international affiliates.
During the year, the Group signed an international operating contract of $3.666 billion, representing an increase of 3.94 per cent over the previous year, generating income from overseas operations of $1,412 million, representing an increase of 93.69 per cent over the same period, and a combined growth rate of 30.27 per cent between 2012 and 2015.
The company’s export performance has been direct transmission, national and ground-team systems, transformer system, transformer station monitoring, svc engineering, grid re-engineering, photovoltaic power plants, etc., but in the future, we think that the most competitive and valuable of all should be the ultra-high-pressure direct flow.
At the beginning of 2016, the South Swe Group successfully developed a 110-kV class of intelligence to transform mobile transformer power plants to win the Ethiopian project, breaking the monopoly of Euro-American companies on the international market for this type of product. In September 2016, Nan Swe succeeded in winning the Brazilian beautiful mountain of 800 kv T for electricity and water.
The release of core equipment, such as second-stage reflux valves, straight-flow control protection systems, and straight-flow measurements, marks a major breakthrough in the "go-out" of core products and key technologies in the area of ultra-high-pressure direct transmissions by Nan Si-Pay and China's electric equipment companies.
There's plenty of room for a direct-flow market overseas. According to the most recent high-voltage direct-transmission system market released by the world's second-largest market research institute, Marketsand Markets, the size of the global high-voltage direct-transmission system is estimated at $6.79 billion in 2016 and is expected to rise to $11,522 billion by 2023.
Europe and Asia and the Pacific (excluding Japan) will become the world’s leading high-voltage direct transmission regional market, especially the fastest growing Asia-Pacific region. Globally, high-voltage straight markets continue to be dominated by abb, Siemens, Alstone, and Toshiba, which together have a larger market share than the rest of the world.
As a member of the Board of Directors of the ire (International Electricity Research Exchange) and the core group of ieere-tissia (Technical Issues and Solutions - Asia Region), Nanxie, participating in all iec (International Electrotechnical Commission) international standard-setting related to flexible straight-flow technologies,
The company’s participation in the development of international standards for flexible direct-flow international standards will greatly contribute to future business expansion in the field of global soft-flowing direct-flow operations.
Figure 102: Global Hvdc market capacity projected from 2016 to 2023
Energy access, enhanced power grid interconnection, and greater flexibility in the big grids are important tools. New energy sources and access to the normal grids can enter a large amount of grid harmonic waves, disrupting the grid balance, soft transmissions with their flexible, manageable, easily organized grids, unmodified voltage, power supply to non-power sources, etc., especially suitable for new energy.
The share of new energy sources in Europe is much higher than the global average, combined with the large number of islands, and these features are very conducive to flexible direct transmission applications. We expect Europe to be the most straightforward application in the next decade.
China’s flexible direct-flow development has been advanced at an early stage in the world. The country’s power grid is now the third in the world to have a soft-line set of research and development and engineering equipment after abb and Siemens.
Enterprises with capacity to implement. Currently, the flexible direct transmission project has a number of applications in the country, such as a demonstration project for 200 kV direct transmission technology, 320 kV direct transmission technology, a demonstration project for electrical technology, and a project for a back-to-back asymptomatic networking (with 350 kV) on the Yunnan Rusi back.
It is worth mentioning that in the second half of this year, the South Net Udongdes 800 project is about to launch initial preparations for tendering and construction, which is a soft project for the highest voltage level ever worldwide. The Nanry Group has a strong technical capacity, and a large number of large-capacity projects.
Pry is a leading country in terms of technology, with two soft, straight-train projects, one at the end of the mountain and the other at the door. The National Power Network announced on June 13 this year that a joint working group of the Global Energy Internet Research Institute and the Nanxie Group, the United Kingdom, had a bid for a switch in direct transmission of electricity from Gatland.
This time, China’s joint working group pushed Siemens and Alston to take over the country’s first soft technology overseas project, demonstrating the country’s international competitiveness in high-end transmission technology. At this stage, the Division is actively following up on new energy access projects in European countries, taking advantage of strong technological capabilities.
To Britain’s first overseas soft performance, we believe that SMS is expected to take the lead in creating an advantage of scale. Figure 107: Summary of large-scale, flexible direct-flow engineering for recent global construction and planning, profit forecasting and investment proposals
1) 10% increase in electricity network investment in the first half of 2016 compared to the year in question. Since investment in the grid until 2016 is concentrated on one piece of equipment, future network automation will be the focus of investment in the grid, with the main feeder station and the feeder terminal tender in the first half of the year exceeding the bid in the previous year
This is also evidence of our assessment of the atmosphere of network automation, which we expect to continue over the next three years, against the backdrop of the East-West electricity imbalance in our country, and of the fact that in recent years the north-west region has been left out of light, and we believe that direct-flow high-pressure approvals and start-ups suitable for long-distance transmission will continue.
In the next three years, we are expected to maintain three or so direct-flow lines (direct-flow high pressure + soft) for tender. 4) The company ' s track traffic revenues increased significantly in 2016, with steady increases due to the gradual entry of the Ning and ppp projects into large-scale revenue recognition periods plus rail transport investments.
The number of kilometres of road transport is twice as high as the same, and the country's planned investment in urban orbital transport for 17-19 is 1.6 trillion. The company's orbital signal system is about to enter the market. The Ning and ppp projects will also continue to recognize revenues. We expect that, with a significant increase in orbital transport revenues, the industrial control plate company will be able to take the lead.
Continue to maintain more than 30 per cent of the compound growth, without taking into account projections of the profitability of asset restructuring: The company has completed the asset assessment of the subject matter of this major asset restructuring and has prepared a transaction report at this stage
The financial statements forecast only the performance of listed companies, based on the principle of prudence, taking into account the approval process of state enterprises and entities at all levels of the CVM, the timing of the overall and tabular nature of the bid, and taking into account the profitability projections of asset restructuring:
The company's traditional business refers to mature business that Nanxie has already done, while the new business refers to new business that is mostly start-ups or new ones that are about to develop. Please refer to p.38 for a description of the emerging business paradigm, considering the very small share of the start-up business income, which is about zero in 2016.
1) After the merger reorganization is completed, the company has full grid coverage and is at the top of or ahead of the market in all fields. We have selected four major power-equipment champions around the world.
Four companies have concentrated their valuations between 14 and 17 times, with their post-reorganization valuation levels and comparable levels. We have carefully analysed the income and net profits of four companies over the past few years, which have been at a low rate of about 5 per cent, and have increased their composite performance significantly faster than four companies this year and over the next three years, so the valuation level is relatively low.
2) The fact that the company is a leading company in the field of grid automation, and that its valuation has remained between 23 and 30 times as high as that of a domestic equipment company, shows that the market recognizes the performance and managerial capacity of such an automated leader, and that there is also a certain assessment of the second lead in equipment in the electricity sector.
In consideration of the impact of restructuring, the company ' s compound growth rate between 2017 and 2020 is around 20%, and figure 111: The history of the state, peband 3), as a leading electric power company, will significantly expand off-grid and overseas markets and will continue to expand its power supply.
Some breakthroughs have been made in a number of areas, such as orbital traffic signal systems, ultra-high-voltage currents, and soft power transmissions. The future compound growth in corporate performance will return to a faster rate of 20%, combined overseas power and equipment, less than expected investment in the grid, less progress in asset restructuring, and less progress in corporate overseas operations.
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.