Momentum carrier infusion of assets: M & A new business opening new frontiers
The assets that the company is about to acquire will be put on the market as a whole, not only to consolidate its business and enhance its market outreach abroad, but also to create a more complete smart grid for companies in the fields of relay protection, soft transmission, electricity information and communication.
Based on the financial data for 2016, the size of the target assets and the profitability of a country, the completion of the asset injections will significantly enhance the company’s business structure and profitability. The three companies, Pry Engineering and Prytech, are strongly united to form a flexible transmission facility.
The South Sino-Swiss Group has developed international marketing networks across Asia, Africa, Europe, the Americas, and extensive overseas engineering contracting experience to protect companies from the “one-way” battle of overseas markets.
□ Stable growth in the previous business, significant increase in network automation coverage over the next four years, company capacity in the area of automation, asset injection into enhanced grid automation operations, secure future growth; 13th Five-Year Energy Conservation and Environmental Production
When business development is justified, companies have adequate energy-efficient remodelling and power-filling stake construction orders; industrial controls benefit from the growth of railway electrification and urban orbital transport construction.
The company intends to raise some of the funds for the igbt module industrialization project. Once built, the company will have access to the supply of essential technologies for the core semiconductor, including flexible direct transmissions, static power generators, wind transformers, photovoltaic reverse transformers, etc., which are expected to boost in the future.
We expect the company to make a net profit in 2017-2019, regardless of the infusion of assets.
. The target is a market surplus, a market net rate that is lower than the industry’s average, and the injection will result in an increase in value. Reorganization of assets, failure or slow pace of fund-raising projects; electricity grid construction and retrofitting are not as fast as expected.
Haaanresearch History: Mergers and acquisitions have evolved into four business systems
Founded on 28 February 2001, and sponsored by Nanjing Nanxie Group Inc., the company first issued a stock to the public in September 2003 and was listed as the first company to be listed in the national grid system in October.
Automation, conversion station automation, fire power plants and industrial control automation, building on the ongoing consolidation of equity holdings and physical control of human assets, building on existing operational strengths, gradually developing automated operations covering the entire grid, power generation and new energy operations, energy conservation and environmental operations, and industrial control operations.
Chart 1 shows the history of the country, with 63 per cent of the shares in the Nanking China Protection and Control System Ltd. held by the Nanxi Group, which is a major player in the field of orbital traffic automation.
Acquisition of agro-electric automation (and related liabilities) assets owned by the Group; acquisition of assets (including liabilities) related to rural and urban grid automation, electrical control and package processing operations of the Group
• New technology for the protection of medium- and low-voltage relays, magnetic power systems and wind control, and provision of equipment processing, service packages • competitive purchase of the Ensign remote grid technology for sale by the National Institute of Electricity Sciences of the Indirect Shareholder State Network at the Shanghai Joint Property Exchange, with limited responsibility for 100 per cent of the company's shareholding and 100 per cent of the company's shareholding in the Antxon Electric and Electronics Company Ltd.
• Addressing inter-operative competition for power conversion and power metrology, creating an advantage with companies in connection with grid automation and electricity automation operations — acquiring the corporate assets and liabilities of the Group's Beijing sub-branch of Kodong, China Power, China Power, China Power, South Swe Solar and Stabilization, • resolving inter-operative competition for movement control and power distribution automation, enhancing corporate grid automation, overall power plant resolution capabilities, new energy generation
Chart 2 makes up the company's business, which responds to the call of the state, and helps the group to be listed as a whole.
The National Network is the only funder of the Nanse Group, the National Network is the only funder of the National Network Institute, and the State Finance Committee of the State Council is the representative of the State Corporation's funder and the actual controller of the company. The National Networked Electricity Academy, formerly the National Automation Institute, is the “National Power Automation” established by the Ministry of Science and Technology.
The National Engineering Research Centre for Automation of Electrical Systems - System Control and Economic Transport, established by the National Development and Reform Commission, is the largest and most technologically skilled electrical unit in China's industry.
In the area of products, the Nanwe Group provides a number of holistic solutions in the industrial areas of high voltage, smart power grids, municipal utilities, industrial control, energy conservation and environmental conservation, and thousands of technological solutions; in the market, it covers all parts of the country and exports more than 90 countries and territories.
(b) The results of a number of R & D manufacturing by the Technology Group represent the highest level of technology in the country and are internationally advanced in research and applications for high-technology technologies such as grid control, automation control, hyper/high-pressure intersection/direct transmission, soft sex/direct transmission, new energy access, etc., especially safety and stability control of the major grids, relay protection, etc.
The power grid is in the lead internationally. The country’s only listed platform, under the Nanxie Group, has since the market been given or purchased part of its operations and assets, with such a strong shareholder background, which determines that the company will take over the group.
In response to the reform of State enterprises, since the issuance of the Decision of the Plenary of the XVIIIrd Session on the Key Issues of Comprehensive and Deepening Reform, the State Enterprise has been working on a number of issues.
The reform process is moving forward, typified, reassembly, overall listing, securitization of assets, and state-owned capital investment companies are the main instruments. In response to changes in national policy, the National CyberCoopers and the Nanse Group are going to inject their core business assets into companies to achieve overall listing and mixed ownership reforms.
• Addressing peer competition issues. In 2013, when the company purchased the assets and assets of the Nanry Group, such as the Beijing Cordon Company, the NHS and the Nanry Group committed to deal with the safety of the power grid in three years.
In keeping with its commitments, the company closed down at the end of 2016 to launch a major asset restructuring process, leaving the entire market open.
Profitability: Industry-affected earnings have declined but remain at the forefront of the industry, power-based grid automation and energy efficiency have increased competition in the industry as two grids of electricity equipment and services are procured in the form of a single tender, and the prices of products and services have been declining, leading to a downward trend in corporate Māori and net asset yields.
However, by comparing data from major listed companies in the grid automation sector, the country’s profitability remains at the forefront of the industry. With specific reference to the business sectors, companies account for more than 60 per cent of their revenues from grid automation, gross power, and energy-efficient and environmentally friendly operations increased from 5.61 per cent in 2013 to 12.59 per cent in gross terms.
Interest rates remained at over 20 per cent; the rate of Māori, although variable, was lower overall as a result of a decline in the share of electricity in the society as a whole into a low-growth camp.
The net acquisition of assets has increased significantly, making roe (weighted) more likely than Māori: overall, energy-efficient and environmentally friendly is still growing.
Environmentally friendly growth has been sustained at a high rate, with industrial controls benefiting from the high-profile performance in the field of orbital transport in 2016, with electricity network automation largely maintaining steady growth and power generation and new energy operations showing negative growth.
The assets that the company is about to acquire will be put on the market as a whole by the National Networking Institute and the Nanse Group. The company's proposed asset injection plan will not only consolidate the company's pre-existing technology and market position in the area of grid automation and energy conservation and environmental conservation, enhance the outreach capacity of the overseas market, but also provide additional relay protection for the company, soft transmission, electricity.
After completion, the listed companies are positioned as grid automation and industrial control, power and information communication, relay protection and flexible transmission, power generation and hydro-environmental protection, overseas and engineering packages.
The net profit from ultra-high voltage is even higher than that of the company.
The operation of the jumper order is selectively removed and the corresponding signal is sent, which, when faults or abnormally dissipated, is quickly fed into the circuit breaker, restores the system to its normal operation, is part of the electrical secondary circuit, and is part of the grid automation. Electricity protection control and smart power equipment are largely dependent on technical capabilities, research, etc.
Capability, high level of service technology, higher profitability, high technical threshold in industry, followed by maintenance of electrical power, both in terms of technical power and market ownership, both domestically and internationally, and its ultra-high voltage electrical relay and control products are widely applied to the country's grid backbone, tri-Gorge transmission, “West-to-East” transmission, etc.
National priorities, such as the Beijing Olympics and the Shanghai Expo, are also being sold to more than 80 countries and regions around the world. The acquisition of electrical relays has improved the company’s grid automation industrial chain, particularly high-voltage relay protection and automatic devices, and the critical technological equipment that is essential for the country’s energy security and the safe and stable operation of the grid.
Soft transmission: the three swords dominate the market, the environmental and energy crises, and the construction of the global Internet to allow renewable energy sources such as solar energy, wind power, etc.
The share of energy consumption is increasing. The dispersion of renewable energy sources and their distance from load centres make their needs move far away, but because of their instability, the grid does not allow all renewable energy generators to be connected to the grid, which leads to a massive dumping of wind and light. Soft transmission can solve these problems.
The combination of dispatch and automation technologies provides a basic safeguard for the development and use of renewable energy sources and distributed power sources. “Flexible” means the application of advanced electronic power technologies to provide a flexible control of the grid.
Remote power supply, maritime power supply, improved power quality of distribution grids, construction of multiple-end straight/direct-flow grids, remote areas of application for flexible transmission of electricity in chart 14
So, driven by the construction of a global energy Internet, flexible transmission is an important mode of transmission and development after super-high pressure, super-high pressure. As technology and economics are yet to be further improved, it is not fully accessible domestically or globally, and is still in the process of research and improvement.
During the period when transmission technology is imported, the country takes the lead, actively deploys research and development in the field of flexible transmission, has already implemented multiple flexible transmission demonstration projects, is being implemented or is being built, is being rapidly implemented and explored in a number of research directions, such as large capacity, multiple ends, bipolars, back-to-back, and has gained international leadership in a number of related areas and is gradually being developed.
As technology matures and costs decrease, flexible transmissions are expected to spread from demonstration projects. The power development 13th Five-Year Plan provides for the construction of super-high voltage transmissions and conventional transmission technologies.
Electricity corridors, with an additional size of 130 million kilowatts, amounting to about 270 million kilowatts, or an overall increase of more than 90%. According to the estimates of Liu Zhenya, the former President of the National Network, in his post entitled " Building the Global Energy Internet for a Clean Green Development of Energy " , the country ' s annual investment in clean energy and related electricity grids is expected to reach $820 billion in 2016-2030.
With the accumulated technology and experience, my country is expected to take advantage of the wave of the global energy Internet to fight overseas markets. The company’s current restructuring has resulted in the infusion of all “protective and flexible transmission” operations of the Nanxi Group, mainly related to relay electrical, Prey Engineering, and Prey Technologies, and its R & D manufacturing represents the largest technology in the country.
High-level, and even high-level, state-run solutions, ranging from flexible one-time transmission equipment (reveals) to secondary ready (control of protection, monitoring, measuring systems).
Engineering is mainly for the production and sale of equipment for direct transmission and flexible direct transmission systems, and Preytech is mainly for flexible transmission technology applications. The three companies will be strongly united in technology and marketing markets for soft transmission.
According to the tender for flexible transmission equipment published by the national and southern grids, the largest share of the Quest Reflux valves is in the area of the Quest Reciprocal Valves, followed by the Central Te Puri Project and the Nan Swe Project, and the company will have 49 per cent of the market for the gbt reflux valves if the reorganization is completed.
The M & As will also assist companies in their hegemonic lands in the field of direct-flow control, protection and unification of tide controllers.
The total investment needed to address climate change will reach US$ 26 trillion a year (US$ 1.7 trillion a year), of which US$ 14.7 trillion will be invested in electricity. That is, the average annual investment in infrastructure in Asia and the Pacific over the next 15 years will be US$ 1.7 trillion, nearly double the current capital investment of US$ 880 billion a year; and nearly US$ 1 trillion a year will be invested in electricity.
Compared to our average annual electricity capital investment of 770 billion yuan between 2008 and 2016, this has increased by nearly eight times the market space. And, under the global energy Internet, a “1+5” network pattern consisting of six major power grids in China, North-East Asia, South-East Asia, Central Asia, and West Asia has been developed, complemented by a “one-way” initiative.
With its own core technology and products involved in power grid dispatch, power conversion plant automation, distribution automation, photovoltaics, and energy-efficient and environmentally friendly epc projects in too many countries, international market operations have been steadily moving forward. And the controlling shareholders of the Swe Group have formed into Asia-Thailand, Philippines, Africa-Kenya, Esero.
Biya, Europe, with Turkey, Ukraine, and the Americas, with Brazil and Costa Rica at its centre, is gradually developing an international marketing network of radiation to neighbouring countries and regions. In more than 20 countries, including Brazil, Indonesia, the United States, India, Nigeria, Thailand, the Philippines, Turkey, etc., subsidiaries and offices have been established to provide advanced technology, high-quality products and services.
This injection of Nanxi Group assets will undoubtedly strengthen the company, adding new business capabilities for company relay protection, flexible transmission of electricity to the battleship 1 , relay electrical security, Preytech, Prey Engineering. Our winning bid was the first international soft direct transmission project – the British project.
(b) The firm’s capacity for engineering advice is enhanced by Nanse-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Ni-Si-Si-Si-Ni-Si-Si-Ni-Si-Si-Si-Ni-Si-Si-Si-Si-Ni-Si-Si-Si-Si-Ni-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-
(b) The injections by Brazilian and Indonesian companies would allow companies to gain a better share of international engineering experience, while Brazil and Indonesia were important entry points for gradual radiation in South America and South-East Asia.
Capacity developed overseas as a global advance.3 The former operations have grown steadily and the network automation has grown steadily
Our electricity investment has reached a peak in grid-building, after a massive build-up of power sources, in which grid-building became a priority area during the 13th Five-Year Plan of Action for the Reconstruction of the Distribution Network (2015-2020), during which cumulative investment was not less than $1.7 trillion, with automatic distribution coverage.
Based on data from the national network, by the end of 2016, in the area covered by the national network, municipal grid distribution coverage was 38.26 per cent of the coverage, which was planned to be 50 per cent nationwide by 2017 and would need to be upgraded to one of the main computer-based technologies, data transmission, control technology, modern equipment and management.
The integrated information management system, which aims to improve the reliability of electricity, improve the quality of electricity, provide high-quality services to users, reduce operating costs, and reduce the labour intensity of operators, is integrated.
In the context of the national network's network automation campaign over the past two years, there has been a slight decline in the number of end-dtu calls for distribution terminals, a marked increase in the ftu of feed-line terminals, a year-on-year rise in tenders for the main station system from 2015 to 2017, and an overall increase in the rate of electrical automation of the national network.
In terms of the winning position of the National Network Automation Terminal and Main Station System tender projects, the South Swe Group has the highest number of winnings, reflecting the important position of the Group in the market, particularly in the main station system, which far outnumbers other competitors.
Figure 27: National Net dtu in 2016. Figure 26: National Net ftu in 2016.
The company, as a major subsidiary of the Nanxi Group, has inherited the technology and market advantages of the National Network, the Academy and the Group in terms of automation, while taking advantage of the Beijing Coton under the banner of the Acquisition Group.