National gold foliage irities (600406.sh)
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average. Upon the completion of the reorganization, five business panels will be formed to achieve the status of the flagship power grid.
As a result, the company will form five major business panels, which will essentially achieve full coverage in the grid area, and will have historically high levels of market competitiveness, influence, and competitiveness in all sectors. Automation of the grid, secure and stable control of the grid, and information communication on the grid will be on the rise.
Half-yearly, the number of network automation terminals and main station tenders increased by 83.8% and 81.2%, respectively, over the last year, and the network automation will maintain high-winding cycles throughout 2017 and in the coming years. At the same time, the need for grid security, stability, and telecommunication will also significantly boost grid security and grid control.
Innovative models such as trajectories and epc are expected to continue to increase corporate track performance. The trajectories industry will gradually sink from first-line cities to second- and third-line cities, while expanding from coastal cities to inland cities.
At this stage, the company is actively preparing for the transmission signal system, and the product itself has market-based applications in the transhipment segment of the market. At the same time, the company is making significant efforts to strengthen the capacity and capital of the epc engineering masters.
High-speed growth is expected from both overseas operations and emerging ones. Brazil’s beautiful mountain top-stressed straight currents project and the UK's Heidelance project have come out of the country to mark the recognition of direct-flow technology in the international market.
In the overall low base, the growth of overseas and emerging businesses is expected. Equity incentives and innovation in a range of institutional reforms will create the ability to market companies.
Under top-level policy design, and with strong support from the national grid, we judge that there is a great possibility that the equity incentive scheme will eventually be implemented when the company's assets are restructured. With equity incentives and new institutional mechanisms, the dynamism and market capacity of the company will be fully mobilized, and it will be more conducive for the company to move out of the network and overseas.
Market expansion has contributed to the build-up of performance; electricity grid investments have fallen short of expectations, asset restructuring has fallen short of expectations, and companies have not been operating abroad as expected. (8621) 60935389
Once the company's reorganization has been completed, it will form five major business blocks, and when it has been restructured, the company's grid operations will now be fully covered with electricity, super-high pressure to low pressure, and one-to-two full-scale coverage, and will have been transformed into simple sales to innovative models such as system solutions, epc, and ppp. When the restructuring has been completed, the company will not have any.
In terms of the breadth of business, or the market competitiveness of business, the future segment of the industry, such as network automation, grid security and stability control, network information and communication, will show a remarkable increase, while corporate communications will continue to grow steadily, and partly driven by policy.
Extra-system and overseas industries, represented by orbital transport and flexible direct transmission projects, are expected to maintain high growth and become new engines of corporate performance. At this point, mixed ownership reforms, such as corporate equity incentives, are expected to be strong, whether long-term growth in performance or public equity, should equity incentives be implemented.
The Division’s market competitiveness will be greatly facilitated. Here, we focus on the eight main issues of interest to the market, in the basic sense of the company, in the hope that they will help your investment. The eight questions are as follows:
What are the very clear points of rapid growth in the grid area, in addition to network automation?
4. Will future changes in the corporate organizational structure be conducive to bidding.5 What is the market growth in off-system operations (emerging) and overseas operations?6 Will there be major breakthroughs in orbital transport operations?
Can institutional reforms, such as corporate equity incentives, mix-up, be advanced? 1, How is the network automation climate going? It's going to be good, and it's going to be better. We've had more since the first half of this year.
The logic of investment in electrical equipment, “grid investment is more efficient, grid investment is better”, was put forward, and we firmly believe that $2 trillion in grid investment is achievable, with one network investment in the first two years, larger investments, and two equipment investments stagnating, but future automation, intelligence, and informatization are certain.
It's the direction of our grid development, so we firmly believe that network automation and informatization will be the top priority for a new round of network investment. For Neptune, 2017 must be a big cut-off year. In the first half of the year, Nanse was ranked first among the top 10% of the total winnings in the lower-value end-products.
In addition, Nanse has already won more than 50% of the 29 main stations with a value of 10 million grades (15 in Nanjing, 13 in Beijing, 6 in Nanwe, and 2 in China). The main platform has always had high technical barriers, high security stability requirements, and competition patterns are different.
It is often clear that there are very few companies eligible to participate, and Nanse has always had the highest share. In order to provide a more concise picture of the problem of sustainability, we can refer to our indicator of automatic coverage of the network, which was only 20 per cent in 2014 and 90 per cent in 2020, so the network is still being built.
Long, grid automation is clearly a large weather cycle.2 What are the very clear points of rapid growth in the grid area, in addition to grid automation? 2.1 A neglected growth point - grid security stabilization control
Power grid stabilization is a large grid concept, occupying stable and secure high-rises of the grid, mastering power grid stabilization techniques and market applications for many products downstream, which currently account for 30% of the country's electricity supply, the Quadripartite, and the Nanwe system each. The technology is based on the main station platform.
The development will require the deployment of a large number of grids to run currents and dispatch data. Automation, automation, distribution and electrical automation are all part of the concept of smart grids, which will become increasingly complex in the future as intelligent grids are built.
With the same interest in the company’s development, the normal grid’s stable control cycle will be 5-10 years, and successive product shifts will further expand the market space. 2.2 ICST will continue to benefit from the high profile of the network’s information and communication industry.
We believe that the trend towards industrial integration will profoundly change the electricity grid information and communication industry, which is being widely used in the field of smart grids, and that the future will be accompanied by the development of grids that can communicate, automate, intelligently, and with their complexity, access to renewable energy, rapid development of recharge facilities, and
The use of electricity is interactive, and smart grids impose higher demands on electricity information communication. This requires more in-depth integration of electricity, information and communication with a range of technologies, such as telecommunications, the Internet, big data, etc.
The core team of smart electricity information and communication systems is in the lead domestically in areas such as electricity information security, integrated information and communication regulation, and will continue to benefit from the industry’s high profile.3 Can electricity conversion automation and movement control automation achieve steady growth?
3.1 District Integrated Movement Control and a new generation of Movement Support Systems to automate the transmission power. National grid headquarters have two dispatch platforms, one for Nanry and one for Coton. National grid movement platform projects are large and require an iterative phase and upgrade. Some modules of the future national network movement control platform will continue to be implemented
The country’s share of the market in Net Province is over 70%, but the same is not as much of the new demand at the Net Province level. The country’s network used to operate a national, network, provincial, location, and district-to-district five-level system, and the national grid-to-move system was moved from the original five-level system.
The transition to a three-tier movement control system (i.e., national, provincial and district integrated movement control) has led to the creation of local and subdistrict integrated movement centre construction needs, with more than 300 local and subdistrict integrated movement control centres planned in China at this stage, approximately one third of the completed local and subdistrict integrated movement control centres and 200 of the remaining movements over the next two years
In addition to the fact that the Centre will support the continued growth of the company’s dispatch system, the needs of the integrated local and subdistrict dispatch centres will most likely be concentrated over the next two years, new computer technologies, such as cloud computing, big data, etc., have greatly increased the number of rows in recent years.
The efficiency of the industry and the development of a new generation of movement control technology support systems (including cloud computing, with headquarters and branch platforms) are also under way. The initial version is expected to be available in the second half of next year, when national exchanges, divisions, and provincial companies will launch a pilot, with a number of suppliers with a high profile in the pilot at a later stage of their overall participation.
In 2015, the national grid began to promote smart transformers, especially 110kv and above.
The year 2015 is a year of power conversion automation. As a result of the high bid point of the previous year, there was a certain drop in the overall power conversion automated bidding in 2016, with four tenders currently in progress as of 2017, the first four (six tenders per year) being very objective, plus the fifth and sixth.
The number of tenders for CPS products in 2017 is likely to be close to the 2015 high point, significantly exceeding market expectations. In 2017, both SRS and NGS received a higher share of CPS and CMS products, so the conversion automation business will continue to grow significantly over the past year.
In the future, along with the massive construction of the grid, the need for network automation and the need for network automation to be better integrated technologically, and the technology for power conversion will have to keep pace. In addition, there is still some technological integration in the market with network automation and the need to upgrade the power conversion programme.
Figure 4: Bids for the conversion station computer monitoring system, 2014-2017, and whether changes in the company ' s future organizational structure are favourable to bids? Companies must have taken full account of asset restructuring and subsequent organizational restructuring prior to M&As
The resulting changes in bidding rules have had an impact on company operations, especially grid automation. We judge that the major capital of this reorganization is appearing in the new country's system as a subsidiary, because such adjustments allow affiliates to continue to participate independently in the bidding process in the regions, without affecting their pre-Nanwe Group share.
There are also branches of electricity grids, stabilization, electricity use, transformation companies, agricultural distribution companies, etc., followed by the potential for separate financial accounting by subsidiaries during the integration process, with full market growth in organizing, operating and 5 off-system operations (emerging) and overseas operations?
In essence, for all the NCN-affiliated enterprises, the NCN headquarters at the beginning of the year set various performance indicators, which include both off-system and overseas performance appraisals, while the out-of-system and overseas performance indicators are assigned to subsidiaries, sub-companys, so it's not just done.
A specific figure, even the share of this number within the system, out of the system, and overseas, will be critically tested. In the past 2016, the share of Nanxia overseas operations was about 8%, or about $2.26 billion, and we're judging that the share of overseas operations in the future will continue to rise.
For the future, companies will certainly continue to actively expand their foreign and offline operations. Overseas operations: we still believe that direct transmissions (including dildo) are likely to be the first to gain general recognition in international markets.
In the past, we've been working together. Surrey has been recognized by the United Kingdom as a technological leader and professional firm, and the future as a leading domestic company in direct-flow technology (high pressure and softness) will have vast development space abroad.
Markets are expected to increase to $115.2 billion by 2023, a market size that can be described as an emerging business: part of the new business is non-traditional within the electricity system, and part of the new business is entirely out of the system. In general, most of the new business is new or even new.
These include orbital traffic signal systems and informatization, smart manufacturing such as igbt, epc packages, electrical network operation and overhaul of automated monitoring platforms, incremental distribution networks, power trade spot trading platforms, power medium- and long-term futures delivery trading platforms, energy control, war craft transformers, etc.
1. Since the beginning of this year, we have made progress in the area of electricity transformation, and the National Development and Reform Commission and the Energy Agency have recently established that by the end of 2018, a pilot operation of the electricity spot market will have been launched, and that the power spot trading (pre-existing, intra-day, real-time) and future financial derivatives trading will have provided a significant boost to the power spot delivery.
Developments in the market for trade platforms for easy and futures. The company’s subsidiaries in Beijing (principally positioning futures trading platforms) and the power grid branch (primarily positioning as spot trading platforms) have very high shares in the market for power trading platforms, and will benefit fully from the market’s concentration outbreak in the future.
2) In addition, the energy-saving subsectors of the Nanxi Group have not yet been integrated, so the company is still based on the sale of energy-saving equipment, and if the energy-saving sub-sector is successfully integrated, it can share a high future.
Is there a major breakthrough in orbital transport operations? At this stage of the country’s orbital traffic is at a very rapid stage, and we believe that future orbital investments will be made in the future.
The construction of these cities will strongly support the rapid growth of our investment in orbital transport. The company is now actively applying for licences for the relevant sectors of the signal system, and the product itself has been partially segmented into the market.
With marketable applications, companies will soon be able to enter the market with stronger business partnerships in the industry as long as they have track signal system performance. After all, the company is on track, the industry has been working for many years and has gained over 40% of the surveillance system.
Try some metro informatization and metro-wire operations, which in general are software-biased operations, and there's certainly a lot to be done in a company's on-orbit transaction, both from the point of view of the consistency of technology development and customer consistency.
In terms of the scale of our investment in urban orbital transport construction, information engineering is about 7% for the future, and in information automation systems 26.6% for signal systems and 22.9% for integrated surveillance systems.
For the time being, without considering the signal system, is it possible to move forward with the reform of institutional mechanisms such as 30% of the integrated monitoring system, corporate equity incentives, and transformation? On 9 August, the President of the National Network extended his research and guidance to the Nanxi Group, highlighting: 1)
Reorganization has been used to increase innovation in institutional reform; 2) market opportunities have been seized to strengthen the position of the market in the system, while at the same time increasing the strength of the market outside the system 3) institutional innovation in the introduction of talent, full-fledged and full-fledged incentives 4) NCN companies will be able to deliver on the performance of listed companies, pilot employee equity incentives, heavy
We offer our full support in terms of qualifications, leading declarations of major science and technology projects, etc.) and present the best idea of the SNSG to achieve a market value of “two hundred billion” over three years. Our interpretation of Shu's speech is as follows: 1) Nan Swe is more marketable and is able to buy through this merger.
The South Swe Group can absorb the experience of following electrical marketing, while at the same time transforming the institutional culture into a technology-based listing company. 2) Support the development of new off-grid operations such as railing, industrial controls, smart manufacturing, etc., of the South Swe Group. 3) 4) makes explicit reference to talent such as the implementation of employee equity incentives by the national electricity grid for companies.
The strong support of the incentive mechanism, if implemented, would greatly facilitate both long-term growth in performance and market sentiment. 4) The network will continue to provide strong support in the follow-up bidding process, which will guarantee faster growth in company performance in the future.) The "two trillion" signifies the country.
The Network has placed very high expectations on the development of the South Swe Group, while showing that the country’s network created “abb” in China, so whether it is a national transformation, a radical shift, or strong support within the country’s network, we judge that there is a great possibility that the equity incentive scheme will eventually be implemented once the reorganization of the company’s assets is completed.
What about the company’s recent performance in the context of restructuring, without taking into account the 24% increase in the net profits of listed companies in the six-month period in comparison with the year in which they were restructured, is that the performance of the six-yearly reports is still slightly higher than our judgement in general than expected for listed companies throughout the year.
1.65 times the Division's share of the net profit per quarter of the M & A assets is comparable to that of the listed companies, and we can draw the preliminary conclusion that the net profit on M & As assets should increase at a much faster rate than 24 per cent ... to indicate that the performance of M & A assets 2017h1 also continued the high rate of net profit growth of 34 per cent throughout 2016.
On the basis of good performance in the first half of the year, we predict that companies in 2017 are considering merging their net investment in the grid, that the consolidation of assets has not progressed as expected, and that the company's overseas operations have not progressed as well as the related report rating ratio analysis in the market.
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.