2021: Unrepresentative loss of q4
Research assistant o4, with increasing losses, continued the trend of strong industry, in 2021, single o4, with total corporate income of $18.6 billion, equal to 30%, net profit to mother - $500 million, same to--
Corporate o4 cost-end fluctuations result in losses, mainly through increased channels and R & D inputs, and higher prices for raw materials and shipping. Overall, companies have a greater impact on the profit margin of q4 by increasing their own initiative, and there is still greater control over the cost end, which we consider to be unrepresentative.
It achieved a total of $41.8 billion, compared to +11 per cent, which is about 4.63 per cent more than a year-round increase in the excavator industry, breaking 100,000 globally first in two years in a row; (2) concrete machinery: achieving $26.7 billion, compared to 1 per cent, which is robust in the context of the pressure of the plot and maintains a global first brand; and (3) heavy machinery: achieving $21.9 billion.
The same ratio + 13% is higher than the industry’s increase in sales by -9%, and the share of the medium-sized and large-scale mounted cranes rises to 40% to a steady top. The Division’s main products are growing faster than the industry, and the industry’s strong will continue.
On the other hand, there are initiatives to increase the number of agents involved in digital research and development. In 2021, the net operating cash flow was $11.9 billion, equivalent to 11 per cent, with an annual rate of overdues of less than 1 per cent, a return rate of 96.01 per cent, equivalent to +2.99 pct, and a single quarter of 21q4, Trinity Work (600031): three-quarter reviews in 2021:
High R & D plus electricization, digitization, industry concentration or further upgrading
Development of new products, 34 electrical products completed throughout the year, 20 electrical products listed on the market, including 4 pure electric mixes, looking at the prospects for digitalization, electrical development, 4 purely electric self-dismantling vehicles, 4 electric excavators, etc., covering pure electricity, power switching, hydrogen fuel, 3 major technical circuits, etc.
Lines. In 2021, tri-heavy engineering vehicles were sold for nearly $1 billion, electric engineering vehicles were sold for thousands of items, the market share was first in the industry, electric mixers, electric self-dismantling vehicles, electric cranes won annual sales championships. Tri-heavy workers (600031): mid-2021:
Engineering machinery is more economic than automobiles, taking into account the further decline in the cost of future products, the permeability of industrial electric products without fear of short-term profitability fluctuations, and increased investment to enhance future dynamic technological transitions are expected to result in a greater concentration of industry patterns.
In 2021, the company promoted the construction of 22 lighthouse plants, which together resulted in the production of 14 lighthouse plants.
And we expect that, with the ability of the company's lighthouse plant to climb in 2022, there is still much room for greater efficiency and profitability in the company, and the head effect is expected to increase further.
▪ Internationalization into a high-speed development period, promising smooth cycle fluctuations 24.8 billion yuan in 2021, a 76 per cent increase in the same year, excluding the overseas income of Putsmeister $19 billion, +109 per cent; the share of overseas revenue in total revenue is 23 per cent, +9 pct.
Industry exports amounted to 68,427, i.e. +97%, about 20% of the total sales in the overseas excavator market, and 3x1 exports, 22935 excavator machines, an increase of 112% from 2020, and exports accounted for about 30% of domestic excavator exports. The company’s rapid growth is expected to smooth the domestic industrial cycle.
▪ Engineering machinery: Keeping in view the gradual warming of sales data, and focusing on the value repair space in the context of steady growth, given the high growth in exports and the decline in the base for the same period, we expect the O3 industry to pick up the same rate of growth, and looking forward to the gradual warming of sales of engineering machinery in the context of steady annual growth.
The goal is to keep steady growth in a more prominent position, “to deploy timely use of monetary policy tools.” Since the beginning of 2022, more than 60 cities have stabilized their properties by lowering eligibility requirements for home purchases, lowering down the down payment ratio, easing loan requirements, and moving down interest rates.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: due to the high prices of raw materials, competition and the impact of the epidemic on the most important downstream infrastructure and real estate of engineering machinery, there is also a process
1.q4 Losses are not representative, with the strong and the powerful consistently achieving operating income of $106,873 million in 2021, i.e. + 6.82 per cent in comparison, higher than the annual increase in sales in the excavator industry, and higher input levels have had a greater impact on the profit margin of q4, followed by greater control over the cost end, with no representative loss.
Figure 5: The export container price index has continued to rise since 2020q3 and the company ' s share of major products rose in 2021, with strong leaders standing. (1) Excavating machinery: 41.8 billion yuan, equivalent to +11 per cent, about 4.63 per cent more than the annual increase in sales in the excavator industry, exceeding two consecutive sales of 100,000
Year 1st in the world; (2) concrete machinery: 26.7 billion yuan, compared to 1 per cent in the same year, with robust performance in the context of the pressure of the plot, and stable at the top of the world ' s brand; (3) crane machinery: $21.9 billion, compared with 13 per cent, higher than sales - 9 per cent, with the share of medium-sized and large-scale mounted cranes rising to 40 per cent, stable at the top.
The company has a steady business, a high rate of repayment, and a high rate of turnover of receivables. In 2021, the company returned in good quality.
The overall value was less than 1 per cent overdue. Cash received for sales of goods and services was $11,023 million a year, with a return rate of accounts receivable, with a turnover of 5.2 per cent in 2021 and a positive upward trend compared to +0.6 pct. With regard to net operating cash flows, the net cash flow from the company ' s operations since 2020q2 continued to be positive; and the net cash flow from its operations in 2021 continued to be positive.
High R & D plus electricization, digitization, future concentration of industry or further upgrading The corporate R & D costs in 2021 were $6.5 billion, or + 30%, mainly to electric, digital, and domestic and international sources.
This year, the company completed the development of 34 electric products, 20 of which were listed on the market, including 4 pure electric mixers, 4 electric self-loaders, 4 electric excavators, etc., covering the three major technological routes of pure electricity, power switching, hydrogen fuel.
Industry first, electric mixers, electric self-dismantling vehicles, and electric cranes win annual sales championships. The full life-cycle cost advantages of engineering machinery products are clear, and include operating cost savings, policy drivers (e.g., over-emission bans, green plates, tax exemptions, etc.). Considering that engineering machines are more economical than vehicles, no
The cost of electricity-based products is expected to continue to rise, with 20% penetration of new domestic energy vehicles by the end of 2021 (based on the Mid-Air Association), and we expect that the rate of electricization of engineering machinery will rise from a single-digit to 20% over the next three years. Domestic dragons invest heavily in electric-powered technologies, in leading positions, in future industry patterns, or in further concentration.
In 2021, the company advanced the construction of 22 lighthouse plants, bringing together 14 lighthouse plants to production capacity and capacity. Over 10 of the company's plants completed the deployment of 5g industrial Internet, flexible production lines and 5g+ cloudization.
Agv achieved efficiency gains in manufacturing logistics scenes, and the Quick Linking Plant was successfully selected for the 10 typical applications of the 5g+Industrial Interconnectivity and five priority industry practices. Overall, the company lights plant is still in the production uphill phase, and its potential is expected to fall to 5-10 ptt. We expect to go with the public.
The lighthouse plant can climb up the slope, and the manufacturing efficiency and profitability advantages from 2022 are expected to be gradually highlighted, and the headlines of the public are further strengthened. Internationalization is expected to smooth the cycle into a high-speed development period.
In 2021, the company collected 24.8 billion yuan abroad, a 76 per cent increase over the same year, excluding the overseas revenues of Putsmeister $19 billion, or +109 per cent; overseas revenues accounted for 23 per cent of total revenues, or +9 pct. In 2021, the domestic excavator industry exported 68,427 units, or +97 per cent, about 20 per cent of the total sales in the overseas excavator market, and three heavy jobs exported about 20 per cent of the total sales in the overseas excavator market.
In 2021, income from the sale of three major foreign markets and major products increased at a high rate. In the sub-markets:
The Asian and Caribbean region increased by 95.5 per cent by $10.52 billion; the European region by $8.18 billion by 42 per cent; and the Americas region by $4.04 billion in export earnings: 10.7 billion yuan in excavation machinery, an increase of 101 per cent in the same year, $7.11 billion in concrete machinery, an increase of 24 per cent in the same year, $4.09 billion in crane machinery, an increase of 137 per cent in the same year, and $2.95 billion in other products such as machinery, an increase of 121 per cent in the same year.
In 2021, the share of trio workers in excavators in the overseas market was out of 6%, with 2 pct higher than the same year in 2020, with overseas sales ranked first in the top five countries, with 15 countries, including Indonesia and Thailand, with a significant increase in the share and sales of excavators in developed markets such as North America, Europe and Australia. Concrete pumps were first in the market in 68 countries; automobile cranes were first in the market.
Top market share for 15 countries; top market share for 12 countries with cranes.
Given the high export growth and the decline in the base for the same period, we expect the q3 sector to pick up the pace of the year-on-year growth, with a year-on-year steady increase in the gradual warming of the sales of engineering machinery. On March 29 and April 6, regular country meetings presented the following words: “Between the mark, put steady growth in a more prominent position”, “Pull deployment of monetary policy instruments in a timely manner”, early in 2022.
Since then, more than 60 cities have stabilized their properties by lowering eligibility requirements for home purchases, lowering down the downpayment rate, easing loan requirements, and lowering the interest rate on mortgages. The engineering and machinery panels have made more up-of-date returns, with two major improvements in infrastructure and property downstream, as the engineering and machinery industry faces high prices for raw materials below a high base, high competition, and the epidemic.
There is also a degree of uncertainty about the impact of the most important downstream infrastructure and real estate of engineering machinery, owing to the prudent risks of industrial cycle fluctuations; international trade disputes; the unanticipated transition from electric to electric power; and the continued rise in the price of raw materials.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board