The performance forecast is over-expected and looks forward to future profit elasticity.
The main reason for this increase in performance is: 1 benefits from strong growth in demand in the downstream engineering and machinery industry as a whole, and the company, as the leader of the hydraulic industry, has a high capacity utilization of its mature product tanks.
The product sales and sales have increased significantly; 2 new products such as hydraulic valves, hydraulic systems, etc. Sales have started to grow and sales have increased significantly.
By our calculations, the net profit of q4 companies in 2017 was about 0.94–124 million, with a larger percentage of goodwill being reduced by the same year-on-year increase, so its real business performance is likely to increase faster than the perceived performance. Overall, the company’s performance for the whole of 2017 was much higher than expected.
▪ The traditional excavator tank business is robust, the new business is not punctuated with pump valves, the company is the domestic hydraulic industry leader, and the market share of the traditional excavator tank business has increased by about 20-30 per cent annually.
The non-barrelled tanks are run downstream by shield machines, marine and naval machinery, and cranes (including high-altitude operating vehicles, car hangings). The company’s shield operations account for more than 70% of the total market, with its 2017 layout, which has now captured major clients such as Manitobak, Snowk, Trex and others, and has begun to enter.
Pump valves are officially released in 2017, and the new product will be marketed. Against a background of domestic tension between the supply and demand of hydraulic valves, we believe that corporate pump valves will be driven faster and will benefit in the future from an increase in the market share of existing products and the continued roll-out of new products.
Future focus on pump valve elasticity and overseas customer expansion, with the expansion of the scale effect, the company’s pump valve operation has grown from negative Maori in one quarter to a rate of 17% in three quarters. We expect the pump valve business to be Māori as the scale of its sales continues to expand.
In addition, companies now account for less than 30% of their exports and are entering overseas markets through the opening of distribution channels.
2. Stereo hydraulics: The middle report overperformance, the opening of offshore research centres, the accumulation of high-end customers from Europe and the United States, such as Caterpillar, Shinzil and Hitli, and the acceleration of the march towards the integration of global leading hydraulic systems. It is expected that future corporate clients will gradually spread across the world.
The ratio of overseas operations will continue to rise to 50 per cent for the larger offshore engineering machinery. 3. Stereo hydraulics: the reported performance is in line with expectations, and we expect the downstream engineering and machinery industry to rise steadily in 2018, with the company as the main spare parts.
4. Stereotyping hydraulic pressure: the downstream engineering and machinery industry where suppliers have insufficient capacity to produce in the short to medium term, and the medium to long term, where there is much room to look at the hydraulic pump valves as an alternative to imports, a sustained recovery has led to a breakthrough in performance.
Stereo hydraulic pressure: Hand-held German Harvey, heading for the global lead hydraulic system integration firm, 20170510.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board