High performance growth in line with expectations and high performance in the engineering and machinery industry Events: Company performance forecast 2017, released on 29 January, with a profit of 37,000 a year. Strong growth in market demand and pump valves in the downstream sector of the Beneficiary Tanks increased performance
Strong growth and significant growth in tank sales and revenue, for example, with 140,000 sales in the domestic market, which doubled compared to the previous year, has led to a significant increase in the capacity of the company ' s dredging tank production; 2) the main pump valves below 15t have been supplied in bulk, with a steady increase in the city ' s share and high sales of hydraulic systems
The sales of excavators are expected to maintain a modest increase, and the non-flagged tanks continue to grow: based on steady growth in our production, the company ' s business of excavators will benefit significantly. In addition, the company ' s non-flagged tanks continue to grow in total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
In overseas operations, the U.S. market has developed well-known customers such as car hangers, hangers, high-altitude operators, cranes, terex, snorkel, manitowork, manitex, etc., which are expected to be a bright 18-year growth point.
"In the event of a contradiction between the supply and demand of pump valves in the domestic hydraulic industry, the domestic production hydraulics meet the strategic opportunity: the company led by the Digger in 2017, the pump valve business is in its release phase."
There has been a significant increase in market sales and supply stress on hydraulic pump valves, especially on the medium- and large-scale dig pump valves - 2017/11/12, which is expected to continue in 18 years. So far, the company has successfully developed a 20-t class pump valve product.
The three-quarter Maori rate is expected to be transferred to a small batch test in the first half of this year. In the context of supply and demand tensions, it is expected that the process of large-scale pump valves in companies will accelerate. In addition, the primary pump valves below 15t have already been bulked.
The high performance of the tank operations, elasticity of performance, rapid release of the pump valves, and the high performance of the engineering and machinery industry were expected to remain high.
Industry research in the field is good at industrial chain research, especially in industrial automation. For more than six years in the financial sector, the representatives include Robot Trends, etc. Before entering the financial sector, they have eight years of business experience and have worked in areas such as engineering, machinery and automobiles, production technology, markets and strategies.
In July 2017, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre joined the Alliance’s Pacific Securities Centre. The Centre, which joined the Alliance’s Pacific Securities Centre in July 2017, was good at bottom-up investment opportunities.
Research Center, September 2017, Allied Pacific Securities, good at capitalizing on investment opportunities based on industrial trends.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.