The world's leader in clean energy transformation.
The research assistant, Huang Xiao-ho, has a great skill, brand, and channel, forming a famous solar brand. Founded in 1997, Farm Reverse Transversors were more than 20, and domestic photovoltaics began to spread in 2010, becoming a domestic inverter.
The leader, who has since been in the top position, started with a centralized inverter, has a wealth of inverters, has grown from 16 to 60 per cent this year, and has focused on expanding the overseas market since 15 years, with the global market remaining at around 15 per cent for the last three years, standing at the top three, up to 20 per cent.
At the end of June, the build-up went past 120gw. From 13 years, the opportunity of a domestic light-voltage outbreak was seized and expanded to include downstream power station operations, with the second highest rate in the world in 19; 14 years of military service, 16 years to the present-day energy storage system was the country's top priority. The founder, Mr. Cao In-hyeon, was born to focus on research and development.
At the end of 19th, the number of technicians exceeded 1,600, or 42 per cent, with a patent reserve of 1401, and in 19 the Bureau set up more than 110 service points, sold counters in over 100 countries and became a highly influential photovoltaic enterprise in the industry.
As domestic inverters enter, the domestic inverter industry becomes the blue sea market, with prices falling significantly over the 13-15 years and profit margins compressed sharply, while overseas inverters are very lucrative.
The company has been on the seaboard since 15 years, and in 19 years, when 9gw went abroad for the first time, the share of income has risen to 50%. The current inverter prices abroad are 3-6 gross/w, well above the domestic 1-2 gross/w, and the domestic inverter is faster than overseas, with its product performance comparable to that of overseas, and its prices are better.
More than 30 per cent of the benefits, the year was marked by a marked acceleration in the replacement of the inverter overseas, a generally flat foreign market, a general increase of more than 50 per cent in the exports of domestic inverters, and a significant doubling of the benefits of the sunlight advantage in the large power plant sector, with 4gw+ exported from the inverter in January-May, projected year-round.
Exporting 14gw+, with a 50% growth + and overseas Māori 40% +, contributes to the main profit increase. Over the course of the year, there has been a high increase in photo-voltaic demand from overseas and a further 2-20% increase in the share of overseas cities, with sun-reverse exports expected to outpace the expected growth.
epc is growing robustly, storage is looking forward, channels are shared, and development is synergizing. In 19 years, the company has the second largest global market, with a cumulative development of over 12gw and a 100% success rate in operation, with a division with a double-diplomatic and storage energy system, which is expected to generate more than $1 billion this year.
Reverse 1, Sunshine Power (300274) reports, storage can share channels with the three main operations of the epc, and synergetic development as a growth point for future performance.
Review: Overseas penetration acceleration, inverter  profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account that the company is the global inverter + storage power + epc tap, inverse 2, Sunshine Power (300274).
High growth in overseas shipments, rapid increase in cluster ratios, pre-positioning, robust growth of pepc Performance forecast: Reverse inverse inverters: 1. Basic situation: Core competitive advantages are significant and the leader is unshakeable.
1.1. Developmental history: Deep Farm Reverse Transversors, more than 20 loads, and expansion of downstream power stations and storage capacity Sunshine power sources were established in 1997 to focus on autonomous research and development of inverters, product coverage of four types: household use, clustering, centralization and bulk distribution, with reverse transformer output and city occupancy remaining second worldwide since 13 years.
By the end of June 2020, the accumulated loader had broken past 120gw and was the leader of the inverter industry; at the same time, the company gradually expanded downstream engineering and operation on the basis of the retroversion product, and in 2013 began to expand power station operations. The market share has been rapidly raised to the top of the country since then and has become the top five producers of lithium storage energy.
Management: Centralized stock structure, technical background of management, strategic vision of industry Centralized corporate equity structure, most of which is technical. 31.5% of company director Cao In-hyun is directly and indirectly in charge of the company, with a more centralized equity structure.
Over 20 years of research in the field of solar and wind power generation, we have become an industry expert in solar and wind power generation, with a strategic vision for technology foresight and market development, leading to progress in the entire industry. 1.3. Core competitiveness: brand influence + R & D power + globalized production marketing
The director is the leader of the photovoltaic industry and has significant industrial influence. For over 20 years, in the field of renewable energy generation, Chairman Cao In-hyun has been the Vice-President of the China Photovoltaic Industry Association and the Vice-President of the China Power Society.
As a representative of the National People's Congress, he has made proposals for renewable energy development and has sponsored the drafting of three national standards that have an important impact in the field of renewable energy generation.
Since overseas projects are largely financed, financing is an important prerequisite for obtaining a project. Financialability certification by overseas mainstream banks requires the accumulation of many cases and certifications, increasing ratings, and now sun power sources are largely covered by global mainstream bank financing.
According to Bnef’s 2019 and 2020 components and reverse changer values report, Sun Power has been the world’s top source of financing for two consecutive years, the only reverse brand with a 100% financing value globally. On the one hand, Sun Power reversals are easier for project developers to access bank finance than for other photovoltaic brands.
Long-term client groups; on the other hand, the company ' s inverser performance in terms of product quality, product performance in power stations, and local support and long-term reliability, has contributed to the expansion of the overseas layout and to an increase in the city ' s presence.
Figure 5: R & D expenditure and R & D expenditure as a share of total revenue
The technology reserves are adequate and accumulated 1401 patents. By the first half of the twentieth century, companies had accumulated 1401 patents covering a variety of areas, such as centralized and cluster inverters, pc, storage, etc., including 577 patents for inventions, 732 new patents for practical applications, 112 patents for visual designs, and 233 new patent applications for patents.
By contrast, the number of solar power patents is far ahead, proving the company’s ability to develop research and innovation. Building on its leading technology reserves, the company has actively promoted the development and optimization of relevant standards in the industry.
The four types of modal, centralized and bulk-based, covering a range of 3-6800kw power with a maximum conversion efficiency of 99 per cent +, fully meeting the requirements of various types of photovoltaic components and grid-connection, operating efficiently and steadily in various natural environments such as high temperature, high humidity and altitude, have been sold in bulk to more than 60 countries, with a global cumulative reversal equipment load of over 120gw.
The company optimizes the design of hundreds of widgets, continuously upgrades the converter efficiency, fit-for-stage, intelligent management, etc., adapts to downstream demand for innovative research and development, and upgrades the product: 1) upgrades the conversion efficiency by introducing new semiconductor materials such as sic, gan, high-efficiency magnetic materials, etc.
The top conversion efficiency in the combination of high-performance dsps and the application of new power-equilibrium topping structures has reached 99.01%. 2) Upgrade of voltage. To reduce costs, reduce losses, and target large overseas ground power stations, companies publish.
A new generation of 1500v centralized inverters sg3400hv. The product has a rated power of 3.4mw, and two inverters can form a field of 6.8mw, with significant advantages in saving investment and maintenance costs. 3) Increases the level of smart management.
Vi, the Ito Smart Energy Management Platform has access to a variety of photovoltaic power stations, and new technologies, such as modern object networking, have achieved full life cycle power station-level hosting, reduced maintenance costs and increased power generation by more than 3 per cent.
The global layout of the marketing services system, with a lot of flowers. The firm’s deep-farming inverter industry has more than 20 places, creating a global network of marketing and operating services. 1) Actively expanding the distribution of emerging markets.
The Philippines has a market share of about 30%, all ranking first in the local market; Brazil is ranked first in the distributed market, with households accounting for more than 20% in Australia; and 2) enhanced mature market layout. Companies have further expanded their European-American marketing services network, with well-developed technical support, and have become the largest set-and-centre in the Americas.
More than 20 affiliates, more than 110 after-sales service outlets, offshore distribution networks have been fully opened, strengthening the global support system, and enhancing global impact. The company’s total capacity is around 30gw. To meet the industry’s boom, companies need to expand their capacity, and plans are about to begin.
The second phase of the Sunshine Garden, which is expected to be operational by the end of next year, will increase total capacity to 80gw in 22 years (50gw+ storage capacity of 15gw+wind power) and the company plans to reach 100gw in the next three to five years (60gw+storage capacity of 20gw+wind power of 20gw).
In India, companies can benefit from India’s demographic dividend, and local manufacturing and installation can reduce labour and logistics costs; in India and some overseas countries, they can avoid competition protection, and local sales in India will be reduced by 25% of tariffs, and tariffs for the United States will be reduced accordingly.
Rapid growth, smoothing industrial policy fluctuations, and a sustained growth in overall revenue growth in the last five years, at 23% compound growth, and 53% compound growth in the last 10 years. The first half of the 20 years, thanks to the surge in demand in the industry, have seen a significant increase in the volume of goods delivered from overseas by the inverter.
The gross profit from the company’s reversible sales + chaining ratio increased, with a light-voltage reverse transformer in the first half of the 20th century versus a light-volatile reverse transformer in the first half of the 20th century.
Net profits have returned to positive growth and cost controls have been well regulated. 18 years of industrial policy fluctuations, with a marked slippage in net profit returns; 19 years of rapid recovery in profits, with a return of 893 million yuan, a 10 per cent increase in net profit returns; and the first half of 20 years of net profit returns to mothers, 446 million yuan, a 34 per cent increase.
Corporate costs are well controlled and management rates are maintained at around 7 per cent, with management rates falling rapidly to 3 per cent in the first half of 20 years due to the cessation of the epidemic; sales costs have increased slightly, mainly as a result of the company ' s opening overseas operations in recent years and the increase in sales staff.
There was a slight decline in profits and a steady recovery. Thanks to the development of the photovoltaic industry, the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rates grew significantly in 2017, at 27% and 11% respectively, with the reverse Māori rate reaching 39%. Overall gross interest rates and net interest rates declined slightly in the first half of 18-20 years, mainly due to the weakening of domestic demand as a result of changes in photovoltaic policies, and the price of the inverter fell faster than the price.
As a result of the cost slowdown, the Māori rate and the net interest rate were 20 per cent and 7 per cent respectively in the first half of the twentieth century, and gradually rebounded. 1.5. Equity incentives: completion of multiple equity incentives, binding of core management and technical staff Ten thousand restricted shares, or 3.87 per cent of the company's total equity, were targeted at directors, middle and senior managers, cores, etc.
There are more than 600 people in the business (technical) sector. Full equity incentives have stimulated high-level management and technologists in the company, facilitating the firm’s deep-seated core management and technical staff, and demonstrating the firm’s talent-intensive business strategy and its commitment to sustained growth.
Reverser industry: Domestic firms are global and the reverse market space is wide. 2.1. Inverters are the only link with intelligent control. Inverters are the only link with intelligent control of the entire photovoltaic system.
Electrical electronics for frequency, bandable power exchange are one of the main components of a photovoltaic power system. Reversers communicate through high-frequency electrical switches (igbt, mosfet, etc.) to “regulate” the voltage wave shape, the main function of which is to convert the variable current voltage generated by photovoltaic panels into municipal frequency exchange. Reversers are in the industrial chain.
Swimming, connecting photovoltaic arrays and grids, the current post-volatile transport market is growing rapidly, and the inverter is the only link with intelligent control of the entire photovoltaic system. The photovoltaic invertors are numerous and can be classified as micro-reversers, cluster inverters, and clusters.
Moderate converters. Central photovoltaic converters (power generation > 500kw) are widely used in large, medium-sized photovoltaic power systems such as deserts, highlands, commercial roofs, etc.; clustered photovoltaic reverses (generally less than 100kw) are widely used in small and medium-sized photovoltaic systems such as residential, commercial roofs, farms, etc.; microreverters (power generation ~ 1000w)
2.2. The pattern of competition: domestic firms are so strong that global demographic dividend plus technological upgrading accelerates domestic production substitution, and global markets are so strong.
The rise of light markets, the rise of domestic firms like China, the sun, the expansion of production capacity, the rapid growth of domestic firms’ output, and the progressive replacement of domestic production. Thanks to the low-cost advantages of the domestic demographic dividend and the lower-yielding advantages of faster technology, domestic firms have been on the sea since 2016, using price-for-value strategies and selling them.
Prices are more than 50% lower than abroad, the value of the value of the value of the money has gradually emerged, gaining recognition abroad, and the city’s share has risen rapidly to become the global leader of the inverter industry. From cr10 of the global inverter, the share of domestic firms has risen from 12% in 13 years to 48% in 19 years.
The share of domestic firms, such as Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese,
The concentration of the industry as a whole has increased significantly, and the head market is still well up. The concentration of the inverter industry has increased steadily since 2012, from 48% to 73%, from 39% to 54%, from 33% to 43%, and since 2016, the global inverter industry has grown to be a leader, sun power, sma, and the market is very strong.
By 2019, the global city share had reached 22%, 13%, and 8%, respectively. But, in view of the changes in concentration over the last three years, the concentration of the whole industry has declined steadily, mainly because of the decline in the share of large overseas firms, such as sma and abb, whose share has been seized by new domestic reversors, such as Jourvay Technology, Gudwe and Gurevat.
In contrast to other links, the inverser industry still has a lower concentration, mainly due to the non-homogenization of products. Since it is more difficult to standardize the inverter product, different grid standards vary from country to country, requiring different types of invertors to apply the grid requirements, the inverter has a lower tap share and still has greater up-front space.
2.3. Domestic leaders have gone out to sea to speed up the domestic penetration of global markets. Overseas markets have grown at a high rate and have had greater room for substitution. Since 18 years, as a result of policy delays and weak domestic loading, the market focus has increased by more than 100 million + or 85%. We have dismantled the market share of global enterprises in 2019, with domestic firms in overseas markets.
Revenues of 16.29 billion, or 27.3%, compared with foreign firms amounting to 37+ billion, or 62.1%, indicate that overseas markets still have a large national alternative space. Domestic leaders have gone out and export markets have risen rapidly.
The reasons for the rapid rise in the share of foreign export poles for other inverters include: 1) the 18-year drop in the price of the industrial chain, with foreign firms withdrawing at a higher cost; 2) higher overseas prices and Māori rates are higher than domestic prices, owing to the high demand for quality and reliability of the inverter products and relatively low price sensitivity.
This is low, selling is more than 50% lower than abroad, and the value-for-money advantage is gradually emerging. Since 19 years, the global reverse market has accelerated national production penetration, domestic firms have increased their overseas exports by the same 60% + and their share in overseas markets has risen to around 55%.
In terms of overseas exports, China accounted for 17% of the market share in the overseas market in 2019, ranking first, but the export stock of China was 21% left in 2019, as a result of a cut-off of dry United States parts and a restriction on China's exports to the United States, forcing China to gradually exit the United States market.
In terms of the inverter type, Chinese production is dominated by large-scale chain inverter (>100kw) power plants, while domestic tap sun power accumulates deep in the research and production of inverters in large terrestrial power stations, increasing the cluster inverter ratio from 30 per cent in 17 years to 55 per cent in the first half of 20 years; and canine technology focuses on cluster inverter manufacturing.
This year, a series of inverters, applied to 255kw on ground power stations, has been introduced; the Kudwi Group has been recognized outside the sea and is working on the layout of the US market. So, China’s gradual exit from the US market will expand its share of the world’s direct solar power supply, luminous technology, and solid Dewey.
2.4. The clustering ratio has risen rapidly, and the industry has begun to transition to specialized production.
Most of the applications are for centralized power stations and large distributions, mostly for power providers, 2b models for low unit prices and low Māori rates, and cluster inverters for small and medium-sized distributions and household uses, with customers as distributors, integrators and installers and more downstream as individual consumers, with a higher Māori ratio for class c end attributes.
The market for inverters has been transformed into a cluster inverter. As technology progresses, the cluster inverter costs have declined rapidly, and are now close to the centralized inverter costs, prompting the cluster inversion application and share to expand.
Driven by two factors, the permeable power station + distributed photovoltaic ratio has increased further, from 32 per cent in 16 years to 60 per cent in 19 years, and we expect the concentration ratio to shrink further, and the cluster ratio to continue to rise, to Figure 29: The domestic chain inverter ratio has gradually increased
Figure 30: The number of companies with a higher chain share in the volume of goods is higher The number of inverters is shifting to high-profit, specialized production. Currently, domestic manufacturers have a wide range of configurations of chaining and household use, with small market-based inverters such as Gurevat, Geudwey, Kosda, Jinbo Technologies, etc.
The transformer industry has its head. Specialized overseas manufacturers, with a greater focus on segmenting the market for differentiated products, are highly profitable, mainly represented by solaredge and enphase. 1) Solaredge is an old American chain-based inverter business that focuses on small-scale chain inverter production, benefiting from the rapid expansion of the U.S. photovoltaic market and the price of inverter products.
The rise has led to a high net profit growth in companies, with the Māori rate having remained at around 33 per cent in recent years. (ii) Enphase is the largest microreverser producer in the United States, with microreverse markets accounting for more than 80 per cent. The company has launched its latest generation of iq7 microreversers, with a 98 per cent share of goods delivered, and the value of individual commodities has been raised from $35 to $51 per counter, with full price increases and a profit boom.
In the short term, domestic competition is more predictable, China's market is more definitive in the second half of the year, contributing to the major global build-up, and China is expected to install 40-45gw, an increase of 4-13% over the year. In the long run, as the costs of photovoltaic power are gradually reduced, storage capacity is rapidly imported, and photovoltaic power is being added.
There is a cost advantage in loading, with a gradual increase in the increase in photovoltaic power as a proportion of the increase in total global electricity generation, with about 8 per cent of light voltage penetration in 2025, over 370gw, over 19.32 per cent in 2030 and over 1,000gw in 2030. In 2020, the reverse transformer replaced the market by 8.7gw.
In general 10-15 years, the life expectancy of the group in early household use is only 5-10 years, which requires at least one replacement during the 25-year life cycle of the component. The replacement needs will increase rapidly with the increase in the volume of the previous photovoltage, with a projected global replacement demand of 8.7 gw in 2020 and around 27gw in 2025.
By 2020, the overall inverter market will need more than 130gw and space will continue to grow in the future. We expect total global inverter market demand to exceed 130gw in 2020 (new 127gw + 8.7gw replacement) and around 400gw in 2025 (new 374gw + 27gw replacement).
Figure 34: Inverter Replacement Market Size (gw) Figure 35: Global Inverter Market Size (gw) 3. Inverter: Explosion + Group Serial Equation Increase in Price Impairment Profit
3.1. The first to benefit from China’s offer market, the growth of overseas exports is more certain, the growth of overseas exports is high, and the level of profit is clearly higher. Based on good product manufacturing and channeling by companies, the inversion product has been widely recognized in overseas markets, and overseas exports have been increasing since 16 years, and by 19 years, the company has been at sea.
Outgoing volume is 9gw, an increase of 88% from the previous year, and overseas output is 53%, which is the first to exceed the domestic level. It is expected to reach 15gw and 67% from the previous year.
The first to benefit from China’s concession market, export markets are expected to increase further. Sunshine power is at the forefront of the industry, with 12.5% in 19 followed by China.
Influence, gradual exit from the US market, we expect that China's concessionary market will be most likely to be captured by sunlight power, mainly because of the export of large groups of inverters (>100kw) that focus on power plant applications, while sunlight power sources accumulate deep-seated in the research and production of reverse power stations, products and services that are widely recognized by overseas countries and that are expected to benefit first.
In January-May 20 years, the market share of China's exports was 14.8%, a decrease of 6.7 pct compared to 19 years, a decrease of 13.9% in January-May, of which, in terms of single-month market coverage in May, it was 15.4%, and the company's share in the United States market was over 30%.
3.2. Increases the number of chains, the share of shipments rising, the contribution of the chain inverser is higher than the concentration, and the increase in the number of chains will lead to a significant improvement in profitability.
The price of the inverter is always higher than that of the centralized, and by 2019 there is still a difference of 0.1 yuan/w, and as technological progress and capacity expands and costs decrease, the company seizes the opportunity to scale up a series of R & D and layouts, continuously improving the profit level of the inverter through a combination of high prices and low costs.
Clusters: 60%: 40%: a proportion consistent with global demand. In the long run, as the range of applications increases, the volume and share of company series will continue to rise.
Figure 39: Corporate Serial Inverter Major Product Figure 40: Group Serial Inverter Prices are always higher than Central ($/w) 3.3. Multiplicity of measures, significant drops
The company has increased its profitability by adding to its overseas + group ratio. Based on 20 years of inverter production experience, the company has taken more measures and reduced costs: 1) production integration is gradually increasing, allowing a variety of products to be produced in large volumes of the platform and costs are gradually reduced under the scale effect; 2) raw materials account for about 90% of the total cost.
Through long-term supply chain management, companies use more valuable raw materials; 3) optimize circuit design, increase efficiency in the use of meta-materials, and further improve system energy efficiency. By doing so, companies have increased their operational efficiency, adding up the growth in overseas shipments and the rise in clustering, and during the first half of the 2000s the unit price of the company's reversible sales recovered and produced.
3.4. Inverters: Benefiting from the surge in demand in the industry, high growth in profitability over the next three years The inverse is the company's traditional core business, benefiting from industrial development in recent years, and sustaining growth in revenue over the last five years.
In 18 years, Māori experienced a significant decline, down from a high of $1,426 million in 17 to $1,195 million, as a result of the impact of photovoltaic subsidy policies. In 19 years, companies continued to push for product rotations, accelerating overseas R$ 1 billion and raising the Māori rate by 2 pct to 34 per cent. In the first half of the 20 years, they benefited from a significant increase in overseas shipments, resulting in harvests.
The share of cities is rising steadily, with the prospect of winning in 20 years. We expect that the share of cities in the Sun power generation will rise in 20 years, that of overseas cities will climb to 20%, and that of the world’s cities will rise steadily to 23%, and that of the world’s reversible dragons.
Companies are expected to increase their output and profits over the next three years. Companies will focus on improving the competitiveness of their products, expanding the layout of global marketing and service outlets, adding up the need for light-voltaic demand, and, in order to give away their share of the market, we expect rapid growth in the volume of their goods, which is expected to reach 26gw this year, a 52% increase, and 36gw in 21 and 22 years, respectively.
Storage energy: a high-start layout that moves into the new era of light storage 4.1. Storage energy is an important link for cutting peaks and reducing grid volatility. Storage energy systems are a key link in the power system and can be applied in any part of the "discharge-distribution-matching-use" system.
The main applications are currently on the user side and on the side of the net. The main uses are: storage of energy at low grid loads, exporting energy at high grid loads in order to cut peak fillings and reduce grid volatility. The storage system is currently used primarily on the user side. In the 2019 Global New Transported Chemical Repository Project, the user side item
The largest number, 46%, can be used in light storage to increase the self-sponsible use of distributed power sources, and can take advantage of the low price of power from peak valleys to reduce the cost of electricity use, etc., and the future space is wide. Central renewable energy grids, auxiliary services and grid side-sides are relatively balanced, with 16%, 15%, 15%, and power side 8%, respectively.
Storage capacity can mainly smooth output and plan output; on the side of traditional power sources, storage can be used primarily to support dynamic operations; on the side of the grid, storage can play an important role in modulating peak frequency, voltage support and incompetence control, and storage capacity can be integrated with the depth of the grid, improving traditional grid planning and scheduling methods that favour power balance, and improving clean energy consumption capacity.
New models that contribute to power grid intelligence and economic efficiency. 4.2. Storage energy is the ultimate way of energy development, with large market spaces with a rapidly growing global aggregate load, but with a penetration rate of less than 2%.
The size of the installation was 10112.3mw, the first to break 10gw, but it is still less than 2 per cent of the global photovoltaic build-up, with a cumulative capacity of 1831mw, with a penetration rate of less than 1 per cent. 2020h is experiencing a decline in the impact of the epidemic, but the same rate remains positive, with storage as the ultimate method of energy development, and is expected to continue at a high rate in the future.
4.3. Increased policy support to stimulate the rapid growth of stocks, as the price of the photovoltaic industrial chain continues to fall, the global price of photovoltaics, storage energy plus photovoltaics are the effective solution for the future, and policies that encourage the integration of light storage and promote the release of storage energy have been introduced in countries around the globe and will have an impact on the development of storage capacity.
At the domestic level, 20 years of intensive storage-related policies in the provinces, imposing a certain percentage of photo-voltaic storage, or policies that encourage photo-storage integration and promote storage release. 4.4. Storage can be a high-starting large-scale layout, which is developed in tandem with invertors.
Early binding of the sdi high start, nearly three years of accelerated layout, opening new growth points. In 2014, the Sun Power and Samsung sdi joint venture began to move into the storage energy industry, and now the company has developed into a global reservoir leader with extensive application experience in the areas of FM peaks, support for renewable energy grids, microgrids, business and household storage.
The system has been widely applied in countries such as China, the United States, Germany and Germany, with a market share of North American businesses in excess of 20 per cent of their capacity; in Australia, households have a market share of more than 20 per cent of their capacity; and as of June 2020, companies were involved in more than 1,000 major global storage energy projects, covering all types of storage applications, and operating safely and efficiently.
The company is the double-material champion of the Reverse Reverser + Reservator System. The company, as the leader of the Reverser, is able to build on its technological and pre-emptive advantages in the field of Reversers, rapidly expanding into areas such as Reverse Reversers and Lithium Storage Systems. According to the cnesa, in 2019, the company stored the Reverser and the Repository System in China’s new energy-chemical storage project.
Market rankings are in the first place, storage Reversers are about 188mw, storage systems are about 91mw, and there is a wide gap with second place, and future pre-existing and technological advantages will be further highlighted and will benefit from a storage Reverser outbreak.
Figure 52: Integrators of the company ' s storage systems in 2019 ranked first 4.5. Reserves and energy: rapid growth in revenues, gradual increase in profits, rapid growth in future revenues in 18 and 19 years, and gradual increase in profits. Companies based on the domestic market, actively move to Germany and Japan.
Overseas markets such as Ben, Australia expanded with a five-fold increase in 18 years, yielding $383 million. At the same time, the company achieved a two-way development of the lithium phosphate plus three-dollar lithium storage system, covering energy-type, power-type and other types of storage applications ranging from 0.5c to 4c. In 19 years, the harvest further increased to $543 million, or 42 per cent, and the Māori rate rose to 36 per cent.
The market has broken out. We expect that the company’s storage capacity will continue to grow at a high rate, rising by more than 1 billion dollars this year, 85%, and that the Māori rate will remain around 35%. The company’s early storage energy projects will be more customized, as the project develops and expands, 5.
Industry shuffling is under way and domestic rapid rise epc refers to the “engineering-procurement-construction master contracting” model, whereby companies with epc qualifications are entrusted by the project owner to contract the entire process of engineering project design, procurement, construction etc., which can be applied to centralized photovoltaic power stations, distributions, etc.
Photovoltaic and off-grid photovoltaic power stations, with the pc model characterized by speed of construction and high degree of integration, have allowed project owners to control the construction schedule, control risks, and improve quality. Global photovoltage units have developed rapidly in recent years, and the number and size of projects have increased rapidly, with global parities approaching after 2020, and high demand is expected to facilitate the development of the pec project.
The market pattern of the epc is fragmented and industry concentration is on the rise. The market pattern of the PV epc chain is relatively fragmented compared to the rest of the PV chain, with 18 years of epc suppliers only 5.8%, cr 30 21%, and the market is clearly fragmented. However, as electricity costs continue to decrease and the cost of the components slows down, the PV epc is right.
Companies’ capacity for cost control, quality management, and advances is increasingly demanding, and suppliers of epc that lack product power and finance will gradually be phased out, and industry concentration will be increasing. Domestic firms will rise rapidly, with Chinese electricity and sunlight sources divided by the first two installments in 19 years.
The United States accumulated 4.31gw grid-connected, but is currently largely inactive and is expected to withdraw from competition. Thanks to the rapid development of domestic photovoltaic markets and the continued expansion of overseas markets, the number and scale of projects in China are expanding, with China building, China powering, and the sun power sources cumulatively co-located around the world.
The top line. From the rankings of the global photovoltaic pepc and the integrator in 2019 published by His, four of the top ten companies were Chinese, with new installed power and sunlight sources in China ranked first and second globally in 19 years. 5.2. Size continues to grow, with swords pointing to the global tap of the epc.
Power station systems are increasingly integrated, with swords pointing to the global tap of the pec. Solar power systems are integrated, supported by the pc model and the bt model, and have significant advantages in technology development, power station construction, cost control, and later fine-tuning management. In 2019, Sun power global markets rose to around 2%, ranking the highest in the world.
With high-quality project resources, the cumulative development of wind and light power plants exceeds 12gw.
Successfully participating in a number of major photovoltaic projects such as the Beijing Olympic nest, Shanghai World Expo, the National Project for Lightvoltaic Poverty Alleviation, the National Distributed Photovoltaic Demonstration Area, and the National Plan for Photovoltaic Lead runners, companies have accumulated the construction of photovoltaic and wind power stations above 12gw by the first half of the 20th century, with parity projects exceeding 3.5gw and competitive competitions exceeding 2.5gw.
Household photovoltaic users exceed 150,000 and are operating 100% successfully. In back-end operations, the company relies on more than 20 years of direct flow conversion technology and power station integration practices, and the company has created a digital, sophisticated, intelligent transport system that, by the end of the 19th year, has achieved 100gw+demonstration experience, 15gw+ total access to its platform.
5.3. Power station integration: steady growth, sustained improvement for profit 7 consecutive years of high growth in power station system integration operations. Since the establishment of power station operations in 2013, the company has been able to generate 7 consecutive revenues with strong financing, excellent system core equipment development, and leading system integration design capability 7 consecutively.
With a high annual growth rate of $7,939 million in 19 years, an increase of 35 per cent, the share of the company ' s total revenues has been raised to the entire industrial chain of Sunshine Power for project development, design, construction and later transportation, so that the Māori rate for corporate system integration is higher than the industry average, and since 2014 the Māori rate for company power station operations has stabilized at 15-20 per cent.
See, in 2020, the Māori rate of power station operations will decline as a result of the epidemic and electricity price increases, but companies are taking measures to supplement the global epc. In the long run, the power station integration system has expanded in size and shares channels with storage and inverters, constituting a synergistic development, and it is expected that the profitability of the epc operation will continue to improve under the advantage of scale.
Reverse transformer business: Considering that the company is the global leader of the retrofit market, which fully benefits from the outbreak of demand in the retroversion market and China, global market share is expected to be the highest, with a projected delivery volume of 26/36/47gw in 20-22 years, generating storage capacity: taking into account that the company is the dual leader of the Reversible + Storage Energy System, the pre-operational layout of the storage capacity,
Integrating power station systems: continuously expanding in size, innovative development models, gradually improving profits with long-term size advantages, other business: the company ' s wind-flow inverters are expected to grow more than expected, thanks to the high demand for wind-loading machines, and other sun power comparable companies were 36.4/22.6 times Pe in 2020/201, taking into account that the company is a global inverter.
+Serves +epc: Reversers are growing at a high rate of overseas exports, the clustering ratio is rising rapidly, storage is pre-positioned, pc 1) competition is increasing. There are more competitors in the chain reverses industry, currently in overcapacity, and further competition will have an impact on the profitability of firms.
Since 2014, the country has introduced a series of incentives to support the development of the photovoltaic industry, which is still in need of government subsidies. If future policies are not conducive to the development of the photovoltaic industry, the profit margins of the industry will be reduced, thus affecting the company’s performance.
3) Overseas expansion is less than expected, and prices are falling faster than expected. The growth in corporate output abroad has led to higher revenue collection, and the company’s performance has been affected by uncertainty about growth in overseas sales if, for example, it is prevented by factors such as the geopolitics, the economic environment, or if foreign prices fall in excess of expectations.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board