New EPP giants, many fast-growing businesses - Sunshine Power Deep Report, photovolts are approaching price-neutral times, carbon neutrals are becoming a global consensus, and industries are accelerating up.
The world’s photovolt is entering a price-free era. In Central Europe, Japan and Korea, carbon emission reduction targets or plans are announced, and Biden wins. Target date: 12 months. President of the United States, the United States will return to Paris.
Reversers: New + replacement double-wheel drive, accelerated sea-going by national producers Traditional cluster-lined photovoltaic converters with a life span of around 10 years, while large terrestrial power stations have a life expectancy of about 20 years left Right, the inverter needs to be replaced at half the life of the power station, and the inverter benefits from new and replacement needs.
Market value in circulation (million yuan): to increase at a high rate. By 2020, global demand for inverters is estimated to reach 133gw, and by 2025, 455gw worldwide. With high value, brand, financing and excellent after-sales services,
The home-grown inverter accelerated to sea, with only 9 per cent of the global market in 2012 and 58 per cent in 2019. After 531 in 2018, the home-grown inverter maintained rapid research and development on the one hand, and the overseas high-mori market on the other, which will continue to grow in the future.
The strong R & D +no.1 brand, corporate inverter booming, firm inverter technology is very deep, with R & D accounting for nearly 42% in 2019, the most inverse inefficiency has reached 99% on-line, and corporate brands have a global reputation for two years in a row.
Value Reversed Brands champions. The company's output was two years ahead of the world, benefiting from the wind and the rise in overseas cities, with high expectations for its performance in the third quarter of 2020, and we expect the company to be expected to sell 28.7gw year-round, with the prospect that it will be number one in the world.
There has been a steady and rapid increase since the beginning of the year, with a savings of 250 million yuan in the first half of 2020, an increase of 49.66 per cent in the same year. (2) Renewable energy electrolysis has a huge potential for hydrogen production, on the one hand, and green hydrogen, on the other hand, on the other hand.
In order to provide long-term seasonal storage capacity for electricity systems, the market for electrolytic hydrogen equipment in 2030 was estimated to be $126.5 billion, and the company’s forward-looking layout of electrolytic hydrogen and hydrogen storage energy is expected to benefit first from hydrogen energy in the future, along with a rapid increase in photovoltaic prices, demand for photovoltaic power stations and a sustained increase in the company’s power station system integration operations.
1. Corporate profile: the power power electronics platform in the new energy field, the 1.1 reverse transformer tap, without borders, has moved towards the new power electronics platform, starting with the reverse transformer, and has grown into the power electronics platform in the new energy sector.
By the end of June 2020, companies had accumulated more than 120gw in reverse equipment. Companies have been adept at currents, storage systems, new energy motors, surface photovoltaics, intelligent energy transport services, etc.
(a) In 1997, the company committed itself to the development and production of photovoltaic system equipment with a photovoltaic inverter at its core.
Volvo transformers cover a range of 3-6800kw power, including household inverters, medium power group inverters, and large centralized inverters. More than 120 countries and territories worldwide are sold out, the second largest worldwide in successive years, and have been rated as “reverse brands of the world's most financing value” by Peng Bo's new energy finance. As of June 2020, sunlight power was on the ground.
The global market has accumulated more than 120gw in reverse equipment. (2) Starting in 2013, the company entered into an integrated system of photovoltaic power stations and, as of June 2020, the company accumulated more than 12gw in light voltage and wind power stations:
3) In 2014, the company and Samsungsdi entered into a joint venture to build storage cells and power sources in co-fertilization, and each was ranked first in China in 2019 for solar power storage transformers and systems integrated markets, with a market share of more than 20 per cent for North American businesses and businesses, and over 20 per cent for the Australian household light storage system;
Joint hydrogen production laboratory. Figure 2: Sun power development history 1.2 Equity structure stable and management team experienced
The company actually controls the director, Mr. Cao In-hyun, with direct and indirect shares of 31.5%. The company management team industry is experienced and its chairman, Mr. Cao In-hyun, is a senior expert in the field of new energy generation, serving as Vice-President of the Photovoltaic Industry Association, Vice-President of the Electric Power Society, and Professor of Ph.D. at the University of Fertilizer Industries.
Experience. The technical skills of wind storage products developed by the Chairman of the Board of Directors and developed by the team have reached the international standard, with the team maintaining a forward-looking judgement on the technology and market development of the industry and continuing to lead the industry. Figure 3: Corporate equity structure
Table 1: Corporate management team 1.3 thick and thin, with 20q3 performing well above expectations Net revenue growth sustained. Rapid growth in overseas sales of power station systems and reverse transformers benefited from rapid growth, public
Billion dollars, a four-year compound increase of 31.12 per cent; net repatriation profits increased from $425 million in 2015 to 531 million in 2019, resulting in a decline in the size of installed machines and a decline in the level of profit in the industry. 2020q3 performance exceeded expectations.
After increasing, the inverser has reduced its market share as a result of the offshore supply of components, and this year the company is expected to be the world’s top producer, with a significant increase in the net profit from the inverter. In the third quarter of 2020, the company collected $4,967 million, an increase of 82.50%, and in the third quarter of 2020, the net profit from the parent is $749 million, an increase by the same year.
237.79 per cent: Deduction of non-net profit of $673 million, an increase of 279.16 per cent over the same period, and high market performance expectations, mainly due to the 531 policy in 2018 and the subsidy competitive mechanism that drove down prices in the domestic photovoltaic industry chain in 2019, during which the company ' s gross profit rate for the photovoltaic converter fell by 4.99 pt. The company ' s reverse changer was shipped overseas in the second half of 2020.
The volume has continued to rise, the price of overseas inverters has been much higher than domestic inverters, and the company ' s Māori ratio has been restored, reaching 30.96 per cent in the total Māori Division 2020q3, an increase of 8.64 pt compared to the same period last year, with an increase of 13.48 pt in the ring ratio.
The energy revolution is taking hold, the photovoltaic industry is accelerating, the cost of photovoltaic power is falling year by year, and it is already in an era of price parity. According to the Irena report on the cost of renewable energy power generation in 2019, the weighted average cost of photovoltaic power generation for the global utility scale 2010-2019 has fallen sharply.
82%, down from US$ 0.378/kwh in 2010 to US$0.068/kwh in 2019, close to fossil fuel generation costs US$0.066/kwh. irena projects that global photovoltaic generation costs will be reduced to US$0.045/kwh, US$0.039/kwh in 2021 from 2019.
The country’s lowest electricity prices are now the Qinghai-Chai Open-Aided Photovoltaic Project, and the local electricity prices are – 0.227 yuan/kwh, about 3.25 cents/kwh; and the current prices of the fire-connected poles in all provinces of the country.
On 5 August 2020, the National Energy Agency issued a list of flat-priced photovoltaic and wind projects for 2020, totalling 44.45gw, of which 33.05gw is photovoltaic.
The cost of electricity generation has been reduced, and the growth of new installed machines worldwide has continued to be high, with 118gw installed globally in 2019 and 16 gw level markets globally. However, photovoltaic penetration remains low, according to lea, China’s photovoltage ratio in 2019.
3.02%, equivalent to the global average of 3%; there is scope for significant growth. According to bnef, 62% of the world energy source structure in 2050 will come from renewable sources, of which 48% are wind and solar; electricity demand is projected to grow by 62% in 2050, at a compound rate of 1.6% per year, with a projected increase of about 20 times in photovoltaics and a cumulative loader.
(b) Europe, on 17 September 2020, the Council of the European Union officially released the 2030 Climate Targets Plan and the Policy Impact Assessment report, which proposed an increase in Europe ' s greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 (compared to 1990) from the current 40 per cent reduction target to 55 per cent;
3) In the United States, Biden won the presidential election, and the Biden campaign team released the Clean Energy Revolution and Environment Plan, which provides for an investment of $400 billion over the next 10 years in clean energy and innovation; the Democratic Party platform draft plan shows that 500 million photovoltaic components have not been installed in the next five years; 4) in Japan, Prime Minister Shin Yi Wai will be addressing Japan in 2050.
To achieve carbon neutrality; 5) Korea, President Quan promised to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050. 2020q4 is expected to load 125gw globally in 2020 because of higher prices for industrial chains, and we expect to load 125gw globally, figure 10: Global Photovoltaic Adder (gw) in 2011-2025e
Figure 11: China Photovoltaic Adder (gw) 3. Inverters industry: demand to maintain high acceleration and clustering to mainstream route 3.1 inverters are core components of photovoltaic systems
Photovoltaic reverse transformers are the heart of a solar photovoltaic system whose main function is to convert the direct-flow electrical transfer of solar cell output into a point of exchange, to be integrated into a grid or for load use, and to have maximum power tracking (mppt) and maximum solar cell performance and photovoltaic system protection.
The efficiency of conversion directly affects the efficiency of solar photovoltaic power generation, and its useful life is directly related to the useful life of photovoltaic power systems, ultimately affecting the rate of return on investment in photovoltaic power plant projects.
In accordance with the technical route of the PV inverter, it is possible to divide the PV inverter into the following categories: a centralized inverter, a cluster inverter and a mini-reverser. 1) The PV inverter is a combination of many parallel PV groups to the same centralized rectangular input end, followed by maximum power peak tracking, and then incorporated into the grid by a reverse invert, single capacity.
A centralized inverter, usually over 500kw, with a narrow maximum power of the centralized inverter tracking voltage, less flexible configuration of the components, short power generation time, high single-body power, low cost, applicable to a concentrated ground with even light light, large photovoltaic power station: 2) a series of inverters is a single maximum power tracking of several groups of photovoltaic sequences.
Reversely, then integrated into the exchange grid, with a single capacity generally below 100kw, the maximum power of a chain inverter tracking voltage wide, the flexible configuration of the component, the long generation time, mainly for distributed power generation systems, which can also be used in a cluster of medium photovoltaic power systems; 3) microrevertents generally below 1kw, which can be used for each block.
The components have their own maximum power tracking control and are expensive. 3.2 series inverters become mainstream routes. The series inverters have multiple paths, mppt, and are easier to transport.
The advantage of a modular design with a direct flow end with a multi-routine mppt function, a communication end and a network, is that it is not influenced by interstring modular differences and shadows, while reducing the mismatch between the best workpoints of the PV cell and the inverter, and maximizing the increase in the generation of electricity.
In addition, the group inverter malfunctions are accurately and efficiently located and the feed is more simple and reliable. The group inverters bring themselves to the chain level.
In view of the market pattern, the cluster inverter has become the mainstream route and the city’s share will continue to rise. Depending on the advantages of a system that is more flexible in design, with lower losses at the time of failure, and lower life-cycle maintenance costs, the chain is influenced by factors such as a system’s more flexible design, lower losses at the time of the failure, and lower life-cycle maintenance costs.
Reversers have been widely used in various scenarios, starting to exceed the central inverse in 2017, and the market rate continues to rise. According to the gtmresearch report, the global three-phase inverse in 2017 was 46gw, a 49% increase, close to 4gw above the centralized inverter in 2018: the serial inverter in 2018.
It reached 52gw, with 58% of the city ' s share (9% of the one-time share and 47% of the third). According to the Road Map for the Development of the Photovoltaic Industry, a chain inverter is also the absolute mainstream in China ' s market, reaching 3.3 + replacement demand double-wheel drive in 2019, and the inverter is about to accelerate growth.
Reverse change needs are rapidly expanding and will reach 45gw in 2025. In general, the conventional string photovoltaic converter has a useful life of about 10 years, while the large ground power station has a life of about 20 years, and the inverter needs to be replaced at half the life of the power station. In the case of dry reverse change, we measure the photovoltaic loader stock 10 years ago.
Clean energy became a global consensus, and the inverter entered a fast-growing period. By 2020, the global invertor demand is estimated to reach 133gw, of which 31gw for domestic inverters, 102gw for overseas inverters, and 102gw for global inverse.
The market size of the transformer was 39.9 billion yuan, of which the domestic market size was 4.7 billion yuan, the overseas market size was 35.2 billion yuan; the global demand for the transformer was 455gw by 2025, of which the domestic demand was 143gw and the overseas demand for the reverse was 312gw; and the domestic market size was 83.2 billion yuan, of which the domestic demand was 83.2 billion yuan.
The market size is 15.9 billion yuan, and the market size of the overseas reversor is 67.3 billion yuan. 3.4 has a clear advantage for the inverter.
Tables, which are world-class in terms of product technology, reliability, financing, and after-sales services, are well received by domestic and foreign power station developers and financial institutions. Moreover, the cost advantages of domestic inverters are clear, for example, sun power sources and sma, with an average cost of 0.24 yuan/w in 2019 and a cost of 0.54/w in Sma; and sunlight power.
With high value for money, branding, financing and excellent after-sales services, the national product inverter gradually moved from national production to accelerated seafall, with the national product inverter in 2012 accounting for only 9 per cent of the global market and the national production inverse in 2019.
Fifty-eight per cent of all top2 companies are Chinese enterprises, with China accounting for 22 per cent and Sunshine 13 per cent respectively. After 531 in 2018, the national production inverters, on the one hand, maintained rapid R & D overlaps and, on the other hand, accelerated deployment of the overseas high Māori market, and the future inversion in the foreign market will continue to grow.
4. Strong R & D +no.1 brand, reversioner booming, 4.1 technology is deep, branding the first company in the world is very deep and product efficiency leads. Reverser technology is still in the process of continuous rotation, and it stays ahead.
Technology research and high-intensity R & D inputs are the backbone of the enterprise. The firm attaches great importance to technological innovation, accounting for nearly 42% of its research and development staff in 2019. It has taken up over 20 major national science and technology projects, led a number of national standards, and was one of the very few firms in the industry with a number of autonomous core technologies.
With continued high R & D inputs, companies are leading the industry in terms of product performance, using new semiconductor materials such as sic, gan, high-efficiency magnetic devices, high-performance dsps, five-power-equal and high-efficiency new high-tech technology, leading to a continuous increase in the inverter efficiency, which is now 99 per cent of the full-line efficiency of companies.
The brand has been the world's first in two consecutive years. With a full range of high-quality products, full localization support, long-term reliability, and many other advantages, sunlight power has been recognized by more global clients: The 2020 Values of Components and Inverters Report, released by Bloomberg's New Energy Finances (bnef), shows that companies have been associated for two consecutive years with “the world's most financing-value-reverse brands.”
The champion, the only reverse business that all participants have identified as “bankable.” Sungrow has become the world’s most financing inverted brand, with photovoltaics using Sunny Power Reversers having easier access to silver bank financing and non-recourse lending.
A number of after-sales service points, companies that continue to strengthen and expand their European and American layouts, and quickly take advantage of emerging market channels, 1) the European sales services network has been further strengthened, with a well-developed network of technical support and marketing services, 2) the company is the largest in the Americas as a "group plus concentration" inverter supplier; ranking first in the distributed market in Brazil...is the best in the region.
South-East Asia, with up to 40 per cent of the market share in Viet Nam, has the highest market share: in Thailand, Malaysia and the Philippines, about 30 per cent of the market share is ranked first in the local market; and in Australia, households account for more than 20 per cent of households, making them an option for an increasing number of Australian households.
4.2 The reversor has expanded and the volume of overseas shipments has grown rapidly, and the company has a strong leader. The company is the country's first firm to develop and produce retrotransformation products. From 2015, for the first time ever, the volume of goods went beyond the sma company, which ranked first in the world for many years, and became the global photovoltaic reversor.
By the end of June 2020, companies in the top two companies, with about 30% of domestic and about 15% of foreign markets, had been sold in bulk to more than 120 countries and territories around the world, and by the end of June 2020, they had accumulated an inverse equipment load of over 120gw in the global market. As a result of the impact of the 531 policy and price decline, the company ' s inverse harvest fell in 2018, 2018.
The company’s inverser growth has accelerated the expansion of the high Maori overseas market, with the sale of the inverter 16.4gw in 2019, an increase of 9 per cent compared to the previous year: operating income of $3.94 billion, an increase of 7 per cent compared to the previous year. The company’s performance in the third quarter was high, and we expect the company to benefit from an increase in the windfall and the share of the overseas city, with the expectation that sales of the inverter will reach 28.7gw throughout the year.
Overseas exports have grown rapidly, benefiting from a contraction in the reversible business, with a market share expected to reach the highest level in the world. Since 2016, companies have continued to increase the layout of Europe, America, and emerging markets, along with their improved overseas channels, and their share in Europe, America, and emerging markets has continued to rise, with their overseas reverters arriving in 2019.
9gw, 88% more than the previous year, with a three-year compound increase of 95%. China withdrew from the United States market under United States sanctions, and in the first half of the year there was a shortage of spare parts.
In terms of the total volume of shipments, the total amount of shipments from solar power is $189 million (including Indian industrial plants), ranked first at $123 million, second at $58 million, and third at $6353.08mw. The total volume of exports from solar power is ranked first at 4266.63mw.
Indian factories deliver 1910mw, totalling 6176.63mw, second in rank, and Gurevat exports 1698.96mw, third in rank. The company’s photovoltaic inverters are expected to reach 28.7gw in 2020, and the company’s reverse inflow is expected to be the number one in the world this year.
Figure 22: Overseas shipments, January-May 2020 (US$ billion) Figure 21: Rapid growth in sales of Sunshine Power Overseas Reversers 5. Prospective storage potential and high growth in corporate storage capacity
Diversified demand for electricity drives the growth of storage power. The storage system has the capability of peak-filling, load-reconciliating systems that are effective in improving power generation efficiency and reducing the cost of electricity use. In the emerging energy Internet, the power storage technology will be combined with the widespread application of microgrids and electric vehicles, as a result of the massive access of renewable and distributed energy sources to large power grids.
It is a crucial link for coordinating these applications, and the storage chain will be a key node for the entire energy Internet. As the demand for electricity is diversified, the storage application landscape is gradually diversified, it can be divided into the power side, the power side, the user side, the demand for diversity on the user side in recent years, including peak-filling, 5g-based stations and idc, among other things, power.
According to cnesa, by 2019, the cumulative capacity of the global project was 184.6gw, an increase of 1.9 per cent from the previous year, with the largest cumulative loader of the pumping energy, which was 171.0gw.
The cumulative load of lithium ion batteries was the largest of all types of electrochemical storage technologies, with 8453.9mw. The cumulative load of China's submitted storage project was 32.4gw (containing physical, electrochemical and thermal) by 2019, an increase of 3.6%.
Of these, the cumulative load size of the electrochemical storage project was 1709.6mw, an increase of 59.4% from the previous year, and remained rapidly increasing. With the rapid decline in the costs of batteries and bos, the economics of the electrochemical storage will become increasingly evident, potential markets will be large and, according to Bnef, the global storage project will accumulate by 2040.
With the annual rise in the share of renewable power generation, the pressure on electricity modulation and balance is increasing, and there is a consensus in the industry that the allocation of reserves will reduce the drop-out rate.
Since then, the provinces of Fujian, Hubei, Shandong, and Inner Mongolia have issued successive programmes and declarations for the construction of wind power, photovoltaic power generation in 2020, which have explicitly encouraged new energy power plant deployments and offered priority support for new energy generation projects.
As of the first half of 2020, 13 electricity generating groups in the country had released 33 photovoltaic and wind distribution energy projects, including 19 photovoltaic projects with an installed capacity of 2.1gw and a configuration capacity of approximately 220mw; 14 wind power projects with a installed capacity of 0.95gw and a configuration capacity of approximately 162mw.
On 2 June, the Shanxi Power Company issued its Discharge Opinion on the proposed photovoltaic project for 2020, which recommended that the new photovoltaic project should take into account, in a coordinated manner, a full-industry chain project with a certain load of electricity, equipped with 15-20% of the storage capacity to implement the compulsor agreement!
5.2 The primary storage facilities are pcs and batteries. Complete electrical and chemical storage systems are made up mainly of batteries, battery management systems (bms), energy management systems (ems), storage energy transformers (pcs) and other electrical equipment. Battery is the most important component of storage systems:
Battery management systems are primarily responsible for battery monitoring, assessment, protection, balancing, etc.: energy management systems are responsible for data collection, network monitoring, energy scheduling, etc.: storage energy transformers can control the charge and discharge process of storage batteries.
Tables, based on pcs layout storage cells, storage systems and storage energy projects; batteries, represented by Biadi, Ningde and Pythrotechnics, are based on power core energy storage. According to cnesa, China ' s new delivery of electrical storage energy project in 2019, the top 10 power-scale storage system integrators are: solar power sources, ground electronics, etc.
Heiboth, Kubo Energy, Lions Technology, Nandu Power, Shanghai Electric Power, Wise Century, Smart Light Reserve, and Nanxia's successor. Figure 24: China's energy storage system integrator ranking in 2019
5.3 The company is a national reservoir leader and a high-speed growth in storage power. In 2006, Sun power formally engaged in storage power and delivered the first storage equipment to Japan, and the autonomously developed storage transformer sc50 was first applied to the industrial energy system.
Sunshine Power has asked ibm to undertake a new round of strategic planning for it. The storage business has been one of the priority directions for the future, based on an in-depth understanding of industrial demand, market dynamics, and industry policies. In May 2015, the company, in collaboration with the Tristar Sdi Cutting Club, created the Three Stars Sun (three star sdi holding 65% shares, solar power).
In February, Sunshine Power signed an equity transfer agreement with the Tristar Sdi Corporation to purchase three-star sdi stock.
The company now holds a stake in Sunshine, Sunshine, Sunshine, and 65% of Sunshine. The company ' s product spectrum continues to be optimized to cover the energy type, power type, and other types of storage applications ranging from 0.5c to 4c.
The company's power transformer sc630tl successfully passed the high-low voltage test at the China Electric Science Research Institute... became the first storage energy transformer in the country to pass the test under the recharge mode; the direct-flow transformer sd250hv applied to the light storage direct flow coupling system was successfully certified in North America through the North American csa and gained access to North America, including Canada.
The company has a reputation in the storage industry and has been awarded “the most influential company in China's storage industry in 2019” and “the best system in China's storage industry in 2019”
Solution Providers, “The Best pcs Providers in China's Storage and Energy Industry in 2019”, “Top10 Models of Innovation Technology Innovation in the International Storage and Innovation Competition” and “The Global Storage and Energy System Integrator Award in 2019.” Sun power storage transformers and systems integration markets were ranked first in China's volume as of June 2020.
At the bottom, there are more than 1,000 major global storage system projects involving solar power sources, widely applied in many countries, such as China, the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, Japan, Australia, and India, with companies rapidly increasing their share of overseas storage capacity markets. In North America, the share of commercial storage energy in solar power was 15% in 2019, exceeding 2020h1.
20%; in Australia, with deep cooperation with distributors, the solar power household light storage system was only 10% in 2019, and the rate in 2020h1 was over 20%. With falling storage battery prices and the company’s continued expansion of the overseas market, the company’s storage business has been growing rapidly since 2018, and the savings have been running since the first half of 2020.
With the 100 billion market for hydrolysis hydrogen, the company's layout is leading by 6.1 national policy support, the hydrogen fuel cell industry is expected to increase several times in size, and China's support for hydrogen fuel cell development is in a step-by-step state, and we have established “863” since 2001
The project, which identifies a three-way and three-way strategy with pure electric power, mixed electric power and hydrogen fuel cells, and a three-way vehicle with multiple energy power combined to control, drive power generators and power batteries. As the fuel cell industry matures, China’s planning framework and strategic fixes in the field of fuel cells have emerged recently.
On 21 September, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Information and Technology, the Ministry of Science and Technology and the Department of Energy, among others, jointly issued the Circular on the Implementation of Model Fuel Cell Vehicle Applications (fiscal construction [2020] 394), adjusted the policy on subsidies for the acquisition of fuel cell vehicles to a fuel cell vehicle demonstration support policy, and developed key core technologies for fuel cell vehicles for eligible urban groups
Incentives are given for industrialization and demonstration applications, resulting in a new model for fuel cell development that is well-structured, focused, and synergized. Based on model targets for fuel cell cars and a system for evaluating their urban population, model city subsidies are given at a maximum of 17,000 points, with a one-point reward of 100,000 yuan, corresponding to a total incentive of 1.7 billion yuan.
A total of 17 billion dollars (4 years) in total, compared to 2,833 fuel cell vehicles in 2019, with a total countervailing value of $11.3 billion, the total real subsidy for the fuel cell industry will rise significantly, and the corresponding industry will rise in size.
The country's regions, which are represented by hydrogen-rich advantages, more power outages or industry leaders, have focused on fuel cell development, multi-dwelling cities, the construction of hydrogen-energy industrial parks, hydrogen-energy towns and industrial clusters, and the promotion of fuel-cell public transport and logistics vehicle demonstration operations, for example, 18 urban groups have declared hydrogen-energy demonstration cities.
In Beijing, Shanghai and Guangdong, respectively, the latest hydrogen energy industry plan, the Beijing City Hydrogen Fuel Cell Automotive Development Plan (2020-2025), proposes to develop 5-10 hydrogen fuel cells with international influence by 2025.
By 2023, the Shanghai Fuel Cell Automobile Industry Development Project had achieved the goal of “100 Stations, Billions, Million Cars”, planning for close to 100 hydrogen-filling stations and over 30 operating stations, generating an output of about $100 billion, and pushing it.
The Guangdong Accelerating Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicle Industry Implementation Programme provides for the roll-out of helium fuel cell vehicles to accelerate planning for helium-based stations and multi-channel increases for helium 6.2 fuel cell costs will fall beyond expectations and the long-term industry will reach trillion.
China ' s fuel cell industry chain is in the fast track, with 30 per cent of the fuel cell system produced nationally in 2017, only systems integration, bipolar panels, and dcdc, with other parts and components dependent on imports. The fuel cell system in 2020 was manufactured nationally at about 60 per cent, and reactors, membrane electrodes, air pressurers and wetters were autonomously controlled; helium cycle pumps,
Gas diffusion layers, catalysts, and proton exchange membrane links are all in the process of accelerating research and development, and national production rates are expected to continue to rise. Thanks to the domesticization of the fuel cell industry chain, fuel cell costs and sales prices have declined rapidly.
/kw, price falls are much higher than expected. According to estimates, the average cost of industrial fuel cell systems and reactors in 2018 was $11214/kw, $3920/kw: the average cost of systems and reactors in 2021 is expected to be $3827/kw, $1,700/kw, respectively, with a cost reduction of about 60 per cent over the period.
Figure 29: Fuel cell reactors and system cost projections
The low demand for stations is the best case scenario for the development of fuel cells, where helium fuel cells will start in commercial vehicles, while diesel engines in commercial vehicles for the long term can be replaced by hydrogen fuel cells, and forward applications will be extended to transport (by vehicles, commercial vehicles, ships and trains), power generation and storage.
In the White Paper, hydrogen energy will be an important component of China’s energy system in the future, with an estimated 60 million tons of hydrogen demand by 2050, with an annual economic output of more than 10 trillion yuan.
The demand for hydrogen is huge, with a long-term demand of 60 million tons. China produced about 21 million tons of hydrogen in 2018, accounting for 2.7 per cent of total energy at the end. According to the China Hydrogen Energy Alliance, by 2030, the demand for hydrogen in China will reach 35 million tons and consumption in the energy system will reach 5 per cent; hydrogen will be the final source of energy in China by 2050.
The system has reached at least 10%, the hydrogen gas demand is close to 60 million tonnes, and the industrial chain is worth 12 trillion yuan annually. It has tons of hydrogen, 1.1 billion tonnes of hydrogen in buildings and other areas.
The best form of hydrogen production is renewable energy electrolysis. On the one hand, carbon emissions from hydrogen production can be significantly eliminated and a new, truly clean energy system constructed. On the other hand, as solar and wind energy storage needs are significantly increased, short-cycle storage will not be able to meet the large amounts of hydrogen generated by renewable energy systems that are stable.
Combined with hydrogen storage technologies, this can provide long-term seasonal storage energy for power systems. For example, wind-based hydrogen storage technologies, when wind power is sufficient but cannot access the Internet and needs to be discarded, use wind power to extract hydropower into helium gas (and oxygen) and store helium gas; when electricity is needed, stored helium gas is stored in different ways (inner combustion engines, fuel cells or their own).
The Ministry of Hydrogen Energy was created to actively deploy the wind-optic electrolytic hydrogen. The Department of Hydrogen Energy was established in 2019, and a demonstration base for helium-based multi-module systems was installed in the Sunshine Garden, including 647.28 kw photovoltaic systems,
230kwh storage system, 1 100nm3/h hydrogen plant and 50kw hydrogen fuel cell power generation system. The company has now signed several photovoltaic helium demonstration projects and is increasing its research and development investment.
A strategic cooperation agreement was signed for the industrialization of hydrogen, and a joint laboratory for the “pem electrolytic hydrogen technology” was set up, with the approval of some of the key technologies for the production of hydrogen in pem, in which the two sides cooperated in depth in the advanced pem electrolytic hydrogen technology, the integration of renewable energy and electrolytic hydrogen, and the optimization of hydrogen production systems.
The potential for electrolytic hydrogen is enormous, and companies have hundreds of billions of dollars in potential. There is a potential for renewable hydrogen production, with companies benefiting from the future demand for electrolytic hydrogen equipment, and the future industry of electrolytic hydrogen equipment amounting to hundreds of billions of dollars. On the other hand, companies will move quickly to industrialize the green hydrogen product and become solutionrs for hydrogen storage.
Tons, hydrogen could reach at least 10 per cent of China ' s end-use energy system in 2050, and hydrogen demand was close to 60 million tons: assuming 5 million tons of electrolytic hydrogen in 2030 and 20 million tons of electrolytic hydrogen in 2050; 2) 10 million yuan per table per unit for 1,000 nm3/h electrolytic hydrogen equipment in 2030, 1,000 nm3/h electrolysis in 2050
Hydrogen-making equipment of 5 million yuan/teams, which have been measured to reach 1,256 billion yuan in 2030 and 251.1 billion yuan in 2050.
The company has settled in the field of renewable energy for more than 20 years, and the technology has accumulated in such a way that it relies on advanced electrical and electronic technology, development, design, construction, and intelligent transport to provide holistic solutions that cover the entire life cycle of the project. The company’s project type covers various applications and actively explores innovative models of “photovolta” and has been successful in participating in the Beijing Olympic nests and on top of them.
Many major photovoltaic projects, such as the Sea Expo, the national “to the countryside” project, the national “photo-alleviation” project, the national distributed photovoltaic power demonstration area, the national “photo-leader” programme, etc.
Sunshine power is one of China's first companies to participate in the development of the West Desert power plant.
To promote the construction of “all-way” to improve the ecological environment, to achieve ecological and economic coordination of the hill power station and to complete the many projects of the mountain photovoltaic power station, which are complex terrain and difficult to construct, provide innovative models for the integrated use of new energy sources in the country.
A major contribution has been made by development: land pollution management, integrated use of power plants, integrated use of power stations for geological disaster management.
• Innovative development of integrated use technologies for disaster management, with the creation of a multiplicity of experiments in land pollution management in Anhui and Shanxi, actively promoting life through plant-specific seed demonstration projects while increasing the value of integrated use of power plants
Plantation, the achievement of changes in soil cover, increased soil organic matter, improved soil ring protection, industrial restructuring, etc., provides new and replicable ideas for integrated land pollution management.
Agro-lights complement each other, fishing lights complement each other, and by integrating technological innovations and scientific stimuli to optimize the cultivation of photovoltaics and agriculture.
Combined with a deep accumulation of designs, the design, selection, etc. of power plants are better integrated and more efficient, using limited resources to create greater value. Optimization of the agricultural sector has resulted in an overall increase in the value of the combined use of water power plants and the realization of water.
Technological, industrial, intellectual and coordinated economic, resource and environmental development.
To actively explore the characteristics of natural resources and strategic economic resources on forested lands, and to make full use of the experience of research and development in multi-sphere applications to effectively address drifting through technological innovations.
The construction of floating power plants is a challenge to ensure their efficient operation with optimal solutions. It is compatible with achieving socio-economic and eco-efficiency benefits.
Corporate power stations have been integrated with experience and service areas covering both domestic and foreign mainstream and emerging markets. As of 2020h1, companies have accumulated the development of photovoltaic and wind power plants over 12gw, flowering across the country's 28 provinces and cities, price-neutral projects, over 3.5gw, and over 2.5gw, solar family photovoltaic, etc.
Over 150,000 users. In addition, the company integrated offshore systems in the markets of Viet Nam, Australia, South Korea, the Philippines, Indonesia, Chile, Brazil, India, Bangladesh, South Africa, and several countries and regions to break the ice, and three power stations in Viet Nam, Yongqin and Sining, have been successfully connected to the grid; three power stations in the Australian market have been completed; and the market in Bangladesh has been completed.
With photovoltaic power entering the era of parity, the company’s power station system integration operations are expected to continue to grow at a high rate. In the first half of the year 2020, the company’s power station system collected 3,627 million yuan, a 52% increase from the same year, maintaining rapid growth; and 2020h1 Māori.
The rate of 7.27 per cent, a decline of 16.26 pct compared to the same period last year, is due mainly to lower electricity prices and the impact of the epidemic in the first half of the year, a decline in the Māori rate for domestic power station integration operations, and a future increase in Māori rates as downstream orders resume, with corporate reverse brands, channels and product forces world-class, and corporate reverses rising at both sea and abroad.
We expect that most of the company's operations will continue to grow at a faster rate, with the following splits: 1) the share of the photovoltaic reverse transformer abroad continues to rise and sales are growing rapidly, with the company projected to reverse 2020-2022.
(1) Increased competition has led to higher than expected price declines for inverse transformers; (2) less than expected light voltage of additional loaders; and (3) storage capacity to produce the present report independently and objectively, with the author's diligent professional attitude and with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. I am committed to reporting using data from compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author's professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.