The aigc era, global ai server dragons, wave information (000977.sz) has a lot to offer.
The eventchatgpt detonates the ai concept, aigc enters the Development Year, ai technology enters the U Xianjin a downstream application scene, and bottom-level computing needs are secured.chatgpt detonates the ai
The concept, aigc enters the Development Year, ai technology enters the Development Fast Track. We believe that arithmetic, algorithms, data are the basis for the development of ai, no matter how the ai technology itself unfolds, no matter where the downstream application is located, there is no room for bottom-level computing.
The technology and scenery of Lee will start with the big Internet plant, where capital spending is expected to rise, and the wave will be the central beneficiary. From overseas, the big plants like Microsoft, Google, Apple, etc.
We believe that home-grown aigc technologies are still at the forefront of Internet head-makers with technological and capital advantages, wave servers and tethers. Internet vendors are bound up and are expected to benefit from higher capital spending by Internet producers.
We are looking at the growth in demand in the server sector, which, according to the data from the idc, is very competitive.
In 2021, the company ranked second in the global server industry, with 9.4 per cent in the stock market; in the domestic server industry, the company was a well-deserved leader, accounting for 31.4 per cent in 2021, higher than the second-third-higher Chinese and Xinhua-based servers.
On the other hand, the idc data show that in 2021, the global market for i-servers was $15.6 billion (approximately RMB 10.6 billion), with a wave information market share of 20.9 per cent and a 3.6 per cent increase in the same year, with sales increasing by 68.3 per cent and maintaining global markets first;
In the Chinese market, wave-ai servers account for 52.4%, maintaining a market share of more than 50% for China-ai servers for five consecutive years. The Division has developed over a long period of time, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Manager. With a second-tier market experience and a long-term focus on science and technology corporate research, the University of Sydney joined the Chinese Galaxy Portfolio in 2019, mainly in computer/constructor investment studies.