vr was on the same line as the future Gore shares (002241), vr engines installed, and the company crossed into the new track. Company 2q21 received $16.26 billion, which is an increase.
78.7 per cent long, net profit for mothers is 770 million, increase by 57.2 per cent, net profit for non-mothers is 810 million, and growth is high. The following is a detailed analysis of the operations:
Zero-component operations are more relevant to smartphone shipments, and according to the advisory body omdia, the global smartphone industry is expected to reach about 1,372 million shipments in 2021, an increase of about 6 per cent. Companies are actively expanding non-cell-type operations, such as sip system-grade containment modules, vr light.
In the future, as the company continues to function at ar/vr and as intelligently wears the entire machine, the fine zero plate will continue to grow robustly and will become less cyclically influenced by smartphones.
The smart sound machine, 2q21, collects $6.4 billion, an increase of 67.1 per cent over the previous report, as we have emphasized: Gore's share of a client's tws headphones is increasing, product structure is upgrading, Liu Chilai Research Assistant
The tws headphones business is still expected to generate a positive and sustained contribution to the company.a Clients tws headphones are being updated to expect the growth momentum of the update cycle, and a client's headphones and smart sounds have greater potential to exploit.
The smart hardware business of 2q21 collects $6.7 billion, a significant increase of 180.8 per cent. Ring growth is 48.7 per cent. The company's big vr client o has continued to sell with a corresponding increase in the number of vr production lines in Gore, and the corresponding additional production capacity is gradually coming out in three quarters, with the return season and black five in the second half of the year.
In recent years, Facebook has been active in the area of vr, except for the construction of a bomb.
In addition to the quest 2 of the Quarterly Review, the vr content area has continued to be active, with successive purchases of game workers
In addition, facebook acquired content development capabilities on the first side, similar to Roblox 2020.07.14 - In-depth reports, the metaspace platform crayta, recently released the vr remote office application horizon
2020.08.21 - Workrooms, games + office applications combined to create vr cosmopolitan layouts.
As a result of the increase in the share of 2q21 assembly-type operations in the company’s financial indicators. With the advent of the e-consumption season in the second half of the year, the company’s capacity to use 2021.04.22-2021 is reported for the first quarter of the year.
At the same time, the 2q21 inventory remained at $9.32 billion for three consecutive quarters, while managing costs.
Itd Building No. 1 of the 9th House of Gossipune Street in Beijing City West Side, is more robust and reflects the results of the company's reduced fees.
Virtual reality and high input in the areas of acoustics, optical sciences, etc., cost 840 million dollars per quarter of R & D, 31.6% more than in the previous quarter, to develop a long-term reserve power for the company.
The fields of science, optical science, mems microelectronics, etc., have built up industry-led precision manufacturing capabilities with innovative competitive advantages. Through cross-cutting integration technologies, sophisticated zero components such as acoustics, optical, microelectronics, structural components are provided from id design, R & D, testing, to automated production.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: based on a long-term view of the vr track, we make a partial increase in the profit margin.
It is clear that companies are able to continuously capture the innovation nexus, build one-stop sophisticated manufacturing platform-type enterprises that maintain a “buy-in” rating of companies.
Figure 2: Gore Quarterly Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates - Operating Income (billions) Figure 3: Gore Share Period Cost Rates
Figure 4: Gore share R & D costs versus R & D cost rates Figure 6: Gore shares quarterly net profits and operating net cash flows Figure 5: Gore shares quarterly receipts and operating cash flows
Figure 7: Gore stock inventory and inventory swing days Figure 8: Gole share accounts receivable and swing days
Semiconductors and consumer electronics chains. Also a sponsor of the country’s well-known semiconductor business incubator platform, 10 coffees, assisted a number of semiconductor companies in winning the third place in the 19-year new wealth electronics industry; 2/3 in the 18/19 Crystalball electronics industry; and 3/2 in the 18/19 Golden Bull Award in the electronics industry.
Li Xiaoqing, M.A. from Wuhan University, joined the south-west securities in 2018, the Sunda securities in 2020, covering mainly crystal-crylic mills, digital chips, and radio frequencies, as well as a combination of panels and smart machines. Liu Chilai, Master of Finance from Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined the Sunda securities in 2020, covering vrar, optical, storage plates.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has approved. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.