With a friendly network computer (600588), it's been well restructured and cloud operations have made their way through the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: Companies published annual reports for 2021, generating operating income of $8.93 billion, an increase of 4.7 per cent over the same period; Net return to mothers of $710 million, a decrease of 28.2 per cent over the same period, taking into account the critical phase of the transformation of the company's business structure, the adaptation of traditional software operations and financial services to influence the reporting data to a certain extent, a critical cloud.
During the reporting period, companies took the initiative to shrink their traditional software industries, displacing financial services, speeding up cloud transformation strategies, and structural enhancement of public subscriptions.
The Division's Cloud+ Software achieved revenue of $8.64 billion, an increase of 15.7 per cent over the previous year, of which the software business generated revenue of $3.32 billion, a decrease of 18.0 per cent over the same period; the cloud business income reached $5.321 billion, an increase of 55.5 per cent over the previous year, rising to 61.6 per cent, an increase of 15.8 pp over the same period, exceeding the software business for the first time and becoming the company's owner.
97.9 per cent, the cloud subscription-related contract liability amounted to $850 million, an increase of 79.0 per cent over the same period, and the key indicators of cloud services all achieved high growth and laid the foundation for continued recognition of subsequent revenues.
1) Large enterprises: sustained succession of yonbip and nccloud flagship products, maintaining the market advantage of large enterprises, achieving a 45% increase in the value of over 5 million large orders and a revenue from cloud services of $3.73 billion, an increase of 45.4% in the same year) medium-sized enterprises: yonsuite,
u9c and u8c formed a strong product mix, with a major breakthrough in the market for medium-sized enterprises, with revenues from cloud services amounting to $390 million, an increase of 150.3 per cent over the same period)
10 provincial large-scale financial cloud markets, with revenues from cloud services amounting to $680 million, an increase of 50.0 per cent over the same period.
The core technological competitiveness of the flagship products is expected to be further enhanced by three R & D centre construction projects, 73 million yuan to replenish liquidity and return bank loans. In addition, the company issued a return purchase announcement on 21 March, bringing the total value of the repurchase of shares to $61 billion, which will be used for future employee incentives and will be conducive to entry.
In the context of a strategy of nationalization and digitization, corporate intelligence products offer significant development opportunities; at the same time, performance is excellent, and subsequent income growth and quality are expected to increase further.
13 times the size of the company’s cloud business and 30 times the size of the traditional software business, combined with the company’s target city of 2022, increased competition in the industry, etc..1 Business software and service pilot, innovative intellectual platform future
Founded in 1988 and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2001, it is the leading global provider of corporate cloud services and software, committed to promoting business and social progress with creativity and technology. It has been on the cutting edge of computer technology for 33 years.
Tens of thousands of companies of different sizes provide information-based and intellectual corporate cloud service platforms and solutions, with more than 230 branches and 10,000 ecological partners worldwide. Times (1988-1997): companies are committed to accounting computing by providing financial software services; 2) friends
2.0 Ages (1998-2015): company information development through erp (enterprise resource plan management system) software service enterprises; 3) Friends 3.0 Age (2016-present): company focus on three major business lines: “Software, cloud services, finance”, formalizing cloud transformation, and service enterprise digitalization through a new generation of digital and intelligent corporate cloud platforms; 2020 B.C.
The Division’s official online business innovation platform, yombip, marks the start of the friendly 3.0-11 strategic phase, with cloud services moving from product service mode to platform service mode. As the industrial age evolves to the Internet age, digitalization evolves from a corporate advantage to a necessary development path for business survival, with the need for information and intelligence in China’s business software and business services industries.
The more complex and customized the company’s strategies are, the more closely aligned with the market’s current and even future needs, creating a unique business ecological platform. Equity is relatively stable, and long-term incentives work well.
Sir, having been in the Treasury Department of the State Council for more than 40 years, the farming industry has held approximately 37.48 per cent of the shares in the public sector in an indirect form, and the concentration of shares has stabilized. Since 2017, companies have implemented annual equity incentive schemes to boost their workforce while contributing to the development of company values.
Extreme. In the latest stock incentive plan for 2021, the target audience covered 2076 senior managers and cadres of companies, representing more than 10% of registered staff; the test was based on the sum of “software business income” in 2019 and “coated services business receipts”, with a growth rate of no less than 20% in the sum of software plus cloud operations in 2021, and software plus 2022
The company’s “software + cloud” operation achieved revenue of $8.64 billion in 2021, compared to a 2019 increase of 20.59%, and the first performance appraisal was successfully completed.
A number of related policies, such as the 14th Five-Year Digital Economic Development Plan, clearly state that the core industries of the digital economy will add up to 10% of GDP in 2025, and that the need and urgency to promote digitalization and digital industrialization will be further strengthened in the article entitled "Doing more than you can do" .
According to idc, 50% of China’s top 1,000 firms in 2018, turning digital into an enterprise strategy, a large number of large state-owned and private enterprises are accelerating their digital transformation. In China’s digitalization wave, the difficulties and characteristics of the digital transformation of different enterprises are also due to their nature and level of development.
(1) Large enterprises: through digital innovation, the hope is to address the core problems facing supply chains, marketing, finance and manpower, to consolidate existing business resources, optimize structures, connect up and down the industrial chain, aggregate strong eco-symbiotic models of resources, such as enterprises, products, users, etc., and large corporate systems need strategic, long-term digital solutions; 2)
Growing enterprises: The ultimate goal of their digital transformation is to develop more competitive advantages, and its management model is faster and more flexible, and it can be rapidly digitized through the cloud, but it is less resilient to the risks of growing enterprises and is naturally sensitive to the business environment than large enterprises, with digital transformation presenting “business and management innovation + digital technology”
Multi-wheel drive: 3) Micro-enterprises: Not only are the main forces that absorb employment, but also the vital “live forces” that encourage innovation, investment and consumption. During the epidemic, the state uses its policy empowerment to lead micro-enterprises out of the “state of disease” with a view to digitalization, providing inclusive services for the digital transformation of a large number of small-, medium-sized and micro-enterprises.
The environment, among others, is still under some pressure, and cloud services products have the natural advantage of contributing in a cost-effective and efficient manner to the digitization of MSMEs, which will generate more MSMEs markets for cloud services.
In the second year, the focus on the three key tasks of “strength products, access to markets, capacity” will be on a continuous, deep cloud transformation, accelerating the development of a bio-strategy, underpinned by a business innovation platform, bip, bringing together upstream ecological partners, and building a “symbiotic, co-creation, co-promotion” ecosystem to respond quickly to client customization innovation needs.
Different intellectual needs exist, with companies at the corporate level mainly segmenting the product lines of large and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), government and other organizations ' product lines, stratified operations, strategizing in large enterprise markets, national production opportunities, structural strengthening of medium-sized enterprise market services, and a general shift to publicly owned cloud operations in the MSMEs market to fully exploit market potential.
The Chinese flagship, Yonbip+nccloud, is a co-operative solution for all-country production, maintaining a market advantage for large enterprises. The company uses a new generation of information technology to develop forms covering platform services, application services, business services and data services, tools, capabilities, based on the structure of separation based on cloud-based (microservices), metadata drivers, centralization and digital use.
The integration of energy and resource services, the platform for business innovation in enterprises and industries, the eco-based cloud service community yombip, and the integration of the cloudp product nccloud for growth-oriented and large-group enterprises into integrated, intellectual solutions to meet the multi-layered demands of large enterprise markets.
During the reporting period, companies focused on breaking out of mega-enterprises, achieving more than 10 holistic contract breakthroughs at the corporate level, seizing the opportunity for technological upgrading of large firms and applying hot spots in areas such as finance, manpower, and increasing the diffusion of intelligence solutions in vertical sectors such as automobiles, finance, tobacco, telecommunications and wide electricity, and accelerating the promotion of industry cloud services.
Development, with contracts with various industries, such as space science and technology, the National Development Investment Group, the Grand Bank, and various industry labels, expands industry advantage and maintains a leading position. Yonsuite, u9/u8clud form a diversified product matrix that meets the diverse needs of growing firms.
yonsuite is the company’s cloud-based service package for growth-oriented enterprises, covering the six major online services of fiscal, marketing, production, procurement, human and social power, and efficient business management. u9clud is a cloud-based product for discrete manufacturing enterprises, supporting the transformation of growth-based manufacturing enterprises into digital manufacturing; and u8clud is for multi-organization small groups and services.
The new generation of cloudp products representing innovative and growing enterprises has focused on the creation of integrated industrial fiscal solutions for multi-organised small groups, which again divide medium-sized markets, refine demand and bring about a structural reversal of firm competition in medium-sized enterprise customer markets.
During the reporting period, the company u9/u8clud, which is based on a breakdown of products, fully matches the needs of its customers and captures the manufacturing industry and makes the first place in the production of the cloud. ; yosuite, the country’s first-ever, integrated growth business, saas, was awarded the Chinese cloud’s best-counted Yunwon saas service award, adding nearly 3,000 new clients and successfully signing the Jiangsu Ututu stock.
Figure 5: Diversity of product lines of medium-sized enterprises, micro and small business clouds, t+clud focus on the two main areas of micro and small enterprise intelligence tax and smart business, providing a soft and hard niche
Integrated cloud services solutions. In 2010, the company established the Free and Fast IT Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as "Fair and Free") to provide cloud services to micro-enterprises, which include five major services, good accounting, good business, easy accounting, smart + and small, smart, resourceful, and committed to improving the intellectualization and efficiency of the activities of micro-enterprises in the areas of fiscal, commercial, financing, etc.
Clouds for micro-enterprises provide easy access to traditional software users through the effective association of micro-enterprises with t+cloud, and in the area of taxation around taxation, fiscal intelligence, eco-connection, continuous optimization of the ability to integrate treasury and tax connections.
During the reporting period, a breakthrough in key cloud products was achieved with a total shift to public cloud services, generating income of 596 million yuan, an increase of 15.7 per cent over the previous year, and a higher level of innovation in total revenue, with cloud services generating revenue of 509 million yuan, an increase of 111.2 per cent over the previous year. The number of new pay-for-business users of cloud services reached 180,000, an increase of 201 per cent over the previous year; and cloud services accumulated
In addition, the number of users of fee-paying enterprises reached 397,000. In addition, there was further penetration of local, municipal and county markets, the number of partners increased by more than 2,000 and cumulatively more than 3 million clients of small and medium-sized enterprises; in 2021, the number of successful candidates for Beijing's annual list of “specially qualified” small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs): at the 8th Global Internet Economic Congress of Giec2021, the number of users of the Internet and the number of users of the Internet were increased.
The company’s subsidiary, Beijing’s Soft Company, Inc. (hereinafter “Friendly Government”) is active in finance, finance, social security, health care and people’s affairs.
A breakthrough in business was achieved with the release of grp-a++clud Government financial reports for cloud v8.52, government financial cloud-fund accounts for v8.31, and one for 34,088 vendors, with a cumulative turnover of $12.5 billion. The company's subsidiary, New Path Science and Technology, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “New Path Science and Technology”), focused on the development of institutions' educational operations, the consolidation of industrial resources, cooperation in schools, and the development of intellectual skills.
During the reporting period, friendly governments focused on financial and financial operations and gained access to 10 provincial large-scale financial cloud markets; Deep-farmers: the Ministry of Public Security, the General Customs Administration, the China National Meteorological Service, and the Finance Department of Jiangxi Province, among other important clients, successfully signed contracts.
(a) Large enterprises: yonbip and nccloud have continued, market leadership has been strong, cloud services and software operations together generated $5.87 billion, an increase of 17.0 per cent over the same period, of which cloud services earned $3.74 billion, an increase of 45.4 per cent over the same period; and medium-sized enterprises: yonsuite, u9c and
u8c formed a strong product mix with a major breakthrough in the market for medium-sized enterprises, where cloud services and software operations combined generated revenues of 910 million yuan, an increase of 13.0 per cent over the same period, of which the cloud services sector achieved revenues of 390 million yuan, an increase of 15.3 per cent over the same year; and micro-enterprises: open and open revenue was high, and cloud services and software operations combined generated revenues of 60 million yuan, an increase of 15.7 per cent over the same period.
Of this amount, 510 million yuan was earned by cloud services, representing an increase of 111.2 per cent over the same period; 4) the Government and other organizations: 1.27 billion yuan was earned by cloud services and software, representing an increase of 11.6 per cent over the same period, of which 680 million yuan was earned by cloud services.
Corporate restructuring has begun to bear fruit. Corporate cloud services generated $5.32 billion in revenue in 2021, an increase of 55.5 per cent compared to the previous year, surpassing software business for the first time by 61.6 per cent of the total revenue from cloud services and software operations, up 15.8 per cent from the same period in the previous year.
A total of $1.65 billion in subscription-related contract liabilities increased by 79.0% on a year-on-year basis, laying the foundation for a sustained high rate of growth in company subscription revenues and a continuous upgrading of the corporate business income structure. Taken together, the company gradually diluted the impact of the epidemic on business, the pace of cloud transformation accelerated, and business income achieved in 2021.
During the reporting period, companies phased out their financial services operations and moved towards delivery sub-signing. Outsourcing, which affected part of the income size, increased the quality of income; at the same time, large-scale project orders from companies grew rapidly in the second half of the year, increasing the corresponding delivery cycle, leading to a delay in the recognition of part of the income.
Performance, but with the progressive maturity of company technology and the establishment of ecology, subsequent profits may be well repaired. 1) In terms of profitability and cost rates, 1) profit margins: the Māori ratio of corporate cloud services and software operations reached 61.25%, an increase of 0.20 pp compared to the same period the previous year; net interest rates were 7.64% compared to 4.69 pp compared to the same period last year as a result of year-on-year divestiture and acquisition activities.
2) Cost: In 2021, the company continuously upgraded its marketing organization system, actively expanding its team to increase its client coverage and outreach, adding 611 sales personnel, with a sales cost peaking at 22.7 per cent in five years, and an administrative cost increase R & D continuous addition to ensure the core competitiveness of the product. “Soft products” is one of the company's main current objectives, 2021
During the year, the company actively expanded its research and development team to 7693, an increase of 1,446 persons compared to the beginning of the year, accounting for 26.4 per cent of the total staff, and an increase of 6.80 pp compared to the same period the previous year. The continuous build-up of inputs allowed the company to make several breakthroughs in the fields of cloud technology, cloud power, self-research engines, etc., and has covered more than 10 areas, building more than 2,300 companies.
The industry service application model, which is continuously updated to provide more than 20 industry solutions at a biweekly rate, has reached more than 30 industries and fully meets the demand for individual and multi-organizational growth business services. Figure 16: Significant expansion of corporate research and development teams
1) Traditional software: with the continuation of the “business cloud” trend, the deployment of the traditional locally authorized software has fallen demand, and companies have in recent years been pro-scaling their traditional software business through suspension, lower testing, follow-up operations as a share or advance one (2) cloud services: in the larger context of the digital economy, the digital transformation of industry has been catalyzing at the historical level, adding to the continuing wave of national production
Evolution, firm corporate commitment and promotion of cloud transformation strategies, with significant performance in stratification. Firm leadership in large enterprise markets, strong and fast-paced, flagship lonbip products, promising to take on more mega-enterprise project orders; medium-sized enterprise markets, expected to be structurally strengthened by rapid release of u9c and yonsuite; and micro-enterprise markets.
4. With the continued technological maturity of the product, the release of the added scale effect, the recovery of the company's Māori ratio, prognosis 5) the transformation of the corporate cloud has made breakthrough progress, and will continue to attract people into R&D, marketing to sharpen the product and expand the market, projected R&D, sales, and management subjects.
The rate of growth in industry income has been relatively consistent, and the financial cost rate has declined further. 90-fold, 69-fold, 54-fold, the corresponding ps eight-fold, six-fold, and five-fold, respectively.
Using the ps valuation method for company cloud services, the company cloud service business is expected to earn $8.51 billion in 2022, taking into account the industry average, giving 13 times the market value of the 2022 cloud service business to the cloud service business, which is valued at $11.63 billion.
Thirty times the annual market value of traditional software business, equivalent to $11.4 billion, is added to the internal demand of downstream firms, and the corporate product matrix continues to evolve, with further stratification expected, cloud clothing being covered for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating.
The company’s transformation has not been as expected, large and medium-sized customers have been out of reach, the epidemic has repeatedly affected delivery, and industry competition has intensified. No one has ever received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.