Computer applications, looking at the future of friends from the development of Salesforce, there are two routes that companies have been insisting on: one is an integrated product.
The company consists of traditional products such as the sale of clouds, marketing clouds, guest-serving clouds, business clouds, and new products such as experienceclud, industry clouds. The second route is salesforceplatform:
The development sector, which builds enterprise-level applications and enhances the functionality of the salesforce applications, provides a range of own tools, frameworks and services to help clients and partners build applications quickly.
Total stock/flow (million shares)
and mega-client lines include yonbip and nccloud: for medium-sized customers up to 12 months/minimum ($) household lines include yonsuite and u8clud, u9clud; for small customers
In addition to Yunerp, the company also owns industrial clouds and field cloud products (600588), which include financial clouds, marketing clouds, procurement clouds, and human cloud lines of products.
Increase in intensity, showing high-quality developments -- yonbip is positioned on a business innovation platform. A convenient form of help through cloud service packages 2021/10/30
Enterprise upwind, using an open platform and architecture, based on the Business Centre, Data Center and Technology Friends Network (600588), Cloud Business, with a Focus on Finance/Human Resources/Collaborative/Procurement/Commodity Marketing/ Supply Chain/Computer VII
Leaning the Flowers of Thinking - 2021/08/22 Cloud Services in the Core Areas of Large Enterprises, Uplifting Industry Based on Unified Platforms and Services as a whole, Friends Network (600588) Cloud Operations Rapid Increases
In January 2022, the company issued a report on stock distribution in 2020, which raised $5.3 billion in a public release.
The funds are being collected for the use of the Yonbip project, the 3-phase research and development centre project of the friendly industrial park (Nachang), and for the replenishment of liquid funds and the return of bank loans.
The project to build Taiyonbip is proposed to invest $4.6 billion, and yombip is a flagship product of company cloud services, whose successful distribution will help the company to develop beyond the border. Investment proposal: Yonbip, a friend’s flagship cloud product, will be fully distributed after the build-up.
\triangleright exhibition resources, the company’s cloud products are lined and recognized by large users.
i. salesforce: saas ' s pioneers and leaders (i) Saas pioneers in expanding the industry map through M&A, saas+apaas eco-builders. salesforce was founded in 1999.
Mark Beniov, who was a senior Oracle manager with more than 10 years of experience in the software industry, advanced the idea that the Internet would fundamentally change the software industry, ahead of the world's Laas giants for 5-6 years. After more than 20 years of development, Salesforce has now developed to market clouds, market clouds, and services.
Clouds and commercial clouds are at the core, and product lines cover community clouds, analytical clouds, object networking, platforms and applications rich cloud computing product lines, providing industries with crm solutions, apaas platforms, and business expansion to ai and bi. There is absolute leadership in the crm industry, with strong customer stickyness and product power.
Figure 1: Key milestones in the development of Salesforce
Based on the "Four Clouds", the Saas product lines are constantly enriched. The company's four main product lines include sales clud, serviceclud, marketingclud and commercecloud. They cover four main areas: marketing, services, marketing, and commerce.
Saas product lines, which include supporting users to create platforms for clients, partners and employees that are seamlessly integrated with all crm data, etc., etc., etc., etc., etc., etc., etc., etc., etc., etc.; slack for enterprises to provide remote communication tools; industryclud focusing on industry-specific solutions such as communication, media and insurance; and salesforceal
Layer einstein et al. Figure 4: SalesForce "Four Clouds" function and use interface salescloud
Servicecloud Markingcloud is a client support service.
Digital marketing platforms, which help retailers achieve online sales of service dry sales team crm.
Helping businesses to connect with their customers. Selling. 100 functions, promise.
• Help clients by e-mail, support users by e-mail b2c and b2b retailers
Sales cycles, tools for plumbing, text messages, social media, etc.
Dealing with potential clients, business opportunities, contacting and assisting with seating The platform is marketing to clients.
Support to mobile devices and other operations primarily targeted at b2b, providing solutions to customer marketing problems
It's seamlessly connected to the service clud and salescloud, allowing sales managers to offer offers and products.
Free flow of data for crm. einsteinai functions.
PARDOT/JourneyBuilder/email studio/mobile audiences/advertising
Studio/interaction studio/social studio/datorama/loyalty
Figure 5: Overview of other product lines (partial)
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
It's a business-oriented communication tool.
Formerly known as Comunity Clients from a cloud-based clud, supporting users as guests
Support users directly to their colleagues are integrated into each system of api connections, transports and salesforce.
It's the first time that a family, a partner, a staff member, sends a message, or through a dedicated book set and a monitoring and reporting system.
Creates multiple platforms to interact with business in most cases, einstein. It can be created on the platform.
It can be salesclud, with over 100 connectors, and the user can use it.
Templated solutions for building portals, forums, websites and cores such as servercloud
Help center, attached to all crm salesforce products to large machines, erp systems and
(iii) The apaas platform builds an ecological map of the apaas platform that leads to the development of the Isv platform and thus optimizes the ecosystem of the platform. In 2007, Salesforce launched the first global Paas platform to deploy applications on a unified architecture, force.com; and in 2010 it supported multilingualism through acquisitions.
Heroku development platform, programmed to facilitate rapid programmer development and deployment; in 2014, onlinelighting platform, where operators can directly complete the installation, deployment, use, iterative and management of applications at cloud ends, achieving low-code, zero-code deployment patterns: information encryption platform sield in 2015 with platform encryption
The acquisition in 2018 provided for the rapid establishment of api ' s mulesoft platform, which provides high transportability in different environments. Second, friends: the erp industry leader, pioneers of the digital economy.
(i) The erp industry leads, and the clouding effect is beginning to show, from erp to bip, each round of growth is the result of a successful strategic transformation of the company. In Strategy 1.0, the Division focused mainly on the enterprise financial management system, successfully launching the first domestic financial reporting software and promoting domestic accounting
Developments in computing; strategy 2.0, when companies focused on erp research and development and marketing and gradually made a big market share in the industry know-how; strategy 3.0, when companies changed their name from “friends-to-friend network” in 2015 to focus on the transformation of cloud operations. The 2020 launch of the bip business platform for large firms marked the evolution of strategy 3.0
In the second phase, which is primarily platform-based, financial operations were severed in 2021 and part of the operations contracted out by third-party partners, and popular software for micro-enterprises was discontinued in October of the same year. As a leader in the erp industry in the country, companies implemented a stratification strategy, with a strong focus on the main lines of cloud operations.
The high rate of growth of contract liabilities during the 21 1st and 3rd quarters accounts for continued high-speed, high-quality growth in the company ' s cloud services operations and subscriptions.
(ii) There are well-developed cloud lines. Focusing on platforming and commercialization there are well-developed cloud lines. Starting with easy access, companies have released a variety of cloud computing products such as u8cloud, nccloud, yonbip, yonsuite, u9cloud from both public and private clouds.
The company’s existing product lines are well-developed and well-structured. yombep+ncc double product lines are launched for giants and large companies, with a focus on platforming and commercialization.
Positioned as a business innovation platform. Cloud service packages, easy-to-use enablers, with an open platform and architecture with a centre of business, data, and technology, focus on cloud services in seven core areas of business, based on a unified platform and overall service upgrading.
Youonbip, based on cloud-based technologies, uses non-server computing and microserver architectures, and can fast-track commercial applications innovation based on low-code development platforms and connectivity integration platforms to promote high-saas development efficiency.
nccloud is located on the corporate intellectual platform. ncc has a strong accumulation for over 20 years, has a strong internal management edge, supports cloud platforms and private cloud deployments, deepens the field cloud, and covers 18 major solutions such as digital marketing, financial sharing, global treasury, smart manufacturing, agile supply chains, talent management, intelligent synergy, and so on, helping large firms to achieve comprehensiveness.
By May 2021, friendly nccloud had achieved a combination certification with nearly 50 nationally produced products, resulting in a secure and credible digitally intelligent solution.
Figure 9: Bip focuses on the enterprise's “full life cycle” looking at the future of friends from the development of Salesforce
Figure 11: Nccloud platform architecture (iii) has major corporate resource endowments, with more opportunities in the run-up to the national production wave.
The White Paper on the Development of the IT Industry (2021) shows that in the next three years, the IT sector will be fully expanded in priority sectors, with a golden age, and that by 2023, the market capacity of the country’s IT market will be 100 million. Industry innovation will be driven by the major US corporations, and erp, as a more mature class of domestically produced software, is expected to use it.
With digitalization, we are taking the lead in developing opportunities. Friends will gain more contracts from large firms, with their multi-year industrial know-how and yombip platform advantages.
High-profile headline customers, national production, and autonomous control give a wider range of opportunities. The company’s cloud-based products, which have been identified by China, the National Development Investment Group, the BMW, the Grand Bank, the Gods, Chongqing, the National Network Power, and many large projects, are evidence of the company’s ability to produce and its traditional dominance in large enterprises.
Domains. Autonomy is an irreversible trend in the science and technology industry, and with the opportunity of nationalization, companies are expected to obtain orders in the future from more large national firms. (iv) Growth and equity incentives inject energy into cloud business growth
In December 2020, the company released a non-public offer for shares (second revision), which is intended to be issued to no more than 35 selected investors for no more than 490 million shares, raising a total of no more than $5,298 million, of which $4,597 million is to be invested in the construction of the yonbip platform.
Large-scale equity incentives highlight the company’s confidence in future cloud business development. On 29 September 2021, the company completed the 2021 award of equity incentives, awarding a total of 1,012.42 million company restricted shares to a specific target audience for which the incentive scheme covered a total of 2014 people, some as of 31 December 2021.
10.34 per cent of the total number of 19473 employees, including key employees such as senior, middle and senior managers, experts, etc.: company-level appraisals are based on revenue from software and cloud services operations for 2021/2022 (which (v) 2b) of Saas leaders will benefit fully from the global digital wave
The success of Salesforce cannot be achieved without accelerating the process of global digitization. According to the Chinese Communications House White Paper, the global digital economy added $32.6 trillion in 2020, or about 43.7 per cent of the gdp; the United States, in terms of size, ranked first, with $13.6 trillion, or 41.7 per cent, and China's digital economy ranked the world.
Second, with a size of $5.4 trillion, or 17 per cent; in terms of growth, China ' s digital economy grew by 9.6 per cent in 2020, ranking first in the world. All countries accounted for more than 50 per cent of the world ' s industrial digital economy, which was the driving force behind the global digital economy, accounting for 84.4 per cent of the world ' s digital economy, with the first, second, and third industries accounting for 84.4 per cent of the world ' s industries.
The increase in value added was 8%/24.1%/43.9%, respectively, and the increase in global digital penetration reflected the need for a strong number of businesses to create fertile ground for “salesforce” rapid growth. Policy-level warming contributed to the growth of home-grown digital enterprises.
On January 13, 2022, the State Council published the “14th Five-Year Digital Economic Development Plan,” which states that it is expected that the core sector of the digital economy will increase its value of gdp from 7.8 per cent in 2020 to 10 per cent in 2025.
A clear quantification of the value of the software industry and an indication of a digital transition in key sectors such as agriculture, water, industry, commerce, logistics, finance, and energy. The 14th Five-Year Plan will lead to a digital demand for firms, with friends hoping to take advantage of cloud-and-letter advantages to scale up marginal growth.
Figure 18: “XIV” Key indicators of digital economic planning Figure 19: Using the friendly industry cloud “Cun+Invent” to drive friends to become indigenous “salesforce”
We believe that companies will grow their digital demand from the Cloud+Inventort to the mainland Chinese “salesforce.” 1) The company has a clear line of cloud products. yombip+nccloud for large enterprises, yonsuite+u8clud+u9clud for large and medium-sized enterprises, and good accounting, good living for micro and small enterprises.
(b) The company has the advantage of serving large firms by gaining more corporate orders from its own industry, knowing-how, and increasing user stickyness and arpu value. 3) By stripping finance, the company has the advantage of serving large firms.
Strategic focus on cloud services, such as operations, the suspension of microbusiness extension software, and the development of partners’ delivery capacity, is the main line, and cloud transformation is in a platform phase, with future acceleration periods. Yonbip, a friend-in-friend flagship cloud product, will receive sufficient development resources when it is set to grow, and the company’s cloud product line will be available.
Full and recognized by a large user. Given the continuous increase in corporate investment starting in the 21st century, firms are expected to become more competitive in the industry; stock incentives are not possible; and the roll-out of large firms is not as fast as expected.
From the development of Salesforce to the future of my friend, the Academy of Beijing City West Side, northbound, 9 North Street.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the information in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.