On the cloud step of "intellectual" industry interconnection leader - Friends Network (600588.sh) Company: China ' s corporate-level cloud service and software flagship focuses on cloud transformation
The company has a long-term focus on and continuous piloting of corporate software and uniforms. 33 years of the Cao Xuan market, the product can meet the needs of different sizes of the enterprise, including the focus on internal capital.
With the 3.0 strategy, the company officially launched the cloud transformation, the Ring ' s cloudpup and the lonbip business innovation platform, which focuses on external resources.
In 2021, the country entered the 14th Five-Year Plan.
In the year of the beginning, with the rapid growth of the digital economy, public and private, cloud computing, intellectual needs: cloud computing is a key prerequisite for intelligence, and with the rapid growth of cloud computing, we consider the annual digital economy to be 39.2 trillion and a 5-year composite growth rate of 11 per cent.
Trends in national production: through an analysis of client unit prices, penetration rates and quantities, we believe that the market size of the erp in the short term (2025) could reach $16,370 million, with large and medium-sized enterprises as market-owned industrial Internet being the second point of growth. With the rapid development of 5g technology, the industry Internet benefits.
6.66.236 billion yuan a year and a 3-year complex growth rate of 15.3 per cent Core competitiveness: technology-led excellence strategies are accurate products: technology-led, eco-maintained. yonbip is not just simple tool software, but eco-systemic.
Markets: have a wealth of products and experience of large customer services.
Friends are better at customizing services, and large clients have complex customization needs, so they will be more advantaged in following-country substitution. Services: full-time service, cheap service. 24-hour response to customers’ needs as opposed to foreign manufacturers.
The policy responds positively to the call for innovation, joins a number of industry organizations, and signs strategic cooperation agreements with IT-related industry companies, making it possible to move up and down.
Coverage: 100% of the product supports national production applications on a full scale, with excellent security protection capabilities. Clients: client portraits, precision services. Client portraits based on the characteristics of different sizes of customers, and then products with different needs and different customer service strategies.
We give companies a 22-year target market value for economic downside risks, policy adjustments affecting the progress of large national firms, product R & D overlaps.
Lack of timely impact on project delivery and market risks. 1. Companies: China ' s corporate-level cloud service and software flagship focus on cloud transformation 1.1 Lead business services have focused on cloud transformation for 33 years
For 33 years, the company has been focusing on and continuously leading the business software and the business services market. In finance software and the erp generation, the company has met with accounting algorithms for its customers through the leading market software, the erp software, and the company has been through three stages of 1.0-3.0, officially opening the cloud transition:
In the friendly 1.0 era, finance software drives accounting digitization: the main area of business is financial accounting software, which drives accounting digitization in Chinese enterprises. In the friendly 2.0 era, erp helps China’s business informatization: the focus is mainly on management software that is erp-represented.
Launch of China's first management software application (uap), launch of high-end management software nc for the group, and help to advance the "Yank 3.0 " era for a large number of Chinese enterprises. Transforming cloud service providers: 2016, officially launched with the "Yonk 3.0 " strategy, focus
Three major operations, Software, Cloud Services, and Finance, are officially opening the cloud transition. In 2016-2019, companies received the release of platform-level products from the Division - the business innovation platform yombip, moving from the erp area to the enterprise and group digital connectivity platform.
1.2 To improve the delivery of ecological peer-to-peer projects using the friendly product lines The company has developed a well-developed cloud line. The company has published a variety of cloud computing products such as u8clud, nccloud, yonbip, yonsuite, u9clud, etc., which can be deployed in ways that satisfy public and private clouds.
For firms that meet large, large, medium, small and small sizes, the fee model also combines a dual model of reading and licensing to support corporate growth. Cloudp has a greater product advantage.
Services are new products that manufacturers and customers would like to accept. For customers, data information is more secure because data are stored at cloud ends and there are corresponding disaster preparedness measures.
For manufacturers, the income from subscriptions is higher than the income from the licence mode after five years by calculating what is known, the same product, and provides a source of continuous subscription income. 1.2.1 yonbip+ncc supports the transformation of large enterprises into business innovation and digitization.
Applied services, platform services, and ecological services, which include, inter alia, field and industry clouds, platform services, iuap, and ecological services such as low-code development platforms, connectivity platforms, and cloud markets.
The erp product, based on cloud-based technologies, uses the bottom-of-the-column mode, which allows flexibility in the deployment of public clouds, mixed clouds, and exclusive clouds. We believe that ncc is one of the most mature solutions currently operating within large firms, transforming the number of fast-facilitated large enterprises intellectually and expanding the use of friends in larger customers.
Figure 3: Digital platform for large nccloud enterprises 1.2.u8/u9clud and yonsuite support medium-sized enterprises fast-digit u8clud support medium-sized enterprises complete business innovation.u8clud is the new generation of cloudp launched by friends.
The aim is to help companies achieve the goals of cost reduction, efficiency, wind management, etc., while meeting the deployments of public clouds, mixed clouds, exclusive clouds, etc. We believe that u8 will serve as a medium-sized business innovation platform, and that the market share will continue to grow as the number of ecological partners increases, thus increasing public access.
yonsuite leads companies in a number of intellectual transformations. The company provides a yonsuite cloud service package based on the yonbip platform for growth-oriented enterprises, based on a country’s first-ever integrated cloud suit application based on a cloud-based structure and a purely public cloud deployment.
The integration of offices, platforms, etc., and the maturity of products and the high level of client recognition will quickly support firms to complete the digital transformation and help build up the city’s presence among their friends.
1.2.3 Rapid cloud access meets the basic needs of micro, small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) Free and easy access to professional services. As a market leader in cloud services for small and medium-sized enterprises, it provides integrated cloud management services, a platform dedicated to providing financial and management services to small and medium-sized enterprises.
Quick-access accounting use is 25%, according to the China Microbusiness Cloud Financial Applications Market Thematic Analysis 2019.
Users are 90% satisfied, and market share: Affordable cloud finance application service has more than 3 million service users, covering 16% of MSMEs, and is in the forefront of the industry. Good accounting and easy accounting meet the core needs of MSMEs for intelligence taxes.
Building on core saas products and capabilities to form a comprehensive micro-business cloud service ecological system. A relatively good cloud service is now in place, based on the technological advantages and market position of the parent company over the years, and the deployment of the entire series of micro-business cloud services to meet the needs of small-business cloud services of different types, stages and sizes.
The product system, which brings about the unification of the front and back-office of micro-enterprises, covers a wide range of industries. Figure 6: Good accounting interfaces
♪ I can't save it without my skills ♪ ♪ I can't store it directly from the 2nd to 4th year ♪
Document generated from the business document seese changeème rmcrm
This month was created in the year 0. desandsee firstamarketamarktoamarktheamarktheamarktheamarktheamarktheamarktheamarktheamarktheamarktheamarktheamarktheamarktheamarktheamarktheamarktheamarktheamarktheamarktheamarktheamarktheamarktheamarktheamarktheamarktheamarktheamarktheamarktheamamarktheamarkth
"Platform+Ecology" yielding revenue from her hecentertothersidence developmentofchargosource 1.3 "Platform+Ecology"
1.3.1 “Platform + Eco” reduces partner development costs and opens up new channels of income for friends yombip is a symbiotic, co-builder, co-symbiotic platform.
Ecoisv provides a full life-cycle service that covers design, development, integration, testing, deployment, operation, and transport, and significantly improves the efficiency and quality of the developers’ team’s product development. Eco-building is very productive, and will grow rapidly in the future.
The two “twisted flowers”, with the strategic ecology at its core, are based on strategic alliances, integration and integration, cloud markets, integration of services, and integration of platform operations. With a professional eco-strategy, 9,500 partners are now housed, with more than 15,000 products in place.
We believe that ecological construction will grow rapidly in the future and that by 2023, the number of ecological products will reach 27,000 and the number of ecological partners will exceed 2000.
Eco-partners can enter the cloud-based market, put their own apps and commercial apis on the cloud market and apilink, and do sales promotion, online trading, and collect friends.
So we think that, with the rapid growth of eco-products and partners, the income that this model brings to our friends is sustainable and high. Self-researching and outsourcing are fairly distributed, reducing delivery costs by 30-50%.
An important part of the company ' s eco-strategy is to increase the motivation of its ecological partners and to implement the separation from products and the independent pricing of products, which will further contribute to the standardization of corporate products while reducing costs and improving delivery capacity.
The software provider’s service model can be divided into project, product and platform types, with the advantages and disadvantages shown in the table below.
The main users are platform-based income, project integrator income, and subscription income.
Product: The income from project integration is mainly the income of designated service clients: platform-based income is the income of a maid. When an ecological partner is based on a platform to deliver the needs of a client, a friend receives the income from a commission, which will continue to increase as the ecological partnership continues to improve.
1.4 The high growth in revenues from cloud operations has contributed to a steady increase in the rate of revenue collection/māori revenue by 1.4.1: The share of revenues from cloud services has grown steadily over nearly 50 per cent of the total revenue from support services.
Developments have had a significant impact, but have also experienced changes in the collection criteria, such as the above-mentioned objective factors: cloud service income has grown at a high rate, reaching nearly 50% of the total. Since 2016, with the release of the friendly 3.0 strategy, which officially opened the cloud transition, cloud service revenue has grown at a high rate and cloud operations have grown from 2017 to 2020.
With a four-year income growth rate of 249.9%, 108%, 132% and 73%, respectively, we predict that cloud services will continue to grow at a high rate, and that in 2021 cloud services will grow at a faster rate than in 2020. Large and medium-sized clients will be the focus, accounting for about 70% of the cloud’s income.
Large- and medium-sized clients have seen a rapid and simultaneous increase in their income, with large and medium-sized clients accounting for more than 70% of their income in cloud service camps as of 2021h1, largely thanks to a large customer-service strategy tailored to the depth of their friends. Given the punctuation effect, the ability to pay, and the need for business, we consider future large and medium-sized clients to be the focus, especially large ones.
The traditional software is generally on a downward trend, accounting for less than 50% of the total revenue. Since the start of the transition in 2016, 2018 has been the year of the transition.
Prior to that, there was a steady increase in revenues from traditional software, mainly from stock items and later shipments, while project delivery and settlement in annual units inevitably increased inertia. Beginning in 2019, there was a gradual downward trend, with the share in 2020 being less than 50%.
1.4.2 Cost: Stable growth in the sales control rate of R & D rates from year to year The latest semi-annual and quarterly reports of the company, as the cloud turns deep and expands its operations, require more investment in the construction of the sales team and the laying of marketing channels, so we believe that in the next five years, sales management
The management rates have shown a downward trend over the years since 2018, as a result of stable management fee team development and a decrease in the average share of management costs, and we believe that the management rates will remain relatively stable in the future, with a significant increase in 2021h1, which is consistent with the information disclosed by companies in their annual reports.
Figure 16: Management and R & D costs and ratios for calendar years (millions) Figure 17: Some annual R & D costs and percentages (millions) New annual reports disclose information, and we believe that future financial rates will remain largely stable.
1.4.3 Māori rates and net interest rates: Māori rates and net interest rate increases based on the cloud. As cloud operations expand and product standardization deepens in the future, we believe that Māori rates will remain stable at over 80%.
With the expansion of cloud services and the gradual completion of pre-stage inputs, and the spread of subscriptions, reference is made to Adobe, where we believe that the public is the public.
The net profit margin of the division will continue to rise and eventually remain above 30%. 1.5 The management background of a complex large shareholder is stable, the management of the company is complex and capable. Mr. Wang Wen King, founder, has more than 40 years of experience.
He has been in the Treasury Department of the State Department, and is familiar with the needs of his clients and the characteristics of his products. He has his own unique experience in the financial system.
The company is limited to 28.17% and 11.99%, respectively, of Shanghai Friends of Science and Technology, and the two holding holdings are owned by the chairman of the company and Mr. ceo Wang Wen King.
Holding 3.92 per cent and 2.44 per cent of the shares of companies. 2. Industry: Pluralized national production and industrial Internet to boost market space 2.1 Clouds are expected to grow faster than 500 billion.
The China Internet Development Report (2021) indicates that the size of our market for cloud computing reached 17.880 billion yuan in 2020, an increase of 33.6 per cent, of which 99.06 billion yuan was for public and 79.12 billion yuan for private. We believe that 2021 was the country's 14th Five-Year Plan.
At the beginning of the year, with the rapid growth of the digital economy, public and private, cloud computing will continue to grow at a high rate, expected to reach 541.7 billion yuan in 2024, with an annual compound growth rate of 32%. 2.2erp welcomes the opportunities of intellectual and nationalized enterprises.
2.2.12025 The size of the smart market for enterprises will be 65 trillion yuan, and our digital economy is low on gdp, with huge market space. According to the Institute of Information and Communications Technology, the global digital economy was 56.3 per cent of gdp in 2020, and only 38.6 per cent of the country ' s three major industries, agriculture and industry.
With 8%, 24%, and 44% respectively, our penetration rate is currently 8%, our digital economy is growing at the same rate as the gdp growth rate. From 2015 to 2021, the rate of digital economic growth is positively correlated with the gdp growth rate, because the process of digitization is positive for the government budget, business budgets, etc.
By contrast, gdp has influenced the digital process to a large extent. So, we believe that the future growth rate of the digital economy is still positively associated with the growth of the gdp. The digital economy is expected to account for 55% of the gdp, with a market size of up to 65 trillion yuan.
The economy accounts for 38.6 per cent of gdp, and it can be deduced from the pattern of growth of the digital economy with gdp, that in 2025 our digital economy will account for 55 per cent of the gdp market, with a market size of up to 65 trillion yuan, in 2020, with a digital economy of 39.2 trillion and a combined growth rate of 11 per cent in five years.
Since December 2017, China has been defined in the United States National Security Strategy Report as the main “strategic opponent” and “competer.” To date, more than 296 national businesses have been sanctioned by the United States, mainly in the core areas of 5g, semiconductors, artificial intelligence, and space and aviation.
In this changing international environment, the demand for national production is not just a matter of economics, but also of human life, defence, and security. Table 4: Summary of U.S. entities in China
Since the launch of China Manufacturing 2025, the state has put in place intensive policies and guidance to demand autonomy and nationalization of software. In order to better respond to the uncertain international environment, the National Strategy for the Development of Information Systems defines the erp software.
Domestic production offers new opportunities for domestic erp manufacturers, and is expected to bend over. In high-end erp markets, sap and oracle have always been the leading monopolists, with sap and oracle combined in high-end domestic erp markets.
With a 50% ratio and a 12% share of friends, there is a vast future of national production alternatives, so digitization of firms will be a good opportunity for domestic erp manufacturers to bend over. The erp nationalization replacement is accelerating, with potential market space exceeding 500 billion in the long term.
There are about 1,000, 10,000, 9 million and 20 million small- and medium-sized enterprises, respectively, at about $50,000 per unit, and about $5,000 per unit for small and medium-sized enterprises.
Long-term potential market space: In summary, the potential annual market space of the country’s pan-erp could reach $575 billion. Large-scale and large-scale enterprises: assuming 100% cloudp penetration, projected annual market size of about 25 billion – medium-sized enterprises: assuming 30% of cloudp penetration, projected annual market size of about 135 billion yuan.
Micro-enterprises: Assuming a 10% penetration rate of cloudp, the annual market size of erp is expected to be about $10 billion. Short-term market size: overall, we think that erp’s annual market size can reach $170 billion in the short term, and that the large 2.3 erp clouding is a new product change.
The cloud of business services is the key to a digital transition, and cloud computing can offer many advantages. A range of unique advantages, such as expansion, distribution, virtualization, and dynamic scalability, are the basis for digital transformation firms to deploy and improve data security while reducing the cost of customer deployment.
The erp cloud is 1+1>2 and effectively upgrades the product service boundary. Upon the erp cloud, the advantages of the traditional erp soft and cloud computing platform are integrated, allowing for the unified product management and platform management of all products, front-office sales applications, central integration for eco-building, and the expansion of the platform from the traditional software fee model
2.4 Large firms’ clients are at the heart of the cloud’s business roll-out, and large firms have a good case-by-case effect. Large firms’ customers not only have a steady pay-as-you-go capacity, but also industry poles and samples.
It's a virtuous circle in itself that manufacturers with typical case and service experience are more favoured by larger firms, and thus more project opportunities. Large firms can generate sustainable and stable income.
There is a need not only to enrich products and solutions that meet clients' needs, but also to develop top-level design and systems planning, and to build mid-stage structures, as well as to locate products and technologies.
The short life cycle of MSMEs, their low willingness to pay for management software, and their weak ability to pay.
Average life expectancy of small and medium-sized enterprises in China is 3 years, compared to 8 and 12 years in the United States and Japan, respectively, with low willingness to pay: according to the 2020 Study on Human Resources Management in Small and Medium-sized Enterprises, the proportion of small and medium-sized enterprises using free tools as the main human resources management tool in China is about half, with an Excel watch or hand.
More than 30% of the workforce is recorded and SMEs are less willing to pay. Low capacity to pay: According to a study by the China Association of Small and Medium Enterprises in June 2020, more than 60% of MSMEs reflect a tight financial chain of companies, a liquidity gap and 30.36% of SMEs
Reflecting the difficulty of financing, this has led to low capacity to pay. 2.5 Industrial Internet: the advent of the 5g-speed industrial Internet age, 2.5.15 g towards the accelerated expansion of the assistive industrial Internet.
R16, which is an important milestone in the 5g commercial process, from “usable” to “friendly.” On 3 July 2020, ISO 3gpp announced a freeze on the 5gr16 standard, marking the formal completion of the 5g first evolutionary version of the standard. r16 The main functions are divided into “extension to the vertical sector” and “functional enhancement.”
Two main categories, the expansion to the vertical sector, is r16, the freeze of which means that 5g can be used as a formal aid industry Internet. 5g commercial advances have set the acceleration key for innovation in the industrial Internet.
The full interconnection of goods has led to the creation of a completely new system of industrial manufacturing and services. But the industrial Internet has not been fully accessible due to technical problems such as real-time transmission, number of connections, etc. 5g hyperbandwidth, big data, and very low-time properties, as an industrial interconnection channel, have opened the whole interconnected world, to which everything is connected.
On 16 November 2021, the Ministry of Industry and Informatization convened a press conference on development planning for the 14th Five-Year Information and Communication Industry, which declared that by 2025 it would be able to reach every 10,000 people.
Since the number of 5g base stations is 26, we believe that the number of 5g base stations will reach 4 million in 2025, laying the foundation for universal access to 5g and full commercialization.
The size of the industrial Internet market is expected to be greater than 100 million. From 2017 to 2020, the industrial Internet market grew at a steady rate of 14%. With the rapid technological development of the 5g, it provided beneficial technical support for the development of the industrial Internet, as well as the country ' s industrial Internet-friendly policies and the Chinese industrial Internet industry.
2.5.3 Industry processes are driven by the friendly smart industry Internet platform, which is a socialized smart cloud platform for industrial enterprises using the friendly bip, and one of the first national industrial Internet platforms, which was continuously selected by the Ministry of Industry and Communications in 2019 and 2020.
List of industrial Internet platforms. In 2020, four core competencies were published using the friendly and intelligent industry Internet platform: manufacturing centre, alot platform, industrial brain, marking resolution.
A medium-sized service for manufacturing enterprises based on iuaap5.0, which integrates the core business models of the t, ot, ai and the enterprise, and which combines new technologies such as 3d visualization, offering different saas applications at the factory level, group level, and social level.
To improve efficiency, reduce costs, reduce transaction times, and improve the enterprise’s overall competitiveness. Amot platform: Three layers of architecture: application, access and equipment layers, equipment layers with 80% of mainstream equipment, access layers with data up and down, thus supporting the use of friendly cloud services and supporting industry’s Internet.
Smart algorithm-based industrial brain: based on the experience of over 30 years of service to 460,000 industrial enterprises, profit, smart algorithms to help enterprises build industries, landscape algorithms, make production simpler, more stable in quality, less costly and more scientific in decision-making.
Identification: This includes, inter alia, product information search, forgery search, anti-motion control, and back-to-back. Information on current products is genuinely available, governance is maintained to maintain market order, enterprise product competitiveness and market image is enhanced, customers are more sticky, and the number of enabling enterprises is intellectually transformed.
The advantage of using the management software to get started is to find a quasi-industry location. Different from the manufacturing start-up Caos, the trio and the Internet start-up tether control units, Ali Baba, and so on, friends start from management information to the middle of the Internet and industry, and are essential hubs for the company. Based on this advantage, we believe that the company is connected to the cloud.
Friends work with the above-mentioned friends more often to share cakes. Figure 37: Business processes in general using the friendly smart Internet platform, with the largest share of the local market in the friendly industry.
The market share of industrial cloud application solutions in China was 12.5%, leading the industry. As of July 2021, data from a friend network showed that there were approximately 1.44 million enterprises housed on industrial Internet platforms, of which 6530 were ecological partners and 13060 were partners, connecting about 1.3 million equipment.
2.6 The mixed cloud is more in line with the needs of large firms today, and the needs of clients are the main driving force behind the industry, which is a common choice for many industries. 2.6.1 The public cloud does not fully match the needs of large customers.
Public clouds do not meet the needs of large customers. Standardized, subscription-based, cloud-side storage features of public clouds do not match the needs of large-scale customers, who are mainly in need of old network modifications.
There is a need to adapt the old network to make full use of the infrastructure of its own equipment, which clearly requires a high degree of customization and in-depth integration with large clients. Large-scale firms have their own processes and operations that are complex, system-based, process-based, and each link may involve customization, so this is in line with
For large-scale domestic firms, because of relevant policy and tax regulations, they are more willing to pay for the purchase than for subscriptions, which is clearly in line with public subscriptions.
The pay-as-you-go model does not match well. While large-scale firms tend to store data locally. Relative costs, large-scale companies care more about data security, public clouds are storing their data in third-party data centres, with greater data risk, so large.
Businesses prefer local deployment and local storage, which clearly does not match the public cloud. Part of the 2.6.2erp system also requires public cloud deployment, which allows for external information-sharing.
To help businesses respond in real time to changes in markets and consumer demand, and to create cheaper and more efficient businesses, public clouds can provide high-technology support. If firms want to do AI applications and data mining, they have to connect to public clouds to support artificial intelligence through social data storage and cloud platform numeracy.
Public clouds can be deployed on demand according to the scale of business development.
Mixed cloud deployment, by definition, is a mix of multiple deployments. Usually, the custom is to connect client-owned computing facilities and public cloud computing facilities through a dedicated line or vpn, and the public, private cloud and internal deployment applications are seamlessly integrated.
Mixed clouds are more likely to meet the cost and functional needs of clients. With mixed clouds, customers can make old network changes and run private clouds themselves, while short-term fluctuations can be met through publicly owned cloud services, buy on demand, and demand peaks can eliminate these costs in the past, taking full advantage of private and publicly owned clouds.
Core competitiveness: Accurate technology-leading excellence and low-cost strategy, focused on software and cloud service industries, focused on information technology applications and services in enterprises, product history with 1.0 computing, 2.0 informatization and 3.0 intelligence, launch of business innovation platform bip, smart business
A co-founder platform for an application-level infrastructure and business services industry that supports and operates businesses and public organizations on the basis of a product advantage of 3.1 products: technology leads eco-enabling yombip is not just a simple tool software, but an eco-based service platform.
Eco-building, creating differentiated competitive advantages and ecological barriers, using business innovation platforms to make business innovation easier and easier for clients, along with ecological advantages and resources, co-enabling business services industries, technological advances in cloud-based technologies, and supporting industry Internet.
A technological architecture that drives, centralizes, divides numbers; supports socialized commerce based on social class calculations, breaks corporate boundaries, and enables industrial Internet through transactions, connections, sharing, and synergies. User interface optimization is more in line with the country’s usage habits.
The optimized interface is more in line with national usage habits and will play an increasingly important role in the process of nationalization, as the homogenization of the products increases, and a more human interface will be an important criterion of user choice for marketing 3.2: a well-developed network of marketing services for large-scale clients.
In the same year, China’s Saas market was the first in power, and it was the first market in several segmented markets, such as financial clouds, supply chain management, and enterprise resource management.
According to the 2021H1 report, more than 80% of the clientele are used by large and medium-sized enterprises and government clients, and more experience is gained in using friends to serve large clients. As compared to domestic counterparts, friends are better at customizing services, and large customers have complex customization needs, so they use friends in subsequent countries.
The company has a well-developed marketing and service network.
Having over 100 branches, performing customer marketing, sales, services, etc., offering timely and fast localized close-in services to large and medium-sized enterprises in the country. 3.3 Service advantages: services are more timely and more expensive.
Post-sale services for peacekeeping are more timely and comprehensive. Friends provide targeted professional services based on information management problems encountered by clients at different stages, a full-time service model, a package of remote services, on-site services, etc. Client customized services, which can be largely responded to within 2h and within 24 hours of the normal problem.
Foreign manufacturers have significantly higher prices than domestic producers, and domestic maternity-leave products are more expensive. Foreign manufacturers, for example, use friends and butterflies, oracles, are more than four times the value of domestic manufacturers.
Domestic manufacturers are better customized and more in line with the country’s usage habits. Differences between domestic and foreign customers in the use of habits, production control models, business models, etc., lead to huge differences in product design from the ui to the top logic.
Large, and often difficult to match with the country’s usage habits, provides a great opportunity for those who know the domestic market. 3.4 Intelligent advantage: to insist on autonomous research and development to lead the country’s production instead, to respond positively to the demand for it, and to insist on national production instead.
Industry companies have signed strategic agreements to support the development of the industry in the areas of technological innovation, product research and development, and ecological cooperation. Industrial development has led to the establishment of industrial organizations ranging from servers, chips, storage, operating systems, cloud computing laas to saas: the Commission on Innovation in Information Technology Applications, the China Electronic Commerce Chamber, and its autonomous innovation and security.
Technical Committee, National Information Technology Service Standards Working Group, etc. Strategic agreement companies: China Electronics, Huaieng, Ariyun, Purple Light, China-China Electronics, East-Tung, Dream, Shinzhou-China, etc.
Figure 42: Use the friendly home country fit system ncc to match the whole range of national production applications and securely meet the letter creation requirements. ncc is certified as pk compatible, China is perfect for principles, self-protection, capacity to provide, and so on.
Principle: Servers are located in China, which ensures the security of state, business, and personal information. Self-protection: real-time detection and recording of attacks from networks inside and outside the country, analysis of the characteristics and patterns of cyberattacks, and real-time optimization to raise the level of defense.
Capacity to provide: Information security firewalls to ensure customer privacy and data security. Capacity to provide security mechanisms such as communication transmission, border protection, intrusion preparedness, etc., based on cloud services. 3.5 Client strategy: Accurate client image systematization service strategy.
3.5.1 Targeting large clients: Deep Custom Masters, Deep Farming Medium and Large Clients, fully responsive to client needs.
There is a wealth of experience and professional business skills. As a basis for corporate default, they provide the public with solid capacity security and pre-eminence in the face of historical opportunities, such as the nationalization of the business services market, to help companies take advantage of the customer market.
Business access barriers are extremely high for large customers. Large customers need not only to deliver solutions according to demand, but also to understand industry and business strategies, but also to be able to locate products and programmes and build up themselves with friends and friends who have a long time and projects to build up their own knowhow.
Top-of-the-art erp markets, with large and medium-sized customers expected to earn more than 10 billion dollars. Large customers with high value, sticky, and large market space are the main positions in the domestic cloud computing market. Friends provide large customers with a dynamic deployment programme that supports private, public and mixed clouds, buy-out/subscription systems, product customizations.
Based on this, rapid growth between 2018 and 2020, with annual compound growth rates of up to 80%. Given the wealth of high- and medium-level client resources and experience, we believe that revenues from services from large and medium-sized clients will continue to grow, exceeding 10 billion in 2023.
3.5.2 Targets medium-sized clients: Rapid-response curved excess vehicles Medium-sized enterprises focus more on innovation and reform.
Younsuite is a purely public cloud service that uses the cloud-based saas model, i.e. open-up, rapid deployment, support for pc and mobile use online, and the system does not require maintenance, hardware and software deployment and cost, which significantly reduces the cost of clouding at the enterprise level.
3.5.3 Targeting small and micro-clients: The advantage of friends in China’s market for small and medium-sized enterprises’ cloud services is clear. According to the report " Analysis of China’s market for small and medium-sized enterprises’ services: 2020 " , published in Ei Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi.
Top of the list, 16%, over 13% and 9% of the waves. Given the advantage of the product, market ownership, and customer recognition of the product, we believe that smooth and fast access will grow steadily and remain a leader.
According to the 2021q3 report, the amount of $878.8 million was realized in the cloud services business with the friendly microbusinesses, an increase of 17.5 per cent over the same period.
To build an ecological union and expand the channels of access. By 2020, the network of fast-track marketing was spread throughout the country, and eco-building was successful. At first sight, friends used eco-links to cover micro-enterprises in large areas, leading to a rise in subscription income, while reducing the cost of receiving customers, and more than 80% of the traditional channels' partners had been transformed into selling and increasing cloud service products.
4.1 Profit forecasts: Māori all-embracing on board the cloud; Cloud services: domestic erp industry is on the verge of digitalization and national production market opportunities, and cloud service revenues are expected to grow at a sustained rate. With reference to the 2020 rate of growth, we expect a 2021-2023 increase in revenue from the Soyun service, respectively.
Traditional software: the current trend towards digitization of domestic firms, with the upper cloud becoming the preferred option for enterprises, traditional software industry 4.1.2 Māori ratio: cloud services continue to contribute to the gradual reduction of traditional software Software business: while the share of the traditional software market will be rapidly reduced, there is a later stage of processing and commissioning, so
High-end sales talent, we expect a significant increase in the use of friends' turnover rates, a projected use of friends' turnover rates Management cost rates: due to the rapid expansion of operations, administrative cost rates will continue to increase, and we expect that end-of-life management 4.2 uses cloud services would be appropriate for ps valuation methods.
The ps method is the valuation method used by growing firms when they are growing at a fast pace. The ps valuation method is applied to growing enterprises that are temporarily unprofitable or have a lower level of profitability as a result of inputs such as R & D, sales, etc. The market rate = market/net profit rate, assuming that the market rate is constant, the market rate and net profit rate will be positively related, i.e. if a lower market rate is required.
So, the ps method is that saas companies use ps for cloud services in high-speed development, traditional softwarepe. Users are in a cloud transition, new businesses are expanding rapidly in transition, and R&D costs, pick-up costs, marketing costs and sales costs will be higher and will continue to rise.
The net profit is bound to be affected, so it is appropriate to use the ps valuation method for cloud services, whereas the traditional software market is relatively mature, and the pe valuation method is appropriate. 4.3 saas has a higher ps.
The subscription-to-fee model has a high sticky client rate of 98.96% for large and medium-sized clients. According to the public number, 98.95% of the customers were used in 2020 and 71.68% for small and medium-sized clients, while the rate for customer renewal was steadily up to 80.05% per year.
In the saas model, customers need only provide software service providers year by year, with a high degree of flexibility in purchasing hardware and software, building related rooms, hiring IT personnel, etc.
For customers who can significantly reduce the cost of a one-time prior input, transportation costs, and later transportation costs, the manufacturer can increase the customer's viscousness and earn a higher income. The License model assumes that the price of a License product is $10,000, and the cost of transportation is 15%.
*The subscription model assumes an annual collection based on 30 per cent of the industry average. 4.4 Valuation analysis and investment recommendations use the divisional valuation method. As the user is at a critical stage in the transformation of the cloud subscription model, current cloud revenues and traditions
The value of cloud services – ps valuation method: According to company 2021q3, companies will continue to increase their cloud input, and the share of future saas revenue is expected to increase as yonbip produces a full roll-out of saas subscriptions.
This has led to a rapid increase in corporate revenue, a significant increase in Māori and profit rates, and a gradual decline in management, R&D, and sales fees, which are among the leading companies in the industry. So, we gave the company 13 times as many as 2022 as traditional software business-pe valuation: the company software business is expected to collect 2,123 million yuan in 2022, according to the standard.
Billion dollars. The selection of persistent electronics and hypercharted software as the leading areas of software business breakdown has shown a downward trend in corporate software operations, which were awarded 35 times more than in 2022, while the corporate software industry has over-expected downside risks, policy adjustments have affected the progress of large-scale corporate customers, and product research and development overlaps.
An analysis of my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, linked directly or indirectly to the specific recommendations or views in this report, and personal investment proposals. Any form of written or verbal commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is not valid.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for reference only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.