Lampers from the country, chasers from the sea against the wind, suggested logic by the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center: 1) When chemical light is right, harvests are good alternatives to national production. Billions of light markets have long been foreignized.
The head takes over, and the nd collection replaces the production of domestic ivds. 2) The 23h1 end-of-country income increases by more than 30%, and the median large machine ratio rises to 55% (+21 pp). As the instrument is loaded up and the subsequent reagents are released, the overseas will become the second growing curve. 3) The chemical luminous reagents are well configured and small.
Molecular centrifugals are relevant to mass spectrometry results, and assistive differentials are detected.
The dominant technology (about 90%). The chemical lighting market has long been monopolized by large overseas giants, and is expected to be replaced by a national producer with a higher premium for chemical reagents. The company reagents are close to 90%, are at the front end of the line and have a full range of tests, and are in a position of dominance in the collection.
• A second growth curve is expected to be built by the high-speed aircraft that are installed overseas. The company has a full-scale chemical luminous device that meets the needs of its customers for low, medium and high-speed testing of all types, with a high growth in the number of new extra-loaders abroad from 2017 to 2022, with a capr of 36.3% as a result of a series of x-listed offshore and eight overseas affiliates.
With the establishment of large- and medium-scale instruments, the ratio of large-scale aircraft to large-scale instruments rose from 18 per cent to 34 per cent and 55 per cent, respectively, and the structure gradually shifted to medium-sized aircraft. The 23h1 end-of-country revenue was $650 million (+31.6 per cent), or 34.8 per cent, and the overseas end was expected as the instrument was installed and the follow-up reagents were activated.
The company has the largest number of chemical phototests in the country, and as of 2023h1 has already received 158 national chemical phototests (223).
In 2017, the company organized small-molecular kernels to combat the clinical immune competition law test for small-molecular pains, which was 0.98 per cent relevant for mass spectrometry, and helped in the field of small-molecular testing.
A number of small molecules, such as 25-ohvitamind, e2, ald, have been approved to create profit predictions and valuations. Consider the catalytic effect of two lines of national production substitution and overseas release on company performance, and the risk of failure to meet expectations: competition increases risk: exchange rate fluctuations risk.
1 New industry: Deep Farming Diagnosis, 28 years of construction of a national production, 28 years of focus on the external diagnosis industry, 28 years of leadership in the chemical lighting industry. Shenzhen City's new industry Biomedical Engineering Company Ltd. was founded in 1995 and listed on the Business Board of the Deeper Associates in May 2020.
Research and development, production, marketing and services of products in the field of in vitro diagnosis, with chemical light as its core business. In 2010, the company successfully developed and launched the first fully automated chemical lumination analyser of the national product, breaking the long-standing monopoly of the overseas giants over China’s chemical luminous market and filling the domestic void in the field of chemical luminous development. As of 2023h1, the company had fully automated 10 items.
The new industry is the first company in China to have a patent for immunomagnetic microballs and to use it in chemical separation materials.
It was the first company in China to have a patent for "A synthetic small molecular organic compound -- abei" and to replace enzyme as a light marker. It was also the first in China to apply the above-mentioned patent technology to mass production of fully automated chemically luminous immune analysers and horizontally complemented diagnostics + vertically excavated product performance, and to build a multi-dimensional matrix of products.
In the area of advantages, the company continuously digs into the vertical depth of fully automated chemical luminous immunoanalysis products: 1) high flux large instruments represented by maglumix8 (detectable at a speed of up to 600t/h) with a single machine speed equivalent to a stream of water that meets the detection needs of large clients, such as level III hospitals, for high flux, efficiency and sensitivity; 2) maglumix3, maglumi
600 (detection speeds 200, 180t/h) for low flux mini-mechanical instruments, combining various considerations of price, speed, sex and land area, providing high value-for-diagnosis tools for lower-level or primary health-care institutions with lower volume traffic: 3) the vertical dimension of the company ' s immune product line (detection) was further refined by the magnetic-throughput of maglumix6
At a speed of 450t/h, the intermediate market of X8 and X3 was filled, based on chemical light, active expansion of the layout of all external diagnostic product lines. 1) In the area of biochemical diagnostic product lines, company surfaces market 5 fully automated biochemical analysers and 61 ancillary reagents to the global market, representing products of biossaysc8,
Biossaysbc 2200, biossaysbc 1200, with biochemical reagents covering tests for kidney function, liver function, special protein, lipid, etc.; 2) Molecular diagnostic product lines representing product extraction of pure instruments for full-automatic nucleic acid mp-96, molecisionmp-32 and ancillary reagents; 3) full laboratory intelligence, with 2 paragraphs currently introduced by the company
Super-high-speed life-free machines cx8, hx8 and 4 current water lines sib, new industries — Xeylits, new industries — Xiezylipam, and new industries — Ximer flying satlars tca.
In August 2012, Mr. Yong, who is the founder of the new industry and is also the chairman, president and executive director of the new industry in Tibet, was not directly involved in the company ' s operations. He served in the Finance and Finance Department of the National Board of Accounts, the Securities Department of the Treasury and the Shenzhen City Planning Bureau.
Dr. Xiao is the company’s technical leader and strategic decision maker, with a combination of R & D, management, and layout capabilities.
Light lanes, innovative combinations of nanomagnetic microballs, abei synthesizing, immunoanalysis techniques, the creation of a direct magnetic separation chemical luminous immune analysis system, the development of the country's first fully automated chemical radiative analysis instrument, and the laying of a solid foundation for the new industrial chemical luminous enterprise.
The company’s top management team is currently stable, composed of the company’s long-standing management team, and has extensive research and development and marketing experience. The effects of the out-of-country epidemic, which has not yet fully recovered from medical treatment, and the company’s out-of-the-art diagnostic operations (except for the new crown) revenue.
In 2021, the company experienced a marked decline in revenue and profits due to two major factors, the epidemic and the fall in instrument prices: 1) the revenue from the new coronary test agent fell significantly in 2021. In 2020, the new coronary test agent achieved a sales income of $320 million, and the revenue from the new crown business fell to $70 million in 2021 as a result of the policy adjustment to the epidemic.
Disturbation. 2) The global market is expanded through a price reduction promotion strategy. The heavy weight chemical luminous instrument, Maglumix8, x3, was listed in 2018 and March 2021. In 2021, the company adopted a more aggressive marketing strategy, which resulted in lower sales prices plus market openings for large instrument products, and a decline in the maori rate at the end of the instrument, causing a slowdown in the company’s gross revenue and net profit growth.
Two major factors influenced by the decline in efficiency and instrument prices: a sharp decline in profit growth in 2021. Recovering from a sales strategy that was recovering to feedback and post-epidemic conventional operations in 2022, revenues from domestic and external instruments and sales of medium-sized instruments increased.
Chemical light is a closed system, with clear advantages for pre-emptive, high-performance products. Chemical light is a closed system, that is, the same plant's instrumentation and reagent must be used in combination. Chemical light detection instruments are multidisciplinary and require a higher degree of capability for research and development.
The new industry has been setting up chemical luminous lanes for 28 years, with a high level of market recognition and technological reserves. As of 2023h1, some 29,500 chemical luminous immune analysers, 2023h1 instrument reagents: instrument value approximately 7:3, diagnostic reagents are the main contributors to performance.
In terms of the company ' s product income structure, the reagent for 2013 is 1.6, and as the reagents for the company as a whole continue to increase and stabilize to 8:2 as they are installed abroad, as they reach a steady phase in the future, the reagents for the company as a whole are expected to continue to increase and stabilize.
Companies maintain a high Māori rate for the long term. Māori rates for reagent-type products are constant at 88% to 90% per year, maintaining good resistance to interference under complex conditions such as public health security, market volatility, and policy development. Companies with instrument-type products have experienced a slight decline in fees and increased R & D inputs compared to reagents. Marketing and management rates have remained low between 2020 and 2022.
Levels, with the recovery from the epidemic and the expansion of companies in overseas markets, sales and management rates of 2023h1 have begun to rise. Financial rate fluctuations are mainly associated with exchange rate fluctuations. In R&D, companies have consistently pursued research and development innovations, continued to optimize product R&D processes, strengthened R&D capabilities, and continued to promote research and development of all types of in vitro diagnostic instruments and reagents.
In vitro-diagnostic (ivd) is an important component of modern medicine. In vitro-diagnostic diagnosis refers to the collection of biological samples of human blood, fluids, cells, tissues, etc. for in vitro detection, qualitative or quantitative determination of the substance in the body.
The composition and methods of detection of the physical state of the human body for disease prevention, diagnosis, treatment monitoring, post-observation, and health state evaluation and genetic disease prediction are important tools for testing medicine. About 80% of clinical diagnostic information comes from the in vitro diagnosis, which costs less than 20% of the cost of medical care and is essential for disease prevention testing, treatment monitoring and health assessment.
According to the principles of detection, the in vitro diagnosis is divided mainly into biochemical diagnosis, immuno-diagnostic diagnosis, blood/body fluid diagnosis, molecular diagnosis, microbiological diagnosis and immediate diagnosis (point-of-caretest, point), in which biochemical, immuno-molecular and molecular are the three main diagnostic methods in the country ivd.
The global market for vitro diagnostics is growing steadily, with North America and Europe at the end of the demand. The global market for ivd rose suddenly from ivd in 2016 to be hit by a new coronary outbreak, and demand for new coronary diagnostic reagents and instruments increased significantly, both within and outside the country.
From a regional perspective, North America remains the largest vd market, with 41% in 2020, followed by Europe and China, with 17% and 15% of the city, and 26% of the rest of the market share. Developing countries like China, India, Brazil, and Russia are characterized by a large population base, rapid economic growth, and growing ageing, with national health-care inputs and people.
Average health-care consumption will continue to increase rapidly in the ivd market in developing countries, with market size increasing faster than the global average for the catalytic reshuffle of the annual epidemic, with the first three ivds of the world in 2018 accounting for 23 per cent, 15 per cent and 13 per cent of the total ivd market, respectively, immune, blood sugar and biochemistry, and the ivd headship of the ivd by 2020.
The world’s top seven vd firms account for nearly 47% of the global market by their early layout, sophisticated instrumentation, and variety of reagents. Rhodes is the leader of the vd industry, accounting for 13%.
China’s 100 billion-ivd market will continue to expand, far beyond the pace of international growth. According to China’s Blue Book of Medical Devices 2022, the size of our vd market grew from 45 billion yuan in 2016 to 133.6 billion yuan in 2021, with annual compound growth rates.
This is 16.7%, significantly faster than the global annual growth rate of 6.8%. Driven by a number of factors, such as rising demand for diagnostic treatment, the critical situation of infectious diseases, good policies, increased coverage and high end demand, the market in China will maintain a high growth trend of 10.9% in the vd market in China, which is expected to be 2022 - 2027.
Immunization and molecular diagnosis are the country’s ivd melody, with foreign capital occupying the “half wall” mountain. In 2021, immunization diagnostic products were at the top of the country’s ivd segment with 38.7 billion market sizes, accounting for about 29%. Molecular diagnosis benefited from the new coronal nucleic acid test, which rose rapidly, at 24%. Foreign firms had a pre-emptive advantage, with foreign capital accounting for more than 50% of the country in 2018.
In terms of technological advances, radio-immunology in the 1960s has entered a period of decline due to pollution, poor stability, etc., and has been largely eliminated. Some of the applications are extensive and technologically advanced.
Technical difficulties have reached international levels in the same period, and most of them have been nationalized, such as biochemical diagnostics, enzyme immunisation, etc. While technology with higher levels of chemical light, pcr, etc., is still monopolized by imported products, it is the main thrust of domestic manufacturers, and there is much room for future development and import substitution.
The national production rate for immuno-diagnostic enzymes is close to 100%, and the national production replacement is almost complete. Fluorescent (fish) techniques for molecular diagnostics, biochemical diagnostics, blood cells for blood diagnosis, blood-type testing, etc., are also dominated by the national production rate, which is 70%.
High-end technology is still dominated by foreign products. Market shares are still monopolized by imported products in areas where the technology is more demanding, such as chemical light, and stick.
In the long term, the country’s companies are technologically advanced, gradually keeping pace with the international giants, and with great potential for future development and import substitution. Immunization diagnostics are the largest segment of the country’s vd, with chemical light becoming the mainstream of immunization.
The principle of antibody-specific unions, quantitative/quantified testing of hepatitis, viruses, blood sources, tumours, drugs, etc., is also one of the largest areas in the country in the ivd field, with the most products on the market, and with a growing pace of development.
Protein binding, enzyme co-immunisation (elisa, using active enzyme as a marker), time-discreet fluorescent (trfia, using long fluorescent lifetimes of silicon elements) and finally reaching the current era of dominant chemical light (clia, chemical luminous reaction + immune response). Chemical light is highly sensitive, highly heterogeneous, highly automated, well-stabilized, non-polluted, non-polluted.
The advantages of simplicity and speed of operation are gradually becoming the best substitute for immunisation of enzymes and radiation. Chemical light sensitivity, short detection time, linear breadth. 1) High sensitivity: the highest sensitivity of chemical light can be as high as 10-18mol/l (attomol, am), nine orders of magnitude higher than INE immunisation. 2) Short detection time: each sample is measured.
Light signals do not last more than a few seconds, and the results of the analysis can be done in 9-60 minutes from sampling to production. 3) Linear breadth: Linear range amounts to a maximum of 105 relative luminous units (rlu). Chemical light dominates the main market for diagnosis of immunization in the country. In 2021, the size of the country ' s diagnostics of immunization reached 38.7 billion yuan.
The chemical luminous market of $32.8 billion, or 84.7%, is more sensitive, rapid, stable and complex, so the chemical luminous market is becoming a major trend in the country and is widely used for cancer markers, infectious diseases, etc.
Oncology, arithmeticals, and infectious diseases are the main tests. The immune diagnostic market can be further broken down into tumour markers, thyroid function, infectious disease, heart markers, sex hormones, and inflammatory causes by photo-testing projects, depending on the market’s different diagnostic needs.
There are eight broad categories of children, eugenic fertilization and others. 1) Tumour markers, thyroid function and infectious diseases are the three largest sections of the current immunization diagnosis market, accounting for more than 60% of the immunization market. 2) Sexual hormones, eugenic eugenics, etc., will continue to grow in the future with the spread of diagnostic techniques for immunology, such as chemical light, and the improvement of the medical system. 3) Heart signs, inflammations, inflammation.
At present, chemical and light technologies are capable of achieving full coverage of detection projects. This has increased to 32.8 billion yuan a year, with an annual compound growth rate of 22.5% and a share of about 24.6% of the country’s total market of vd.
Chemical light immune analysis is a cross-cutting technique for chemical photoreaction and immune response. By marking the emitter or enzyme on an antigen or antibody, the antigen/antibodies combine with the specific properties of the substance to be measured, and then add oxidizers, chemical photobeams or electrical voltage, the oxidizer oxidizes, enzyme-catalyzes the photodehyde or the luminous substance to form a high-energy energized by electric voltage.
State. Due to the unstable state of stimulation, energy is released in the form of light during re-entry to the base state, and due to the linear quantitative relationship between the concentration of the pending object and the intensity of the light under certain conditions, it is possible to detect the intensity of the light by means of instruments to determine the object to be measured according to the light signature and the light substrate, which can be broadly classified as:
1) An enzyme-promoting chemical luminous immunology analysis (chemilaminesceenceenzymmunoassay, cleia): Mark enzyme on antigens/antibodies, where enzyme-antigens-antibodies are used to release light signals from light-emitting substrates.
Represented by Siemens, Beckman, Murray Medicals, Andu Organisms. 2) Direct chemical luminous immunology analysis (chemimumsceimunosasay, clia): Chemical luminants directly marked on antibodies/antigens, with aluminous reactions in alkaline solutions of oxidizers (usually h2o2), without enzyme catalysts
The most common light-emitting markers include zolpidem, isoluminos. Direct light is fast, reagents are stable, but a little less sensitive than enzyme-driven. Direct light-emitting representative manufacturers include Siemens, Yape, Yafilong, and the new industry. 3) electrochemical luminous immunology analysis (electrochemimelinesimnoassay, eclia): electrolytic
The study of the luminent triodes is marked as antibodies, the tpa is an electronic supply, and there is a unique chemical reaction in the electric field due to electronic transfer. The response is in the electrolytic cell medium and can be reused, but at higher cost. The major producers of electro-luminescent luminous energy are Rhodes and Pulmon Technologies.
Table 4: Chemical light classification Chemical light is typical of high-tech, intensive trials with persistent barriers. Chemical light is the intersection of microelectronics, mechanical design and manufacturing, clinical medicine, medical testing, materials, optical, chemical, etc., which is extremely high for entry into this track.
The country's chemical lighting market has a competitive pattern of "4+x" and the foreign giants have a leading position. The overseas giants have long-term layouts, the luminous track, advanced chemical lighting techniques and a rich menu of test agents, and they have a long-standing monopoly on the Chinese market, forming a competitive pattern of "4+x". "4" represents the four major diagnostic giants of the 1st Platoon: Rhodes, Yape, Beckman, and Siemens.
In total, it accounts for nearly 69% of the country's market share. The Roths are the most technologically difficult electrochemistry, with revenues of $10.5 billion in 2021. Yape and Beckman have direct lighting and enzyme-driven products, and Siemens have a layout in enzyme promotion and direct lighting. Four big overseas giants also have significant leadership in specific areas, such as the Roth's tumor mark.
The "x" represents other second-tier companies with a share in the market, which are gradually replaced by players from Murray, Anto, New Industries, Mike, etc.
From encouragement to priority development, the national policy is gradually moving forward with the development of the in vitro diagnostics sector. In 2013, the National Development and Reform Commission listed the development and production of new diagnostic reagents, new medical diagnostic medical instrumentation and equipment as incentive projects in the thirteenth category of “pharmaceuticals”.
The Plan proposes to accelerate the development and industrialization of major infectious diseases, on-site detection products, and to accelerate the industrialization of easily accessible and accurate household ivd products. The "14th Five-Year Plan for the Development of the Medical Equipment Industry" of 2022 lists diagnostic test equipment as one of seven priority areas for development, targeting "high end, advanced, automated" and "intelligent, miniaturized, fast-tracked" poles.
Collection helps to reshape the existing market patterns and replaces imports with domestic production. High barriers to chemical-based reagent development, early deployment of foreign capital, precision of instruments, pre-eminence in the Chinese market, and a country’s market share are more difficult to capture. The adoption of collection policies helps to break the existing pattern of competition, as domestic products have a price advantage over imported products and are conducive to clustering.
The competitive bid was won at a lower price, thereby increasing market access. On 19th, the service centre of the Anhui Provincial Medical Central Procurement Centre issued the " Accumulation of Reagents for Clinical Tests in Public Health Institutions in Anhui " , which negotiated prices for oncological signs, thyroid, infectious diseases, myocardial markers, and calcium paraffins.
Twenty-three projects are negotiated. Under negotiated bargaining rules, enterprises with the top five rates are invited to negotiate, products of the same type that are not included in the negotiating bargain are linked down in accordance with certain rules, successful firms/competing general agents are entitled to a number of national producers in the previous year, and Robay’s empty market share is taken into account.
The market share will be reduced to a certain extent, and the resulting market share will be split between the winning firms, such as Yapee, Murray, and Siemens.
The results of the negotiations showed an average decline of 47 per cent in five categories of 23 sub-groups, with a projected annual savings in the purchase of Robbé and Syaloo Lt. The foreign market was reduced. Prior to the harvest, the market for chemical lighting in Angé province was led by Royabesi, which accounted for more than 70 per cent of the total volume of sales in the four foreign provinces of Angé in 2021, with a total of $630 million.
The total size is about $900 million. After the November 2021 harvest, the unbid sales of Robert Beckman and Robert Beckman fell directly to $1 billion, a 25.4 per cent decrease in the same year, influenced by the recovery of the need for regular post-epidemic consultations and the collection of prices. It is assumed that in 2022, the chemical light market in Anhui Province was about $1 billion, while the share of overseas manufacturers fell from 70 per cent to 47 per cent, with the rest to domestic firms.
Some 70-80% of the brand chemical market is occupied by importers, including Royabesi. After the collection, the prices of reagents were adjusted with the active cooperation of national producers, the foreign market was reduced, Robb was replaced by the share of national production vd, led by Murray, the new industry, and the reagents were taken.
The result was a doubling of the number of major clients in the short term. The Guangdong Alliance urgently collected a new coronary test, which dropped to $3. Guangdong led the 19-provincial alliance in April 2022.
Associated purchases of new coronary nucleic acid test agents, igm/igg anti-medical test agents, nucleic acid extraction/purification reagents and corresponding consumables account for about 67% of the country ' s market share, resulting in an average reduction of 42%. By product category, the average reduction in general nucleic acid test agents is 46%, the average drop in reagents is 50%, and the average drop in sample collection equipment is 50%.
The antigen reagent box was reduced by an average of 50%. Of these, four companies were selected for the dual proof of nucleic acid plus antigen, namely Mind, Berger, Unsung, Cheuk Xin-sheng. Jiangxi led the collection of biochemical reagents in 23 provinces. Hepatochemical reagents led by Jiangxi Health Insurance in November 2022.
The Alliance (including the 23 provinces of Hebei, Shaanxi, Nemon, Liaoning, etc.) has concentrated on the acquisition of 29 biochemical tests for hepatochemicals, which account for about 20% of the country’s biochemical market. Since 70% of national production in the field of biochemical agents has been replaced, firms have been selected.
The biochemical test was an open system, with a reduction greater than the chemical luminous collection. Jiangxi biochemical reagent collection was the first large-scale, large-scale gathering activity in the country's vd market, with an average decrease of 68.6%, with a peak of 95.6% and savings for the Alliance area.
Biochemical diagnostics are open-systems, without the need to replace instruments, so there is a larger reduction than closed-system luminous collections. The new industry has a late profile in the field of biochemical testing and a lower market share, with the expectation of increasing the volume of biochemical reagents through the collection, and this drop in terminal fees has been synchronized, and “technology separation” is the main melody.
The price adjustment trigger is not directly linked to the centralized procurement of pharmaceutical consumables, and the technical fee pricing is related to testing methods. For example, the Jiangxi Health Insurance Agency (JMS) has implemented a “separation of technology” charge on 25 testing projects, with terminal charges falling from 2 to 38 per cent, or 15 per cent on average.
Ensign continues to be coded to target the crevice, heart infarction track. In 2023, the pilot ivd collection "re-ejected" was carried out for six condensed blood products and three heart infarction products, and its central infarction was directed towards the ivd emerging course -- instant detection. The collection set a “deep price”, i.e., after official price limits, the cretins fell by more than 40%, and the abdominal class fell by more than 40%.
More than 50 per cent of the products were added to the proposed product. The average aggregate drop of 40.2 per cent for the six condensed blood items was 49.6 per cent;
30 August 2023 Publication of the Circular on the Management of Centralized Medical Purchases and Prices in 2023, which clearly states that a solid advance will be made in 2023 The procurement of centralized medical consumables will be led by Anhui Province for the Inter-Provincial Alliance of In vitro Diagnostic Reagents.
The new industry has a full chemical photo-testing product and has a competitive advantage in this collection.
3 high-speed instruments + rich reagents + successful seaboarding, 3x3 performance up 3.1 instrument end: installed in harvest time, low- and high-school flux markets have layouts Full coverage of medium- and low-speed measurements to meet the diverse detection needs of different health institutions. New industries completed China in 2010
The registration and listing of the first fully automated chemical luminometer has broken the monopoly of China’s chemical luminous market on foreign giants. The company has always focused on chemical luminous lanes, with 10 types of fully automated chemical luminous immune analysis systems as of 2023h1, with detection speeds, sample numbers, and land mass covering a variety of areas.
The Chinese market is characterized by a large population base, a large volume of tests and a high demand for tests. In order to meet the domestic market ' s demand for tests of medium- and high-speed machines and single machines, particularly in level III hospitals, in 2017 the company launched the Maglumi 4,000prus, not only with high speeds and large samples, but also with a combination of the same type of instrument or biochemistry.
"x" high-end matrix layouts are perfect. In 2018, the company weighed the first instrument of the series "x" — Maglumix8, with a speed of up to 600t/h — one of the most rapid chemical luminous devices in the current market. x8 can also be connected to the same type of instrument, the biochemistry and the electrolytic analyser combination, and is aimed primarily at high-level doctors with a large patient base and a large number of test samples.
To open up a market in which detection needs are relatively dispersed, companies meet the demand of small and medium-sized terminals for high-quality, high-priced and high-quality post-sales products through the development of higher-value products x 3 and 6 and reduce end-of-care expenses. The “x” series is an important layout for companies to build high-end, high-performance, all-covered chemical luminary diagnostic instruments.
x8 single-machine sequences are the highest in the world, targeting high flux markets. The Royabesi chemical luminators in the first echelons are tested at a speed of 200~450 t/h, with few high-speed luminous devices above 500 t/h. This is because countries such as Europe and America have fewer populations and better graded diagnostic systems, and medical institutions need relatively few samples to be tested at the same time.
The speed luminous instrument meets the detection needs, so the international giants have less layout for this type of instrument. Domestic manufacturers target this blank area, developing countries with high layout demand and a large population base. x 8 measurements up to 600 t/h, single machine sequencing speeds up to an equivalent flow line, with a maximum of 2,800 immediate tests; with single cup designs, 2912 reactions can be loaded at a time.
Cups, to eliminate cross-contamination; interconnectable with the same type of instrument, biochemistry, electrolysis analyser, and merge current waterline systems. x3 is small in size and deep into the need for grass-roots medical attention. Compared to larger x8 systems, x3 is only 0.68 m2, with a unit area of up to 294t/h/m2, with a higher value of value.
The company’s series of fully automated chemical luminators has been widely recognized in the market. 1842 installed in 2022 by 8.
This represents an increase of 69.6% over the same period: X3 (which was pushed to the market in March 2021) for 2460 installed aircraft, or 222.4% over the same period.
Over 17,300 instruments were accumulated in each country and region. x6 was the last puzzle of the company ' s medium-throughput chemical light market. The maglumix6 chemical radiance analyser, which was launched at the end of October 2022, was the latest since the company ' s series of X-ray instruments x 8, x 3
The x series, which filled the blank areas of the 300-600 speed range with the company's chemical luminous instrumentation at 450t/h speeds, synchronized with the development, molecular and condensation diagnostic instruments. To consolidate and improve the company's competitiveness in the field of immuno-diagnosing, the layout flow line and the complete ivd chain of the integrated machine, the instruments have higher fluxes in their research projects, including in the field of immuno-diagnostics.
Maglumix10 test speeds, 2000t/h high-speed biochemical analyser biossaysc10, electrolytic analyser biossayse6, nucleic acid test analyser in molecular field, moleciionr8 and hemolomih 6 in condensation, expected to be marketed in 2024.
3.2 Reagent end: The luminous reagent layout is well developed, and the reagent rate (about 90%) is higher and stable than that of the instrument for the ivd enterprise, and is higher than that of most companies. The Vantai biological camp is operated by vaccines and ivd, and its ivd reagent income is about 40 times higher than that of the instrument in question.
The new industry has the highest number of chemical luminous tests in the country. The end-users of vd in the country are mainly medical machines at all levels.
In 2021, the new industry ranked first among its peers with 141 chemical light certificates covering multiple tests.
As of 2023h1, the new industry has acquired 158 national chemical photo-testants (223 registrations) covering the continued improvement of the in vitro diagnostic product line. The company has consistently expanded the field of reagent testing, continued to improve the layout of chemical light, molecular diagnostic testing projects and increased the coverage of the company ' s diagnostic reagents. As of 2023h1, 37 projects had been entered into the IDC.
In the nuclear phase, 54 projects are entering or completing the clinical evaluation phase. Small molecular centrifugal stimuli "drivers" are the world's leaders. Small molecules with a simple structure below 100da (Dalton) are always the pain spots of ivd immunization tests, and the clinically common small molecules are female diol, gesterone, ellipse, 25-oh.
Vitamins d, takmos, cytocin. The mass spectrometry (lc-ms/ms) is the gold standard for small molecular tests, but there are low fluxes, lengthy pre-processing (>6h) complexity, equipment and personnel deficiencies that are difficult to use widely. Chemical spectrometry Tests for small molecules are less consistent with and accurate with mass spectrometry, so small molecules are detected at the beginning.
In 2021, the company successfully set up a well-developed detection platform for small molecular centrifugals, offering solutions to the market’s difficult problem of small molecular tests. For example, 25-oh vitamind, which is consistent with mass spectrometry in the new industry.
Good, detection errors are within ~10%, with great advantages in the field of products that are difficult to detect in the market. The company has now successfully developed and marketed a number of chemical luminous reagents, such as Vitamindd, female diol, and ellipse, which are centred on small molecular centrifugals, which offer the possibility of a “driver overcarrying” of a large overseas ivd.
3.3 Offshore ends: Lighting instruments have gone out against the wind, creating a second growth curve, 8 major overseas subsidiaries have been established, and the share of overseas operations has steadily increased. The company’s overseas market is dominated by dealers’ autonomy, offshore terminal customers are discovered, marketed, managed and maintained by overseas distributors, and overseas distributors have fostered their own marketing groups.
Teams and post-sale management teams. The company’s growing growth abroad is due to: (1) an increase in the number of overseas distributors and their long-term co-operations, an increase in their strength and size, with the company’s top five clients including three overseas distributors; and (2) overseas affiliates’ assistance in overseas certificate registration and market openings, with companies already working in India, Russia, Brazil, Mexico, Pakistan, Peru, and so on.
In Italy, Romania completed the establishment of eight overseas affiliates, with cooperation with 151 countries and territories abroad. In 2022, overseas markets achieved operating income of RMB 970 million (+26.4 per cent). Overseas business income of RMB 650 million (+31.6 per cent) for 20231, or 34.8 per cent, reflects a positive trend in overseas business growth.
Overseas instrument sales have continued to increase at a high rate, with an increase in the share of large and medium-sized machines. The main reasons for the high growth in offshore end-of-country revenue are: 1) the sale of overseas instruments has been facilitated by continuous overseas academic promotion and high value for money products, with 4357 fully automated chemical luminous instruments sold overseas and 2,271 overseas, respectively. 2) the overseas instrument structure
The ratio of medium-sized and large machines is 18%, 34%, and 55%, respectively, and the structure of the instrument is gradually shifting to medium-sized and large. There is a huge increase in the space overseas, creating a second growth curve for the company.
Impact: Stagnation of domestic conventional operations and a 5-pp drop in domestic Māori rates compared to the previous year; and a rapid increase in sales of new coronary tests at the end of the country, with overseas revenues +15.6 pp and overseas Māori rates +11.3 pp. Benefiting from the introduction of the 2021 new coronary reagents before opening the market and of corporate instrumentation promotion strategy, the expansion of overseas markets, and overseas instrument product revenue as a foreign industry in 2022
The gross revenue ratio was 48.9% (+9.9pp), resulting in a 7.6pp decrease in the combined Māori overseas operations, with a slight decrease in the total Māori ratio. In reagents, companies have obtained 186 chemical luminous reagents for EU access, and some molecular diagnostics and gelatins have obtained permission for export sales.
Continuous upgrades and reagents: the scale of instruments will gradually converge towards the home country, with a sustained strength of the overseas reagent business, the overseas end of which is expected to become the second growth curve for corporate performance, and there is still room for improvement in overseas and total Maori rates. 3.4 Co-opting of water line products, building platform-based vd enterprises
The demand for vd products in hospitals now tends to be polarized: high-end hospitals require high-throughput, efficient, and sensitive testing products, while primary hospitals require low-speed, affordable, and stable-performance products. In response to this bipolar demand, the Chinese market's vd products will also move towards bipolarization:
(c) Disruption systems have been linked through automated testing devices and information networks, optimizing the number of staff in the testing section and significantly increasing the inspection. The company has focused on high flux, high-speed detection needs, and has deployed three products in the flowline system: the new industry -
In the case of the new industry, the system is a new industry and a cooperative product of Japan, with the new industry responsible for the chemical luminous immune module (maglumix8), which assumes the pre-sampling processing system.
Biochemical analyser module (labospect008α). The sample processing module includes elements such as introspection, centrifugal, open caps, points and recycling, combining the modules by transmission orbits with high speed, flux, high automation, and high intelligence.
Figure 37: Fluid ts product indicators The solar presampling processing system - ts . High-speed innovative two-storey rfid, 2400 samples/hours
Auto-supply of high-efficiency consumables, reduction of manual operations, strong pointing modules, minimum path of a blood line, offline detection • intelligent sample running, real-time tracking, reduction of bar code scanning errors; sample review, follow-up, archiving of intelligence completed solar hypervelocity biochemical workstations - Laborospect008α
High flux: biochemical 2000t/h, electrolytic 900t/h, landing of 214 items, analysis of 73 projects, response position 406, high-impact precision: non-synchronous double needle rotation, multiphase high-speed reagent needles, ensuring that high-speed injections are non-conflicting • elimination of cross-contamination: non-contact ultrasound mixing, effective avoidance of cross-contamination
• High flux: 600t/h, 42 reagent positions • High reliability: one-time tip head-up, eliminating cross-pollution • high sensitivity: non-contact magnetic ball mix, re-suspension technology, adequate response, more thorough cleaning
The country’s ivd firms have created the last void in the industry, representing a flow line system that is automated, intelligent, high-throughput endpoints. The country’s ivd manufacturers have sought overseas strategies to compensate for the lack of components.
There is a corresponding focus on streaming products from different manufacturers. Murray’s program is its own biochemistry/immunisation system (with instruments and reagents) + foreign orbital system, which is relatively closed. The A-Phue Dragon plays the concept of “open compatibility” and can be connected to any brand of equipment such as light, biochemical, condensed blood, blood cells, etc. The new industry has chosen two companies: 1) to fly with Semer.
Co-operative satlars-tca, whose product is mainly based on co-operative diagnostics of immunization products, with flexible modules; 2) in collaboration with Yokoki, launched two waterlines and pams, using the new industry ' s X8 immune module + the solar 008as biochemical module The marching molecular diagnostic and biochemical analysis track, and the building of a platform-based non-in vitro diagnostic company.
In the area of molecular diagnosis, two new products were added in 2021: a purer and a nucleic acid extraction reagent box; the construction of a diagnostic platform for rapid diagnostics of immunolysis; and some of the products have been licensed overseas. In the field of biochemical analysis, five fully automated bioanalysis instruments and 61 accompanying reagents have been added.
Reserves, covering tests for kidney function, liver function, special proteins, lipids, etc. In the field of coagulation reagents, there are seven projects for coagulation, blood diagnostic reagents, or certificates of registration.
The company’s main business income is divided into reagents, instruments, and two components. 1) At the domestic level: taking into account the chemically luminous reagent collection conducted by the inter-provincial coalition led by Anhui in the second half of 2023
Products, mainly sex hormones, infectious diseases and sugar metabolites, are expected to land in early 2024. The company’s market share of this type of product is relatively low, with a 10-20% decline in post-harvest reagent prices and an increase in sales. At the Māori rate, on the one hand, taking into account the prospect of continued expansion of non-collective varieties, Māori rates have declined since the harvest; on the other hand, biochemicals, molecular diagnostic reagents, etc.
2) Overseas: Considering that as of 2023h1 eight overseas subsidiaries have been set up, and that in recent years there has been a marked increase in the volume of chemical luminous equipment overseas, it is expected that overseas reagent sales will be rapidly released at a higher rate than in the country.
The annual domestic end-of-the-year revenue is equal, the 2024 reloading + collection promotes the replacement of national production, the company's new equipment at the assembly hospital has increased speed, the equipment end-of-the-end profitability has increased, and large instruments, such as the expected flow line in 2025, are expected to be used in the country. 2) Overseas: taking into account the formation and optimal marketing structure of overseas affiliates, it is expected that large instruments at the overseas end will be distributed separately.
Using a relative valuation method, we selected four vd companies: Murray Medical, Andu Biology, Pulmon Technologies, and Corme Diagnosis. A comparative analysis. Mary Medical is the leading company in the country's medical apparatus, and chemical light is the industry's main focus. Andu Organisms are the platform-based external diagnostic poles of several races, including molecular, biochemical, immuno-immunological, etc.
The second global manufacturer to break through electrochemical luminous technologies is expected to compete for Rhodes’ share in the future. The Co-American diagnosis, which uses fourth-generation luminescence, has a unique advantage in the field of small molecular testing, and is similar to the new industry’s small molecular centrifugal approach.
Collecting price reductions and regulatory policy risks: overseas sales do not meet the expected risk: new business does not expand as expected; competition adds risk: exchange rate fluctuations risk. There is no, no reason, nor will there be any direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report.