On 30 June, the company convened a board meeting to consider the adoption of the " Distribution of shares and expenditures " .
A bill to pay cash to buy assets and collect matching funds and associated transaction reports (drafts).
We measured the total net assets of Yunchuan after delivery in mid-2022 at about $63.4 billion, and the value of the transaction was valued at $177.5 billion at 2.8 times pb. According to the announcement, at the end of 2021 and 1 m22, Yunchuan had a net capital, electricity, electricity in the country, energy in the river, coronal power, and power from the five hydroelectric companies, pb (mrq).
The average value is 2.1 times lower than the estimated water level of 1.9 times pb from the stream that was injected into the company in 2016. This reflects the support for the company by the Tri-Firth Group and the three-party shareholders in Sichuan and Yunnan.
\triangleright roe, but with reference to the water situation in 2021 and the actual electricity generated by the U-White Power Station in the event that it is not yet fully operational, it is expected that the total post-partum capacity will exceed the design value.
Both will bring to the company an additional 1. Yangtze Power (60090.sh) annual report for 2021 and an increase in revenues and profits. In addition, white crane beaches will temporarily use ad hoc electricity settlements, which will result in a significant increase in official electricity prices.
Quarterly review in 2022: water is better, "4+2+n" heavy water, "banking machine" is high-speed: q2 Three Gorges in and out of banks in +34.5%, \triangleright
Long River Power (6009000.sh) In-depth report: 4+2+n=? 3. Yangtze Power (6009000): Injection start, wind ahead
The speed at which the money machine is turning up is increasing. The scenario is “infinite” and new energy development plans are expected to make clear that the company's next move is as we move on to the midway of the U-White asset injection process.
Investment proposals: q2 Three Gorges to further raise their water, and the flow of in- and out-of-stores reached the highest value in the same period in history. Lower trade swaps can reduce the corresponding increase in shares and help to increase the upswings.
The value of the share increases, taking into account the issue price of the supporting financing component, the price fluctuations of the \triangleright; 4) the fiscal adjustment, etc.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.