The Yangtze Power (6009000) utilities are priced to highlight value for money, power and water core to consolidate the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Events: The company issued a public announcement to purchase 100 per cent of the shares held by the tri-gorge group, the tri-gorge group, the tri-gorge group, the capital deposit, the cloud capital deposit, and the sum of the sum held by the Kawakami company, for a trade exchange of 80.480 billion yuan, which included an increase of up to $16.10 billion in shares to be released by the company to the tri-go-group, the cloud energy group, and the sum of up to $16.10 billion in shares to Kawakami.
In addition, no more than 35 selected investors will be raised in undisclosed shares, and no more than $1610 billion will be collected.
With assets of about 53.8 billion and operating revenues of 12.7 billion, the value of the assessment is 80.480 billion and the value of the transaction is about 1.5 pb. Clouds is the investment operator of the Utungde hydroelectric power station and the White Crane Beach hydroelectric power plant. Utung Water Station, with an authorized installed capacity of 10.2gw, is fully operational: White Crane Beach hydroelectric power station, with an authorized installed capacity of 16gw.
Once the deal is complete, the stock load will increase significantly from 45.6gw to 71.8gw. The Jinsha River is one of the largest hydroelectric bases in the country, about 3,500 kilometres long, with the highest hydropower concentrations in the world, the Utungde hydroelectric plant and the White Crane Beach hydroelectric plant.
After this transaction is completed, the company will hold six hydroelectric stations, including the Yangtze River, the Gorge, the Goose Dam, the River River, to the dam, Utunde, the White Crane Beach, etc., and will centralize the operation of the current large hydropower assets and the six-bureau Convergence, which will be upgraded through scalding and professionalization.
Trades have increased significantly in size and performance. According to the estimates, the post-trading 21-year corporate capital, Ubek injections, will lead to significant performance gains. Utund, White Crane Beach power generation averages 389.1% per year.
At 62.44 billion kilowatt-hours, the “Six Cyclops” are expected to generate an additional 10 billion kilowatt-hours, a total of 111.3 billion kilowatt-hours. According to these estimates, this infusion will result in an overall profit gain of 10.68 billion, further consolidating the company's leading position in large hydropower.
Yangjiang Power (6009000): Ubek power station injection is imminent, Ubek injection will significantly enhance the company ' s dispatch capacity, and the performance of the Peruvian Lúdes subsidiary is expected to improve, giving the public 6-Breath Union added value (2022-05-30)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.