The Department ' s annual report reveals that, for the fifth consecutive year from 2012 to 2016, the net asset returns of companies ranked 29.18 per cent of our top 20 securities companies in terms of total assets. At the same time, the company has a Beijing-based business network that covers the entire country. As at 31 December 2017, the company had 302 stock exchanges and 23 futures businesses, covering 30 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government of China.
The industry ranked third; the amount of underwriting was $97,212 million, and the industry was fourth. At the same time, in 2017, the number of bond owners in the company was 448 and the number of underwriters was 10,51,078 million, of which 167 were underwriters and the total size of the underwriters was $28,210 million, all of which ranked the industry first, second and fourth in terms of the number of M & As projects implemented in 2016 and 2017, respectively.
(2) The company has established an all-encompassing product line that provides brokerage services for stock, bonds, funds, derivatives and other tradable securities for wealth management clients. At the same time, the company’s futures business has grown rapidly, with the fully-owned subsidiaries moving from “a-level” to “a-level” to “a-level” as the highest rating currently awarded by the China CSRC. In 2017, the net revenue from commission fees and commissions was $240 million.
At the end of 2017, there were 97.8 million futures brokers. With regard to capital intermediation, companies provided financing services to a variety of clients with financing needs. As of 31 December 2017, the balance of the company’s financing coupons was 48,092 million yuan and the industry ranked ninth; the balance of stock pledge buybacks was 46,262 million yuan and the industry was eleventh.
(3) The company has a strong marketing capacity to sell its own designed financial products to its customers and to broker the sale of third-party financial products. By December 31, 2017, the number of public funds sold by the company stood at 3,151, ranking first in the industry. In addition, the company is eligible for gold spot sales, and can do gold trading, gold leasing, etc. through the Shanghai Gold Exchange.
As of December 31, 2017, the company’s professional fixed-income sales team stood at 50, providing strong support for bond sales. The company also conducted market operations in the interbank bond market in China, trying to diversify the variety of market transactions in order to manage risks effectively and enrich the market strategy.
In the six months following the report, this report has been prepared by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company will not be treated as a customer by the recipient of the report. The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report is consistent with the information expressed.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position, and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, and, if necessary, financial considerations.
You can consult with professional consultants on matters such as business, law, business, taxation, etc.