2023q1 copper sheet business is robust and high-end products continue to evolve.
• 2023q1 copper sheet operations were robust, high-end products were continuously refined, and a “buy-in” rating was maintained. The company issued its first quarterly report in 2023, yielding operating income of $3.76 billion, yoy-21.2 per cent, and the net return to the mother was $250 million, yoy-48.6 per cent, of which revenue generated by electronic commerce was $740 million, yoy-13.7 per cent, net profit
Prices are expected to pick up, high-end copper sheet product structure rises, high-speed high-frequency, sealed base sheet material national product claims are raised, and a “buy-in” rating is maintained. 2023q1 copper sheet business has a robust net interest-rate ratio, and profit-producing electronic losses lead to a decline in profits.
The company ' s net interest rate of 2023q1 was 6.6%, of which approximately 250 million yuan in profits from the copper-plating business, 6.2% interest rate, greater profitability than its domestic counterparts, and the copper-plate industry recovered. The profit-based electronics side-by-side component, increased fixed costs due to full-line pilot production in the Eastern City ' s four-stage plant areas, while communications orders had not been reheated, resulted in a loss.
The continued down-stream de-stocking in 2022 has led to weak demand for and falling prices of the overcoat orders, which are now expected to lead the recovery and warming in the domestic market, and to higher prices for the company ' s overcopper business in the second half of 2023. • The company ' s high-end products continue to be laid out, and new material development consolidates its leader.
Companies are expected to build on the complete product sequence that underpins the client structure, further increase the share of high-end areas, seek to maintain a balance between customer relations and high-return profits, and homogenize products to win through quality that can protect customer relationships, and vary competing products such as high-frequency high-speed, enveloped base plate materials.
On the basis of the growing sophistication of product routes, a technology road map is being developed in the context of future trends in electronics, and the development of new product categories based on technological platforms in the current " Bottom of the Copperboard Industry Show " , which is expected to become end-functional solutions in the industry chain.
Building upscaling resilience - Corporate Information Update 2022q4 Bronze Board Business Upwards, Fulfilling the “Structural Adjustment” Logic - Corporate Information Update Report
The expansion of divisional capacity has not been as anticipated, and new materials have not been validated as expected.