"Greetal appliance (000651) 2-Eleven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven."
Incident: On November 9, 2019, the company issued a three-billion-dollar notice to fight low-quality and hypocritical products, which Wei Hongmei will have some impact on the company and the air-conditioning industry.
The activity is based on short-term industries facing growth difficulties and high stocks. Industry online data show a cumulative decline of 0.97% in household air conditioners and 1.78% in sales in the first three quarters of the year. The growth rate in industry has slowed, and since this year the industry has moved to stock at a slower pace than expected, and stock pressure is required.
The data show that, as of October 31, 2019, the Goli Air Conditioner was up 82 dollars this year: US air conditioners had a cumulative market share of 28.5% this year, an increase of 3.43 percent this year.
At a point, the average price was $3708, a decrease of $239 from the previous year; Heir Air Conditioners had a cumulative market share of 10.92% this year, and the underline factory tour and on-line promotional activities were intended to consolidate the market share. The short-term advantages and disadvantages of profit-making activities helped to optimize the industry pattern over time.
Prior to that, FACs had a minimum of $1599 and RACs a minimum of $1399, with a total yield of $3 billion, and thus short-term concessions would have an impact on the profit index. In the medium term, the new AC targets would be formally implemented early in the year, and it would be helpful to have some of the lower energy efficiency indicators removed by lowering prices.
With the reduction of stocks and associated capital consumption, which would allow companies to light-load to respond to new performances, the industry is currently overcapacityd, the industry must be reshaped, supply-and-demand relationships needed to return to good quality, and it is anticipated that leading firms will further phase out three or four-line and long-tail brands through price and brand advantage.
Short-term price wars are inevitable, and competitors follow the strategy. The company stresses that Jean-James is limited to a double-event period, but price wars have opened the Pandora Box. Short-term price wars are inevitable.
Notices were sent to agents, direct operators, distributors, emphasizing active attacks, day-sniping sniper fire, the same day's fight, and full effort was made to win the share of the 11 nodes in the market, and the extension was promoted between 10 and 11 November, with prices ranging from $100 to $800.
The lowest to $1699, the lowest price for an air conditioner, the lowest price for an air conditioner, the higher price for a variable frequency air conditioner, reduced to $1499, and a free installation service for two converted air conditioners.
While the lubricant indicators have short-term effects, the Pandora box has been opened to anticipate short-term negative effects for some time, but the firmness and diversification of the corporate sector has helped to ease short-term financial pressures, prices, and the inclusion of msci in the ratio increase.
In 2019, the rating system's “market index” was referred to by 300 indexes. I am qualified or well-qualified by the Chinese Securities Association to offer securities investment advice in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively informed.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.