G.E.S.A. (000651), q3 is down slightly, and it's expected that the shares will be replaced with new power.
In the first three quarters, the company collected $1,550.39 million, a steady increase over the previous three quarters. In the first three quarters, the company collected $1,550.39 million, an increase of 1.09 pct, a decrease of 0.33 pcc, and a decrease of 0.54 pcc.
The growth rate slowed slightly in the third quarter alone and the net interest rate remained stable. In the q3 case, the growth rate slowed slightly. In the third quarter, the company collected $57,742 million, an increase of $19 million over q3 in 2018. The net profit of the company was $8,402 million, an increase of 0.06 per cent over the same period.
With a reduction of 0.88 pct and a sales rate of 0.24 pccpcm and a sales rate of 0.24 pcpcm and a sales rate of 0.24 pcpcpppppppppppppppd, " Research-Grey Electrics (000651.sz): Independently, the company announced on October 29, 2019 that the controlling shareholder intended to transfer part of the company ' s shares by agreement.
The result of the concession. Joo Hae-min-hyeong became the final recipient, and Joo Hae-hyeong extended a collaborative invitation to the Gore electric power management in the form of a written invitation in a letter of intent. We believe that this stock has been transformed to facilitate the consolidation of resources between the two sides to improve the quality of listed companies and bring new dynamic to the future development of the Ge.
We believe that this change of stock to the best management capacity available in the Gorgium has increased the ability of both sides to integrate the industry, and that the combination will provide new momentum for the future development of the GmbH. We expect the company to do so.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner by the author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.