Wang Wei-chul will become more dynamic.
The company issued a public announcement that on 2 December 2019, the holding shareholder Greco Group and Joo Hae-min-hoon signed the Stock Transfer Agreement, whereby the price of Joo Hae-hoon would be set at $46.17 per share (a 4.5 per cent premium on the minimum transfer price after 3 September, and a 20.0 per cent discount on the company's collection on 29 November)
The group ' s 902,359,639 shares (15 per cent of the total stock of electric appliances) are locked for a fixed period of three years. The total amount transferred is $41.66 billion, of which Joo Hae-hyeong contributes $21.85 billion with his own funds and the remaining funds.
Sea Guaranteed Investment Co. Ltd. (8.91% shareholding), Greco Group (3.22% shareholding), with more fragmented shares, the company will have no real control over it. Company interests are more closely tied to management and incentives are varied: (1) management will hold
About 2.4 per cent of the shares of the Goli electrical appliances: the Quaker Investment is the company's management entity, consisting mainly of 18 managers (of which Ms. Dong Myeong Joo holds a share of 95.48 per cent), which holds 6.38 per cent of the shares directly, and 0.01 per cent indirectly through the Pearl Hae Show, and according to the agreement, the future
The management entity will also transfer 4.72 per cent of its holdings to its management entity, which will hold 11.11 per cent of its holdings, i.e. 1.67 per cent of its electric appliances, and 0.74 per cent of Ms. Dong's current holdings, with an overall management team holding a share ratio.
2.41 per cent. (2) gp gains motivate staff: According to the agreement, management entities will receive the gp gain from the gp at 41 per cent and allocate their existing 8 per cent share of the total gp gains to management and staff who make a significant contribution to the listed company in an appropriate manner (3).
Equity Incentives Scheme: In addition, under the agreement, after the transfer of shares has been completed, the listed company level will be promoted to the extent that management entities recognize an incentive of not more than 4 per cent of the total number of management and core staff Increase in management voice: in accordance with the charter and agreement of the listed company, the board of directors of the listed company will join the board of directors of the listed company.
There are nine directors, who are entitled to nominate three directors. The ultimate subject of the control of Joo Hae-hyeong is Joo Hae-hyeong, and the board of directors is composed of three members, and the management entity has the right to appoint one director, but two of them.
Directors need to be recognized by management entities. We believe that the company’s actual voice at the board of directors of listed companies will become more efficient in the future in decision-making about business management operations.
The average annual net profit share of listed companies is at least 50%. The average share of listed companies in the last 10 years has been 39.4%, but it has fluctuated considerably over the last two years.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: When equity transfers are completed, firm-management interests will be more closely tied, and it is expected that corporate dynamism will be further boosted, that high-profile interventions will help the company's capital to operate, and that dividends will be stabilized and positive for both the company's performance and valuation dimensions.
We expect the company to have a net profit of $27 billion in 2019, 2020 and an expected remuneration of $30.1 billion (expected return; er), as follows:
Figure: Equity structure after the transfer of equity