Gravity appliances (000651), home appliances, top-down, top-down management, stock digestion, south-west securities research and development centre.
Incidents: On December 2, 2019, the company issued a temporary suspension announcement and signed an agreement on the transfer of shares with the ultimate recipient, Jean-Chou Hae Myung-hoon. So much of the year-long transfer of shares in the Gorge finally landed, and I changed my position and the governance structure was optimized. Recall: On April 1st, 2019, the Gore electric appliances issued an announcement.
On August 13, Grigori announced a public call for a transfer of 15% of the company’s total stock. On October 29, the company identified the final recipient as Joo Hae-min, under the flag of high capital.
On 2 December, the company issued a temporary cut-off announcement and signed the Equity Transfer Agreement with the ultimate recipient, Fang Hao Myung-hoon. High capital was established in 2005 to focus on long-term structural value investments, focusing mainly on health, consumption, and other investment tracks, with excellent investment performance. High capital has always been dominated by its former management.
First, we expect that the new major shareholders will integrate more quickly and work closely with the former core management. At the same time, a change in the nature of the company’s home country will make it more flexible in a fully competitive home power industry, more diversified in the capital market, and we expect that the governance structure and incentives of the company will be optimized to a lesser extent than those of its competitors.
According to industry online data, 9.23 million domestic ACs were sold in July-September 2019, a decline of 6.77% compared to the previous year, 2.15 million were sold, compared to less than expected, and the rainy summers of the rainy season also led to high pipeline stocks. On the one hand, to reduce the banks.
In response to the pressure, on the other hand, to the decline in the market share of low-end markets, on November 9, Género announced a double profit of $3 billion for an unprecedented marketing campaign. On November 26, after the end of the double 11, Género announced an “an additional $111 billion” campaign. We believe that the stock is under pressure and raw material prices are high.
When the lower rows provide space, the price war is bound to break out, and will continue until the next season, but we believe that mature monopolistic industries in low-end markets are an opportunity to accelerate industrial adjustment and further increase market concentration.
Gravity Electrical (000651); Overperformance, Modified Uplifting Valuation (2019-09-02), optimized governance, enhanced flexibility, and maintained a “buy-in” rating, taking into account the changes in corporate location.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.