The world's leading industry in intelligence manufacturing and internationalization, China's Stones, Chinese Stones (600176), semi-annual review of 2017.
The net profit of the shareholders of the public company was RMB 1,006 million, an increase of 32.08 per cent over the same period the previous year, and the net profit of the non-recurring gains and losses attributable to the shareholders of the listed company was RMB 974 million, an increase of 28.86 per cent over the same period the previous year. Sales led to an increase in operating income in the second quarter of the year and a faster increase in foreign revenue.
\triangleright \triangleright, 47.44%, and operating income from foreign operations grew faster than in the country. unit efficiency and raw materials led to an increase in the Māori rate, with three rates falling near net interest rate hikes.
\triangleright grew by 2.48% over the same period. The main reason for this is that scale effects increase production efficiency and reduce manufacturing costs.
Price capacity. Cost rates decreased during the period, from 1.38% to 16.61% for the three rates combined. The largest decline was in the financial cost rate, with the output distribution effect gradually beginning to emerge, and the qualitative effects of internationalization and scale expansion of technology and new construction began to emerge. The 50 million m electric fabric production line technology project was set on fire in July 2017; Egypt produced 40,000 tons of high-performance fibreglass production lines in three phases a year.
In the third quarter of 2017, production will be completed; in the first half of 2017, the United States annual production of 80,000 tons of fibreglass line has begun the construction phase of infrastructure, which is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2018; in the first half of 2017, the construction of an expansion of the annual production line of 600,000 tons of flask pseudo-platinum powder from the Kiyosu village company Ltd. was officially launched; and in the third quarter, the construction of an annual production line of 100,000 tons of unsaturated polyester resin was launched.
It is planned to begin construction in the second quarter of 2017, to be completed by the end of the year. It is planned to begin construction. It will be completed by the end of the year.
Post-production capacity will be upgraded to 30,000 tons of high-performance fibreglass, which will be launched in late 2017, with a construction period of one year. The company plans to set up the Great Stone India Fibre Company and to create a 100,000-ton annual production of alkali-free fibre-cylinder kiln threads in the second phase of the Talega industrial complex in Mahara, Shitra Pune, India, with a projected construction period of two years.
In the first half of 2017, the corporate smart manufacturing base was initially designed to improve competitiveness by further strengthening the company’s position in the industry through smart manufacturing, using the \triangleright “double integration” requirement as an opportunity to improve productivity.
In the first half of 2017, the Giant Stone Group proposed the construction of a new 300,000-ton annual fibreglass-smart production line in the Zhejiang province economic development zone, which began in the second half of 2017 and was completed in five years. The company has a core set of technologies with autonomous intellectual property rights and world-class standards.
Pool kiln production provides the basis for taking advantage of high-quality high-tech products. \triangleright builds and internationalizes the space for companies to develop and maintain the company’s “very recommended” investment rating.
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity. Master of Economics, Central University of Finance and Economics. Entered the securities industry in 2008. Years of industrial research experience.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.