China Stones (600176.sh) March to Indian markets, internationalization progressing steadily Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
On 17 August, the company issued an announcement that China ' s giant stone was about to establish a giant stone India in the Taliga industrial district of Pune, Maharashtra, India, and that it was planning to invest $246 million in the construction of a 100,000-ton annual alkaline production line for a kiln.
It's a giant stone India, and it's an overseas layout. It's a giant rock Indian fibres company, with a registered capital of $10 million. Of that amount, China's giant stones have invested $99 million in $246 million in self-financing and bank loans to build a 100,000-ton annual infertile kiln.
The silk production line, which will be built on the basis of market conditions, will be constructed for a two-year project cycle, pending the completion of the project, with an estimated annual average sales revenue of around $100 million and a total profit of $26.48 million, will continue to increase corporate performance.
1. The Probity Industry has a high profile, with an over-expected performance of one quarter - the city of Pune, which is about 200 km from the port of Mumbai. The Great Stone India is located in Pune, the seventh largest city in India and the western region of India, where it is accessible from the port of Mumbai, the largest port in India.
The production line can be completed by means of an in-depth study by Bombay Port, 2017.4.21.
“Indian manufacturing” offers new opportunities, and the yield penetration rate is expected to increase further. Currently, the Government of India has upgraded “Indian manufacturing” to a national strategy that will significantly develop the application of new composite materials and increase their use.
We believe that, as a developing country, India’s permeability of fibre-combined materials is huge, and as a high-value composite, the fibres are expected to penetrate rapidly into industries and companies are expected to seize the opportunities for the future development of India’s composite materials industry by pre-positioning them.
Internationalization is improving and overseas production is increasing. The Great Stone India is the third production base to be laid overseas after the company Egypt (200,000 tons) and the United States (80,000 tons), when it comes to production, and the total overseas capacity will reach 380,000 tons, further increasing in size. In our view, companies enter.
After the military-Indian market, the company’s global industrial profile will be further refined to achieve the strategic objective of “outside supply” of products, effectively avoiding the negative effects of trade friction and enhancing the company’s core competitiveness. • Guided by a “one-way” strategy, the company has accelerated its global expansion, with market ownership rates increasing.
Wong Joon-hyun, the global landscape of the bovine industry is down, political risks in China and India, investment risks abroad, graph 2: Pune City map
Chart 1: Map of India Appendix: Summary of Three Statement Forecasts Analysis of Related Report Rating Ratios in the Market
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.