China's Great Stone (600176.sh) has a strong leadership position and maintains high growth performance Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
The company’s basics (RMB) are well-growing and growing. The demand in the wind power, thermoplastics, and the coatings sector is driven by a total sales volume of about 650,000 tons, of which q2 achieved a net profit of 539 million yuan, which was high during the same period last year.
The growth of 31.5 per cent on base showed a strong growth momentum; at the same time, corporate products were sold overseas with a good head, with 160,000 tons of capacity currently available in Egypt, with an additional 40,000 tons of capacity added in three quarters, and companies accelerated the pace of “outside supply” to address the effects of anti-dumping, including in the EU, at the end of 18th century.
1. "The Probarian industry is in a good state, with one quarter of over-expected performance -- the US will be able to produce 80,000 tons of production capacity, which will reach 280,000 tons abroad, and the internationalization process will be steadily moving forward. " 2. "The low-valued leader, the leader of the Probarian industry - China's Great Stone.
Cost control continues to improve and profitability increases. In the first half of the year, the company ' s Māori ratio reached 46.27 per cent, an increase of more than 2.48 percentage points over the same period last year, mainly due to 16 years of cold-renovation and re-entry of production lines and the start-up of new production lines, and their efficiency and productivity.
At the same time, companies are actively restructuring their products, increasing the proportion of wind, thermal and short-cut silk products, approaching 60% for high-end products, increasing the single-same Māori ratio and further improving profitability.
The industrial chain extends downwards to a composite material dealer. The company’s equity participation (shareholding 32.04%) extends downstream to the leafy area, and during the first half of the year it achieved $680 million in revenues, a net gain of $75.7 million, which is expected to be seized in the second half of the year, given the lower prices of wind and grid power in early 18th year.
In addition, the company’s production of 100,000 tons of unsaturated polyester resin per year will be launched in three quarters, marking a substantial step forward in the provision of a package of “boil + resin” composite services solution and industrial restructuring.
In addition, the company plans to build 300,000 tons of smart manufacturing production lines over the next five years.
The next phase of technology and equipment upgrading and storage will either lead to technological innovation in the entire industry, and there are many assets and expectations for consolidation. China’s giant rock and Chinese technology are under the banner of China’s building materials.
The convergence of operations, such as fibres, leaves, and the consolidation of related assets, will be gradually realized as the consolidation of medium-building materials is completed, with a strong focus on reform. At the same time, as a global trade commodity, fibres are expected to accelerate global expansion in the larger context of the region.
With the warming of downstream demand and the release of production capacity, the company will benefit fully from the downside of the industrial landscape, the concentration of production capacity will release lower prices and lower downstream demand.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.