Kang Eining's net profit for the first half of the year, yoy+32 per cent, meets expectations, and profitability continues to improve.
Performance is in line with performance forecasts and market expectations, with a quarterly return of 2.220 billion yuan, y0y+13.5 per cent, net profit of 536 million yuan, y0y+33.3 per cent, performance rate uphill Māori and cost control effective: first half of 2017 Global Glass Fibres Industry
The rapid growth in net corporate profits was mainly due to (1) the optimal restructuring of the company ' s production structure during the reporting period, with a further increase in the sales of high-end products (wind, thermal, etc.) (exceeding).
The combined Māori rate has increased by 46.3 per cent over the same period, and profitability has increased. (2) The cost of a company has decreased by three rates over the reporting period, while the cost of a company's product structure has accelerated: at the end of its capacity, the company's capacity and sales have been maintained.
Two-digit growth, with a total capacity of more than 1.3 million tons. During the reporting period, the company’s kyo-su-gang produced 600,000 tons of flask per year, which was expanded smoothly, while its annual production of 100,000 tons of unsaturated polyester resin, accounted for a share of the share in circulation.
The line is also expected to be operational in the third quarter, marking the company’s successful process of industrial structural optimization, and the company’s gradual diversification towards industrial diversification. In terms of profitability, the company’s manufacturing costs control is evident, combined energy consumption and ton-clothing costs are decreasing, and future manufacturing costs and ton-clothing costs remain.
There is room for continued decline: at the same time, the share of high-end, high-value-added products is stable in the structure of the product, China's Stones-upper index is solidly rising, the combined Māori ratio of corporate products is expected to continue to rise in the future, and the profitability of the company will continue to increase.
Further upswings. At the demand level, the boom in the fibre-optics sector is still stable, the growth rate in inward fixed investment, capital investment, new construction, etc. will slow, and the demand in the fibre-optics sector is expected to slow down, and the price of the fibre-optics will be under pressure.
Profit forecasting: High technical barriers in the fibre-optic industry, companies as leading firms in the domestic and global fibre-optic industry, technology leaders, strong industry positions, and year-on-year market ownership, both at home and abroad.chinaresearchdept.com.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: