The main air engine industry is growing steadily, and operating cash flows are visible.
Xiao Qiao  The main aviation engine grew steadily in 2017 960 million yuan, a 7.78 per cent increase in the same year and 525 million net profit from the non-repatriation of the mother, a decline in the same year
By sub-product, aviation engines and derivatives generated revenues of $18,949 million, correspondingly with the increase in the number of orders and tasks for empty engines and derivatives, and the decline in the Maori rate was mainly due to the increase in the cost of the largest direct material relative to the increase in the ratio (60.86 per cent versus 12.01 per cent); and external trade.
In terms of costs, the corporate sales cost rate, the administrative cost rate and the financial cost rate decreased by 27.62 per cent in 2017, respectively, from the net non-mortality profit of $525 million.
Non-current asset disposal gains and losses from non-current gain and loss items increased significantly in 2017 from $258 million to $3.37 million in the same period in the previous year, as a result of the company ' s increased investment returns from the disposal of affiliates in the current year.
The air engine and derivatives business with Lilyang's engine grew, with dawn companies growing at a faster rate of 15.27 per cent. Māori affected by direct materials decreased, with net return on the disposal of assets dependent on net profit.
In 2017, the company ' s net operating cash flow was 973 million yuan, an increase of 150.55 per cent over the same period, mainly due to an increase in military goods and cash received in advance.
The slowness of payments, the high level of receivables and the resulting risk of bad debt, and the implementation of military reforms since 2014 have led to slower returns from military-industrial enterprises, and we believe that the cash flow at the main airport has improved since 2017, as the military reform has gradually reached its end.
The engine produced by the company for the installation of the new aircraft is sold mainly to the main military aircraft plants belonging to the China-China Industrial Group, so the company's association with China-China Industrial Group can be seen in the annual assembly.
According to the announcement, the company sold its merchandise to the China-China Industrial Group in 2016 for $5,676 million and 2017 for $5,598 million. We believe that the decline in the volume of the related transaction in 2017 was due to the fact that part of the company was old as the second-generation aircraft were phased out.
The company’s engine revenues for new aircraft are expected to grow rapidly with the continuation of the three- and four-generation aircraft and the increase in the domestic production rate of the engines. The company’s forecast at the beginning of 2017 was $4.9 billion for this joint transaction and $5,598 million for the year as a whole.
Considering that there is still room for improvement in the value of the associated transaction throughout the year 2018, we believe that the company, as a leading domestic aviation engine company, will benefit in the long term from the continued build-up of our first military aircraft, which is a good growth, and we predict the company's 2018-2020.
For the first time we covered the scarcity of the head, we gave an “enhancement” rating. Development of a new type of engine was not as fast as expected; installation of a downstream military aircraft was not as fast as expected.
By sub-product, revenues from aviation engines and derivatives amounted to $18.949 billion, or 84.01 per cent, an increase of 7.46 per cent in the same year, and the Māori rate of 20.33 per cent (-0.86 pt). The increase was mainly due to an increase in the number of orders and tasks for aviation engines and derivatives. The decline in Māori rates was due mainly to an increase in the direct materials with the largest cost share (cost: 60.86 per cent, an increase in the same year).
On the cost side, the rates for corporate sales, management and finance in 2017 were 1.12 per cent, 10.27 per cent, 3.27 per cent, plus 0.13 pct, +0.27 pct, -0.43 pct respectively. The increase in sales costs was mainly due to higher sales services and higher amortization of low-value consumables. The increase in management costs was mainly due to a comparison of research and development fees, depreciation, utilities and greening fees
This increase over the same period in the previous year; the decrease in the financial cost rate was due mainly to the implementation of the new guidelines for government subsidies in the current year, the application of the netting method for fiscal interest discounts, which offsets current financial costs. Billion dollars, a 27.62 per cent decrease in the same year.
In addition, the non-current asset disposal gains and losses in non-current gain and loss items increased significantly, from $258 million in 2017 to $337 in the same period the previous year, with three major subsidiaries of the company, Dawn, South and Leyang, having increased their aviation engine and derivative operations in 2017, at a faster rate of 15.27 per cent.
Overall, the company was operating well in 2017, with a steady growth in the main aviation engine industry, a decline in the rate of Maori affected by direct materials, and a continued increase in the net return on the disposal of assets.
In 2017, the company ' s net operating cash flow was $973 million, an increase of 150.55 per cent over the same period, mainly due to an increase in military goods and cash received in advance. The following table shows the net operating cash flow derived from net profits, which shows a significant increase in operating cash flows in 2017 compared to 2016, mainly due to a decrease in accounts receivable in the plus project, and accounts receivable in 2016.
An increase of $2,534 million, a decrease of $222 million in 2017. There has been a risk of bad debts arising from the generally slow return of military-industrial enterprises and the high level of receivables. The implementation of military-industrial reforms since 2014 has led to a slower rate of repatriation of military-industrial companies.
The company's aeronautical engine product can be divided into engines and backup engines used to assemble new aircraft, which, in general, are sold mainly to the main aircraft plants of the Chinese Air Industry Group, and the back-up engines are picked directly by the military.
We're in the midst of a new generation of military aircraft fast-tracking, but the amount of company-associated transactions has fallen slightly, because we believe that the company's demand for some of its old models has fallen as the second-generation aircraft have been phased out.
The impact of the next two generations will diminish, and with the continuation of the three-generation, four-generation aircraft and the increase in the domestic production rate of the engines, billions of yuan, the actual value of the year in the annual report will be $5,598 million, the sum of the associated transactions we consider to be for the entire year 2018, the sum of the related transactions to the Shipping Group for the year, $19.22, and the amount of the associated transactions for the sale of the goods to the Chinese shipping industry.
We assume that the impact of the second-generation shutdown from 2018 on air engines and derivatives will diminish, while the company will grow faster with the continued installation of three-generation aircraft, four-generation aircraft and the increase in the rate of domesticization of engines.
In the area of foreign trade subcontracting production, we believe that the decline in revenue in 2017 was due mainly to the fact that the company's cost advantage was no longer sudden and that, as the company changed its strategy of external cooperation to improve the quality of its products, we thought that the business would grow steadily from 2018, with non-avigational products and other business aspects, and we thought that under the “skinned body” strategy, the company's non-avigational engine industry was operating under the company's non-air engine industry.
We believe that the company, as the lead company for domestic aviation engines, will benefit from the long-term scarcity of our advanced military aircraft as the leader of our aviation engines, which we cover for the first time, giving an “additional” rating. The development of the new engine is not as fast as expected; and the installation of the downstream military aircraft is not as fast as expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board