On 26 April, the company issued its first quarterly report for 2018, which achieved operating income of 2,737 million yuan, an increase of 1.8 per cent over the same period;
The deficit was significantly reduced and the year-round performance was expected to increase significantly \triangleright, with company losses of $58 million in the first quarter of 2018, and losses of $900 million during the same period last year, with a sharp decrease in the same loss margin.
Small, we assume that the main reason is the volume of military supplies. In 2018, the Air Force Air Force was largely transformed from a “military-division” to a “base 1” brigade, vortex 10b was successfully developed, new models were successfully advanced, army training was upgraded, and the company was expected to achieve high growth in its performance throughout the year.
The main cause of the performance outbreak is \triangleright, the main cause of the O1 performance.
One new item: In February 2017, the Chinese Air Journal revealed that the "Tex" engine improvement model was developed successfully by the Chinese industry. Reports indicate that the boost of the turbo fan-10b engine has increased to 14.5 tons (142.1 thousand cows).
2 Spare parts: Since the change of the army, the Army has been training more effectively in combat and the air force has been training more intensively. In November 2017, the Air Force organized the “Red Sword-2017” exercise, involving dozens of units of aircraft, motivated by the consumption in the aviation industry, the increase in training inevitably led to an increase in maintenance and an increase in engine spare parts.
Military Aerial Engine Manufacturing Platform, with wide market space, \triangleright is the backbone of our aviation engine industry, with all kinds of vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, pistons.
According to Chinese intelligence, the total market demand for air engines and gas turbines in China for 2014-2033 is over 2 trillion yuan, including 1.5 trillion yuan for civilian flights, 800 billion yuan for military flights and 530 billion yuan for gas turbines.
The market is wide. The company is a domestic engine engine manufacturing platform, benefiting from the gradual formation of future military aircraft, and we value the companies 49x, 38x, and 31x, with a “strongly recommended” rating.
1. Summary evaluation report: Chen Long, Head of the Military Industry Group, Doctorate in Military Organization of the Military Academy of Sciences, Master of Military Communication, Defence Science and Technology University, 14 years of military service, former platoon leader, company commander, training officer, research assistant, April 2015 Allied Democratic Securities Institute, for military industry studies.
Wang Yichuan, Research Assistant in the Military Industry, Master of Financial Sciences, Fordham University, United States, one year of experience in equity investment work, 2015 Confederate Democratic Securities Institute, from which the author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality and not being influenced by any third party.