The naval festival is about to begin with the launch of a warplane, which will be a hot spot for attention.
On April 23, 2019, on the 70th anniversary of the construction of the Chinese Navy, an international cruise will take place in Qing island, and we believe that the aircraft is a major focus of the ship's view.
Also developed for the Shen Fei Group, the unstereotyped Dynamite-31, with its superior performance, has great potential for future embarkation.1 The South China Sea parades have demonstrated the navy’s strength, and the Qingshima Sea is looking forward to the upcoming international cruise, which will mark the 70th anniversary of the Navy’s founding, and will certainly be a spectacular event, with the active carrier Liaoning.
According to satellite images released by ISAT, the half-year-old Liaoning ship arrived in Qingdao Province on 1 March. On board the 002, which opened China's dual carrier era, the ship's starboard had not been painted before, but given the symbolic significance of the naval festival and the progress of the previous Liaoning ship, the two sails were launched.
The master of the sea is one of the largest, most complex and most powerful weapons in the world, reflecting the combined strength of a state. The carrier raises a nation’s capacity at sea in a concrete manner, providing long-range anti-aircraft capabilities and long-range maritime strike capabilities, and extending the range of operations at sea.
In this process, the aircraft on board is of extraordinary significance, as its performance directly determines the carrier’s combat power, and the number of aircraft on board reflects, to some extent, the carrier’s strength. As the warplanes re-emerge, the world’s major military powers began to study the issue of a new generation of fighter jets on board.
The South China Sea parade in 2018 was the largest sea parade ever in the history of the new China, and the battle force, based on the size of the battle formation, is considerable. The Liaoning ship, which has been screened in this parade, is a key equipment for the strategic transformation of the Chinese Navy, leading to a real movement of the Chinese Navy.
Deep blue, to provide cover for the naval forces. After the parade, four fighter jets, 109, 113, 123, 119 and 15, took off from the distance and jumped to show the naval force of the Liaoning.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom now most of the world's carriers are jumping off, with only the United States and France using ejection. In contrast to jumping off, the ejector has two main advantages: first, to increase the number of boarders on board the deck, because jumping off requires a sufficient length of slide to set aside the aircraft on board.
Run distance; second, more weapons can be mounted and more engine life increased, because jumping off requires a high push from a ship-borne engine in a short period of time, demanding heavy fuel, and ejection is not a problem. As countries increase their demand for mother-to-child combat, ejection technology is a major trend, and according to media reports, the technology is already available in the country.
In August 2009, the pilot flew successfully. In November 2012, he completed his take-off test on the Liaoning ship, marking the official Chinese launch.
In the carrier age, counter-su-33, anti-ship combat missions can be mounted with anti-ship missiles, instead of using anti-aircraft combat operations like Su-33. And, using a large amount of composite materials, it is also providing a rich space for follow-up.
In addition to assisting the emergency recovery aircraft, the partners can refuel. In addition to increasing the capacity and volume of the aircraft on board, it is important for the aircraft to slip off.
Large, even with a relatively small take-off load of oil and shells on heavy-duty aircraft, the partners can fully exploit the advantages of heavy-duty aircraft in terms of the amount of oil and the amount of ammunition they carry. And, the partners' refuelling machines can take on both refuelling and combat tasks.
Fig. 2: Dip-15d coatings, Figure 3: Dip-15 completes partner refuelling training. The current series of Dip-15 aircraft is the main carrier of our aircraft, with its long distances, high weapons loads, even in the future.
The U.S. has developed a successful ship-borne version of the invisible warplane, which remains the indispensable air backbone of the Chinese carrier formation. 3, 31 : high and low combinations for internal sales, and cheap sales for good. \triangleright \triangleright
The heavy fighters will form a high- and low-strength mix to serve our military forces. Detonation-31 will be based on a full-scale flat-end conventional air movement layout, with large s-rolling channels on both sides, and the chamber will be built in.
China now owns two fifth-generation invisible aircraft, both of which, driven by the boost of carrier combat power, have the potential to board ships in the future, but the potential for boarding ships is even greater. First, medium-sized ding 31 has a smaller size, and the same deck/airlock size can be docked in more aircraft, thus maintaining longer space/wheel hours and gaining more initiative for the carrier battle group. Second, the upper deck of ding-31.
The ship will be less difficult to adapt than the titanium-20, which, in addition to the folding required to transform the large triangle configuration into a fleet, will require a close coupling of the duck wing and the main wing, with the aerodynamic layout adjusted to move the whole body and to make the changes more difficult. Thirdly, titanium alloys from titanium-31 are 25 per cent high and have a higher weight ratio, so that they can begin and fall on shorter decks.
In addition to embarking on ships, the export prospects for Dynamite-31 are enormous, and the competitors in the current market are mainly F-35. Although Dynamite-31 is not yet fixed, according to the information available, Daz-31 is capable of performing exactly as much as F-35, or even showing some advantage. First, F-35 has designed a thick airframe to install a huge vortex engine, but Demoton-31 has been optimized in full accordance with ultrasonic area rates, reducing resistance.
Third, according to Jane's Defence Week, the combat radius of Dynamite-31 is 1250 km, exceeding f-35. The most important thing is that f-35 is sold at a high price, while demo-31 is priced at a high price, with excellent performance and a good reputation for our warplane in the world's militarized market or an opportunity to gain a larger market share.
Table 1: Dynamite-31 versus f-35a
According to military expert Yoon Cheol, in the future we will have six carriers, including two skiing carriers and four ejecting carriers, and currently 24 to 15 on carrier 001 and 28 to 15 on carrier 002. We predict that the next four ejecting carriers will carry 12 to 15 and 36 to 31 and will require 12 to 15 and 12 to 15 to 24.
We believe that the company, as a platform for our fighter jets and fleets, will benefit from a substantial increase in future core military supplies, and that the launch of the equity incentive scheme also demonstrates the management’s confidence that future performance will continue to grow. Corporate stock prices have stagnated significantly since this year, and the Navy has been looking at ships or at the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East, the research assistant's brief.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.