The market's focus on corporate performance has increased again, and by collating projections of the performance of mainstream military-industrial companies for the next two years, we believe that China has become a major player.
Shen Fei lost $22 million in the first quarter of 2018, mainly from high overhead costs of $162 million. According to media reports, the Department of Public Information delivered far more planes in the first quarter of this year than it did in the preceding quarter, and the first quarter was a rough one, and the advance bill could be $10.7 billion last year.
As a result of the constant adjustment of tactical requirements, aircraft functions are constantly upgraded, and post-partum aircraft prices tend to be higher.
Provisional prices. The tentative prices for Shen Fei’s type of rigs-15, 16 etc. cannot cover costs. They need to be offset. The total difference in the delivery of the plane will be distributed in instalments to the enterprise.
3 - 11d batches and 16th batches. D-11d is located in a three-generation, semi-heavy, high-duty, warplane, mainly replacing Su-27, Dho-11a, and Dho-11b. Our Air Force has received a total of 393 su-27, Dho-11a, Dho-11-b/bs (including scavengers-11bh/bsh), with 360 current holdings, excluding those to be decommissioned and destroyed.
So, the forecast-11d replacement space is about 360. The advantage is that its outer hanger can be mounted on the country’s various active-duty and more than 200 bombing-7.
In the future, Shenyang and Yang State House will form a “North Design, South Study” framework, with a clearer division of labour and a clearer synergy of innovative ideas.
The Yangzhou Academy is mainly engaged in pre-researching, taking on a pre-emptive role, model design or Shenyang, with a far-reaching meaning similar to the 624 “South Migrations” in the field of aviation engines, which heralds the opening of institutional reforms at the Institute of Aeronautical Studies.5 The doubling of production should not be remote.
At present, the combined annual production of the Flying, Shen Flying, Advanced Aircraft is about 100, which is roughly enough to meet the need for our Air Force to change its fleet of about three fighters a year. Compared to the United States, there is a large gap between the numbers and performance indicators of our military-industrially produced fighters.
The Chinese Air Force currently has nearly a thousand second-generation aircraft awaiting retirement, and more than a hundred third-generation aircraft are on their way to life. It is expected that the “war” rate of invisibility verification will probably rise next year with the production of four-generation invisible fighters from two warplane manufacturers.
In order to speed up the pace of financing and build new pulsative production lines, it should not be long before the “North-South” capacity doubles. The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom and the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom.
The research assistant gives a brief overview of the study's findings.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.