The vortex-19 has been certified.
The former vortex-19 has completed ground verification, creating the shortest record of our air engine development time. The official vortex-19 will be equipped with titanium-31, with a double hair configuration of 20 tons of total thrust, which is expected to be matched to f35, and will be truly invisible.
The vortex--19 veil is gradually opened, and the vortex-19 is an engine of a two-wheeler, plus-band vector-jet, which, according to the current data, has a push ratio of 9 to 9.5, with a thrust of about 10 tons, which is larger than the ej200 engine in Europe. The vortex-19 weighs only about 1,000 kg, compared to the third generation engine.
The vortex-19 validation machine completed high-altitude station tests in 2011 and entered the prototype assembly phase in 2017. The prototype has completed ground tests, followed by high-altitude station tests, and finally the loading flight. The vortex-19 research and development reference target is f414. It was designed by General Electric based on the US Navy’s demand for f/a-18e/f.
F414, based on the company’s f404 and f412, with a push ratio of 9, which was fixed and handed over in 1998, turbo motors have been highly valued by the world’s air powers since the 1950’s. With the development of turbo motor technology, countries such as the United Kingdom, the United States, the former Soviet Union and others have developed a fourth generation of high-speed, high-performance fighter jets, and since the mid-1980’s.
The world's air power began to develop a new generation of engines for the fifth generation of fighters. The vortex-19 created the shortest record of the development time of our aviation engines, which is important for the development of our domestically produced engines. It took only one year to complete engine design and “zero” break-ups; six months to complete the first engine test validation and a breakthrough in efficiency and success rates for domestic engines; and launch mechanisms.
The manufacturing cycle has been shortened by two-thirds, leading to a breakthrough in the domestic engine manufacturing cycle. If the vortex-19 can successfully serve as a push engine, it will provide a strong and reliable power system for the country’s fleet of light and medium-sized fighter aircraft, unmanned aerial vehicles, and unmanned aerial vehicles.
2. The power of the Deuterium-31 equipment will be significantly increased, with additional chips for the ship on board being underpowered until the time of the Deuterus-31, and with a serious black smoke problem, which can be effectively addressed by the successful development of the vortex-19.The radium-31 machine is equipped with an engine with a maximum boost of 8.3 tons of rd-93, with only 3-generation levels, which clearly cannot be met.
Eastern financial and intellectual sources of combat and shipboard demand: 02 machines have been replaced with a vortex-13e engine with a maximum force thrust of 9 tons, which is an increment of the Russian rd-33 family's national imitation vortex-13, but it still does not fully perform the stun-31 function.
The problem, with a significant increase in the ratio of air warfare, and a significant increase in the acceleration capacity and the ability to climb, is critical for the aircraft. And, with a vortex-19 engine, thug-31 will be equipped with super-mobile and ultrasonic cruises, truly invisible and in line with domestic expectations of a fifth-generation fighter to board the ship.
In April 2018, U.S. military officials accused the F35 engine manufacturer of F35, which announced an upgraded f135 engine push of up to 22 tons, meant that F35, after the equipment, would be the battle for U.S. 2 to achieve ultrasonic cruises.
In this situation, a new generation of intermediate thrust engines is about to be replaced by a new generation of medium thrust engines, and this vortex-19 has undoubtedly been certified with a strong heart needle. Meanwhile, vortex-19, by double-haired configuration of scavenger-31, is not difficult to catch up with f35 at the power level.
\triangleright Air Engines can determine the performance of a fighter aircraft, and their domesticization is also a necessary route for their development. China's Aerial Engine Industries began in the 1950s, starting with the initial simulation of Russia and now embarking on autonomous research and development.
Motivated by vortex-6, with more than 10 tons of thrust, the second is vortex-14 (Quinlon), which is a problem of compatibility due to a hard mix of extra-foreign engine parts. The third is vortex-10 (too well), referring to the United States ' f110, which, although increasing in fuel consumption and weight ratio, suffers from deficiencies such as speedier, high-mobile flights, which are easy to breathe and stop.
The design and validation speed of the vortex 19 was almost unprecedented in the history of China’s air engines, representing the highest level of our medium-powered aviation engines. East’s financial boom.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East, the research assistant's brief.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.