In the area of free trade ports: 19 major reports on the granting of free trade pilot zones
Greater autonomy to reform and explore the creation of free-trade ports. Review: Free-trade ports (also known as free ports) are those located in countries and territories, outside customs control checkpoints, which allow free access to goods and funds from abroad.
Free ports are divided into free and limited ports.
The key difference is that there is a difference between customs policies on the regulation of goods. The most central role of free ports is to trade offshore and trans-shipment, to establish a third-party role between producing and consuming countries, and to use third-party land for processing manufacturing.
This can be expected to leave the added value of the huge overseas trade within the range of radiation in the port area, thereby driving the development of the local economy.
It is proposed that a global network of trade, investment, production and services be created, with total market value/flow (millions of dollars) to accelerate the development of international economic cooperation. We believe that the experience of the Shanghai Free Trade Area will be relied upon.
A 12-month maximum/minimum test of a free port is the inevitable option. This will benefit the upper port group, which is responsible for the country's rapid growth in its business of 002120.sz.
It is clear that there has been an increase in strategic resolve.
There are more than 7,000 businesses in the economy. Small and weak features, low levels of homogeneity, and the proposed integration of transport resources in the Yangtze economy.
In December 2014, the Yangtze River Basin Port Logistics Area of the Nanjing Port Initiative began to be tasted.
The Transport Weekly - The 19th Closing Session, Launching Pilot Cooperation. 9 Port Companies and 5 Shipping Companies, Shanghai Group, July 2017.
In November 2017, the Hong Kong Federation, which brings together 115 ports, shipping, and logistics, launched the Yangtze Economic Zone Shipping Alliance.
In the context of excess port capacity and increased inter-port competition, the consolidation of regional port resources is increasing.
There is a consensus on integration. Capital is the main form of union because of the physical location of the port and the radiation zone. The Shanghai Group has taken the lead in laying out, inter alia, capital bonds and agreements to consolidate port resources along the 2nd city of Jiang 6 and deepen the Yangtze River.
The strategic layout has worked. In 2016, the number of containers coming from the Shanghai Sea from the Yangtze River, the Shanghai Free Trade Port (600018.sh) + the Yangtze Economic Zone, with the twin-dips concept accounting for about 28% of the total, became one of the largest sources of goods in Shanghai along the Yangtze River.
The understanding of the Alliance is that the strong are always strong. State policy is generally strong and strong, steadily increasing the overall strength of the enterprise. In combination with Shanghai's strategy, participation, and the acquisition of the Eastern overseas strategy by the Middle and Far Seas, the company is now operating from a single port.
The transition to “one major diversity” is intended to be the world's pre-eminent terminal operator and port logistics service provider, with a large blue fund-raising profile.
25,215 million, an increase of 10.53 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net return profit of 4,763 million.