Food and beverages in the old cellars of the state (000568), product structure continues to be optimized, high-end cellars fly across the country, southwest securities research and development centre.
• Recommended logic: (a) To benefit from consumption escalation and from the high price of the matai, the strong value-added advantage of the 1,000-bit brand, the good purchasing power and acceptance of consumers, with a compound increase of more than 15 per cent over the next three years; and (b) the cellar, as a second-rate brand with a price of only two dollars, is expected to generate 24 per cent of the compound income growth over the next three years, which will continue to take hold.
After five years of progress, companies have made great strides in brands, products, channels, etc., and have explored development models that fit their own characteristics and strengths; on this basis, the cellars have achieved a steady increase in volume prices, and have led to an acceleration of product structure optimization.
Companies have explored efficient and replicable market openings, with the 2020 Henan conference meeting meeting on schedule, with high growth rates in emerging markets such as China East and South China, with national expansion gaining ground; and a clear path to the growth of the cellars, in the context of steady expansion of the high-end alcohol and accelerated market layout, leading to a sustained release of firm performance elasticity.
One, coupled with economic growth, rising income levels, and the growth of wealthy groups, the demand for white wine has grown more robustly. Two, industry differentiation and drama under the epidemic, the rapid recovery of powerful wine sales, performance and the pressure of a slightly weaker brand, have become apparent.
In the context of industry-stressed growth, there is a clear trend among the strong. 3. High-end wine lanes are the most excellent, robust in terms of certainty, and, in a context of high price and supply constraints, the size of the cellars operates with sufficient space to reap the full benefits of high-end alcohol expansion.
• Brands, products, channels, and management have made a historic breakthrough. Since the new management came into office, the strategic thinking has been clear, the reform measures have been implemented with determination, the competitive advantages of the rich and thin companies have been constantly magnified, and there is now a historical leap from a fall to a recovery.
Branding, with 83% of advertising and market expansion fees in 2014-2019, is beginning to rejuvenate. At the end of the product: the product structure is fundamentally reversed, driven by successive increases in the cellars, which rose from a low of 18% in 2014 to 66% in 2020; the epidemic hit the country by 2020.
Long-resilience highlights that the same-year-old growth is more than 20%, with 21q1 cellars continuing to grow high-quality and growing at a rate that continues to lead high-end liquor. Channel ends: the brand-based corporate model is activated, self-built marketing teams go deep into front-line market operations, strong channel control and thick-channel profits go hand in hand, markets operate efficiently and flexibly, and access advantages become more apparent.
• The potential for high growth is high. 1 - Building on good management and marketing innovation, companies sunk their share in the grain silo market, rapidly fostering a consumption climate in emerging markets with a war-making model; the Henan conference goals of 2020 were completed on schedule, the markets of China and the East continued high growth, and nationalization was gaining ground.
2. The first phase of the Yellow Shirt base was successfully launched, with the addition of 35,000 tons of high-quality bikini in 2021, with substantial improvements in the low-end headline and binary quality, which are expected to restore high growth. 3. Benefiting from 1,000-dollar price belt expansions and poo wines, the price of which is insufficient and the future price of the cellar is sufficient; at the same time, it is accompanied by the release and growth of brands.
The country’s high-end drinking status and the expansion of nationalization have been smooth, and the company has performed the most resiliently among the three high-end wines.
Momentum, 1455 Swords, 3 knapsacks (2021-07-01) Compensation reform stimulates business activity (2021-04-30) 3. Cemetery in the Länder (000568).
4. Cedars (000568), product structure upgrades and fees, leading to high performance growth 1) benefiting from steady expansion of high-end alcohol and rapid release of new markets, steady price growth of 1,573 volumes in the cellar; and robust growth in 2021
Recovering the recovery in demand and the lower base, the medium end alcohol is returning to rapid growth. This is expected to increase equally between 2021 and 2023, with upscaling of consumption by residents and streamlining of low end sku, with a clear impact on low end alcohol and, under effective control of the epidemic, an increase of 8 per cent, 0 per cent, 0 per cent, and a 7.5 per cent increase in ton prices, respectively, is projected for 2021-2023.
3) Accompanied by the increase in volume has a significant scale effect, with continuous improvements in management and marketing efficiency, and a marginal reduction in cost rates. We differ from the market view, where companies are the successors to high-end alcohol and the price followers, with a slow build-up of high-end alcohol.
We recognize the market’s judgement that competition will intensify, but we believe that overall competition between the cellar and the competition is still in place.
In addition, based on the high brand power and excellent channels, the cellars have a solid base in emerging markets: 1) The cellars have a differentiated taste and selling point, and are able to bridge the brand gap through high-profile branding and excellent channels, even if 20 years of growth in the impact of the epidemic have been under pressure, and the price and income increases in the cellars are comparable to the performance of the competition.
It is possible to share the high-end alcohol expansion dividend with the competition. 2) In terms of the market operations strategy, the market is currently concentrated on the market, the cellars are still dominated by dynamic traditional channels and control terminals, and market operations are still distinctly different. 3) While the growth of the industry has been marked, it is worth noting that the size of the cellar in the emerging markets is now only one-tenth of the share of the market, and companies will be able to do so efficiently.
The country’s expansion has gone well, with the company performing the most elasticly in three high-end wines, giving it a 45-fold valuation in 2021, deep-seated and post-emerged.
The Xiangzhou cellar is a typical representative of Chinese fragrance white wine, and is the only brand of fragrance white wine that has been branded five times in China, with a unique “double state treasure” resource in the “1573 state cellar pool” and the “Xuzhou wine traditional brewing” industry. The company has made a prominent contribution in the last century’s fragrance of white wine technique, and has gained the reputation of “sweet noses, tak-dawk in wine,” branding power.
In 2012, the “restriction of three public consumption” policy hit the white wine industry, with the company moving into three years of depth adjustment. Since the change of command in 2015, the new management has begun a profound transformation in branding, product collating, and channel re-engineering, with the company re-emerged, turning from the bottom to the recovery.
1.1 State-owned holdings, with strong management years old, the top two shareholders of the company are the old cellar groups and the Higging Investment Group, both state-owned companies, and state-owned companies, both state-owned companies, which are controlled by the State Treasury of the City of Kyushu.
In the year 2020, 10% of the shares held by the Qingzhou City State Finance Committee and 10% of each of the Quanzhou City State Treasury Group were transferred to the Sichuan Provincial Treasury without compensation, and 45.98% of the shares held by the Qingzhou City State Finance Committee together remained in the company’s control.
Figure 1: Corporate equity structure. The management of the company is strong and experienced in market operations. In 2015, the company's new management, its new president, Liu Xin, and its managing director, Lin, both of whom are from the company's internal marketing system and have a thorough understanding of the company's operations.
In addition, the Chairman of the Board, Liu Xing, the Director of the Board of Directors, Shen Tianhong, held 192,000 shares in the company, 25.40 million shares, 138,000 shares, and the senior managers ' shareholdings were deeply tied to the interests of management and shareholders, and were fully motivated. 1.2 Performance grew at a high rate and product structures were optimized.
Corporate products can be divided into three major categories: upper end (1573), middle end (special, silt age), lower end (head, duo) with a ratio of 87% and 13% of the proceeds of high end and low end alcohol in mid-2020, respectively, and with a steady increase in the volume of high end cellars, the share of high end alcohol will rise further in the future.
For 94%, 6%, the steady growth of medium- and high-end alcohol is a central driver of corporate profits. The “restriction of tri-public consumption” and “anti-corruption” policies that began in 2012 have had a significant impact on white alcohol consumption, with companies moving into three years of deep adjustment, with both harvests and profits falling sharply.
The recovery began to rebound. Corporate income and performance continued to grow at a high rate of 19.4 per cent compound growth at the end of the 2015-2020 round, thanks to both consumption escalation and the release of the reform dividend; at the profit end, benefiting from product structural optimization and direct price increases, the net return profit grew at a rate of 32.5 per cent over the same period, with profits growing at a significantly higher rate than the recovery rate and profitability rising continuously.
2 upgrades and splits into the main melody, with a strong and strong white man standing on 2.1, with a crowded growth of 2.1.1 and a rise in residential brands and health consciousness.
During this period, revenues and profits remained high in double digits, with the industry undergoing a three-year deep adjustment in 2013-2015 as a result of the “restriction of three public consumption” and “corruption” policy shocks.
As a result of product structural upgrades and direct price increases, industry profits have increased at a significantly higher rate than harvests, and profitability has continued. Figure 7: Total profits and growth in alcohol companies of more than size since 2006, White wine consumption branding and health awareness have risen.
People’s living standards have been raised and their basic material life satisfied, and the idea of consumerism has shifted from “never to nothing” in the past to “never to good” and branding and health awareness has continued to rise. In this context, white wine with a high price of wine and sex has become increasingly popular with consumers.
The white wine industry, after a decade of gold 2002-2012, was able to expand rapidly and, against the backdrop of the rapid rise of residential brands and health awareness, “less drinking, better drinking” became a common society.
Yes. Along with the restrictions on consumption by the three publics, the fight against corruption, and the heavy controls on drinking and driving, the consumption of white wine has become more rational, and the sales of white wine above that size have fallen; the production of white wine above that size (comparable caliber) was 74.1 million tons in 2020, compared to 2.5 per cent in 2020; the number of white wine businesses above that level decreased from 1563 in 2015 to 1,040 in 2020, and the industry has been transformed into stock markets.
At the same time, in 2016, rising incomes led to growing consumer capacity and a marked acceleration of consumption. At the same time, in 2016, consumption rose significantly.
Since the recovery of white wine, the rise of popular consumption has become a central driver of industrial development, accounting for 65%, while the share of government consumption is healthier than it has been reduced to no more than 5%, and the structure of white wine consumption is healthier and the basics of future growth are stronger. Economic volatility has decreased + the wealthier groups have grown, and demand for white wine has grown more robustly.
The rate of urbanization rose steadily, reaching 63.9 per cent in 2020, but there is still much room for it to rise in comparison with the average rate of urbanization of more than 80 per cent in Europe and the United States, with a long-term upward trend. Moreover, as the economy moves towards high-quality development, the share of the tertiary sector has risen steadily, with more high-income jobs emerging, driving the growth of middle- and upper-income groups, which are expected to continue to grow in 2022.
With high-quality economic development and the diversification of industrial structures, the number of rich people continues to grow, and economic volatility has diminished significantly. After two stress tests, in mid-American trade in 2018, and in 2020, the weight of the epidemic, the famous white wine has been able to recover faster and more robustly.
The demand side: With the diversification of our economy's structure, the volatility of the economy has been reduced, the size and wealth of the middle-income, the wealth of the rich population have become significant and the demand side has become more robust. The supply side: 1) the factory's perspective.
Controllers, quota-based precision delivery, etc., ensure that channels are stored in good condition. 2) Distributors’ perspective. Now that the demand for white wine is on the whole, it is no longer reasonable for distributors to rely on the stocking for their profits, and thus have no incentive to accumulate it on a large scale.
2.1.3 Industry segmentation has increased, with the strong and powerful being known as the white wine, and the structural prosperity of the white wine market has increased rapidly. Since the recovery of this round, the structural prosperity of “weak growth, strong differentiation” has been evident. In this context, the brand and channel advantages of the white wine brand have become more apparent, and the market has become more market-oriented.
20%, 62%, up to 44%, 81%, in 2020. Especially since 2017, and against the backdrop of a marked acceleration in consumer consumption, the share of companies in the public market has risen rapidly.
A mere 12.7 per cent (the main reason for the elimination is that its product is mostly low-end and its sales are over 40 per cent of the market, which would better reflect the trend in sales and tonnage), while the sales of wine remain low and there will be a large increase in the future; and the sales of alcohol (excluding saloons) have increased from 951,000 tons in 2015 to 1055,000 tons in 2019, with an average annual compound increase.
3.4 per cent; 938,000 tons of alcohol sold in 2020 due to the impact of the epidemic. At the same time, benefiting from direct price increases and product structural upgrades, the average tonnage rose steadily from 108,000 yuan in 2015 to 258,000 yuan in 2020. Figure 18: Other marketed alcohol sales and market share, except for the hysteria.
Figure 19: Average ton prices and speed increases for the listed liquor companies, except for smooth brooms, 2.2 high-end, sub-high-end track excellence, with light bottled wine offering a high and fast-paced expansion, down to 10 broad price bands. Currently, the white wine industry can be divided into four high-end, sub-high-end, middle-end, low-ends.
Core price belts, where the core competitiveness and drivers vary significantly, have their own intrinsic developmental logic and subdivisions. In the broader context of industry-stressed growth, the persistent Matthew effect of the strong within the price belt continues to evolve, and the dragons continue to capture market shares.
2.2.1 High-end alcohol growth is robust and brand barriers are extremely high, benefiting from economic development and the rise of public consumption, and since 2016 high-end alcohol has been on the rise, raising the price of its quantity and increasing its quality.
There is plenty of space for the size of the cellar, and sales are likely to increase the most. 1) At the end of the demand: the rich are growing rapidly and the purchasing power of the population is increasing steadily, with China's economy growing steadily upwards, the number of people with high net worth is growing rapidly, and the number of people with high net worth in 2023 is growing rapidly.
At the same time, the population’s real purchasing power has continued to rise significantly over the past two decades, with a solid base for the expansion of 1,000 yuan. High-end liquor has remained high since the end of 2015, with prices rising steadily, even in 2020.
In the context of the impact of the new coronary epidemic, the overall economic growth is weak, the price of the "battles" rebounds quickly after the initial control of the epidemic and is re-innovated, and the demand for high-end alcohol has a stronger degree of certainty. 2) At the end of the supply: limited to the process and the cellar pool, the supply side continues to be tight.
High-end wine is the crown jewel of the white wine industry, and consumers have an enormous interest in the quality of high-end wine, thus producing it with an almost stringent requirement for conditions such as climate, water, raw materials, cellar pools, etc., limited to the brewing environment and old cellar pools, and it is expected that the supply of high-end alcohol will be tight over the next five years, in particular:
The supply of the gin is tight: the manufacturing process is complicated and the wine is long. The gin is strictly in line with the midday troupe, the Xiaoyang drops, the same raw material goes through nine boiling, eight fermenting, seven takings, the gin is produced for a full year, and then is stored for three years.
It takes at least five years to get out of the plant, which cannot be increased in a short period of time. 2. Environmental carrying capacity is limited.
There is a limited expansion in the production of mahogany. Liquor high-end wine depends on the cellar pool: there is a very limited number of old cellar pools and a limited increase in the short term.
It takes a long time to use the silt in the silhouettes to form a huge community of microbes, and the more rich the old silhouettes are, the more white it is boiled. Chen's old saloon is a key element of the strong white wine brewing. According to the statistics, the old saloons are more than 100 years old.
The amount is less than one in a thousand, the amount of old cellar pool resources needed for high-end fragrances is not growing rapidly in the short term, and capacity is not available. Table 3: Three high-end alcohol production is expected to grow with the strongest certainty and the best competitive pattern.
The demand for alcohol has grown steadily. Even though the impact of the epidemic has led to increased performance pressure, both the five grain fluids and the country's customers have opted for benign competition in a way that controls good prices. The first half of 2020 has had a severe impact on the consumption of white wine, and high-end liquor camps have performed significantly better and more profitablely than lower-end and regional leaders, with the highest degree of certainty in growth.
The competition pattern is the clearest, with the three main players taking up 95% of the market share. Despite a large number of alcoholics, the new brand, which has really been high-end for the last 20 years, has only 1573, and the difficulty of standing high can be seen in 2.2.2 high-end strong and unmistakable competition patterns.
The “restriction of three public consumption” and “corruption” policies that began in late 2012 led to a period of deep adjustment in the white wine industry, which, together with a drop in the price of high-end white wine and a sharp reduction in demand for government consumption, suffered a severe shock at the lower end and a sharp drop in the harvest. After three years of deep adjustment, the white wine industry began to hit the bottom in 2015.
In this round, there was a sub-higher intensity, with the entire sub-higher plate growing at a significantly higher rate than in the entire white wine industry, displaying an extremely high price of $1,500-800 and a sub-high-end second-growth extreme. Since this round of white wine recovery, high-end liquor has been driving up the next road, with a current sub-high price of $2,900 and retail prices for the five grain fluids and the state cellar terminals.
Reaching the 1,000-dollar mark: The 500-800 price belt development space was opened, and nearly two high-quality liquor companies, such as Saffron 30, Ancient 20 and Special 60, developed 500-800 price belt products in focused resources to capture future price escalation belts; at the end of the pipeline: profit from 300-500-bit product channels became more transparent and their thrust diminished significantly, while the 500-800-bit product channel benefited from the 500-800 price line.
(b) Consumer end: as incomes rise and mainstream prices shift, more consumers will choose to move up further. (ii) Main consumer prices are moving up steadily, with the major liquor companies growing in size.
We've been up the ladder, taking as an example the mainstream consumption scenes of weddings, birthdays, etc., where the main economically developed regions of Shanghai and Jiangsu are now over $300 in current prices, and the main Sichuan prices of Henan and Western Provinces of White and Wine Consumption have risen to between $150 and $200 in central provinces. Jiangsu has been ahead of the national level of alcohol consumption, and it can be expected that there will be more provinces in the next five years.
In addition, all the major liquor companies are currently operating at the sub-high end of the magnified layout, particularly with the twin push of the rise of the new power of regional branding, with a concentrated energy and a sub-high end of the sauce, and a fast-growing base of sub-suppliers. Sales rates are high, and patterns are not yet clear.
High-end liquor sales are still high, and industry competition is still strong. The current market share of the sub-highcr3 is only 40%, which is huge compared to the market share of over 95% of the high-end crr. In terms of consumption properties, the sub-high-end white alcohol needs to meet the considerable demand for face consumption, with the old wine gene as a necessary entry threshold, but consumers are loyal to sub-high brands.
Weaker than high-end alcohol, and therefore more efficient marketing. Against the backdrop of increasing competition, there is a higher demand for sub-high-end alcohol branding and channel performance, and future liquor companies with strong branding and excellent channel power are expected to escape from the 2.2.3 medium-end white wine with limited expansion and accelerated concentration.
From the point of view of rising consumption, some of the medium-end white wine consumption costs will rise to sub-high prices, while the middle-end white wine will also absorb consumption increases from prices below $100, which together determine the growth of the medium-end white wine. As more provinces move the mainstream white wine prices to $150-300.
In the meantime, the price of medium-end white wine will remain slowly rising, with relatively limited room for expansion. At present, middle-end alcohol is dominated by the head of the landline and the middle-end products of the country’s famous wine.
2.2.4 The volume of low-end alcohol sales is shrinking, the price of light alcohol is rising, the low-end capacity is continuing to shrink, and the volume of low-end alcohol is increasing. The current market size of low-end alcohol (less than $100 million) is around $200 billion, and the volume of low-end alcohol sales has continued to decline in recent years as the demand of the population has shifted upwards and the frequency of drinking has declined.
By contrast, the light bottle has shown a reversible build-up based on the advantage of value for money. According to the White Paper on the marketing of light bottled wine in China, 2017, the market for light bottled wine has a capacity of about $60 billion, and is expected to grow at a compound rate of about 15% in 2017-2022.
Competition patterns: the light bottle pattern is fragmented, high price prices and the share of bottled wine under the flag of wine increase markedly. The light bottle industry has moved in low barriers, low demand for brand names for its own consumption and a general lack of attention to it, with multiple reasons leading to a more fragmented competition. In recent years, as consumer brand awareness and quality awareness have increased, the light bottle has grown rapidly, with a large number of bolognes and small ones.
The market share of the bottle is currently only 27%, the market concentration is low, and there is a consistent trend toward a concentration of bottled wine under high price prices and brand names. The price of white wine in all stages has been steadily moving upwards, driven by rising consumption.
Medium-end alcohol prices have increased slightly, the overall expansion has been limited; low-end alcohol prices have fallen and market capacity has contracted. 3 brands, products, channels have been triaded, management empowerment has crossed the 3.1 management end: deep reform has revived the “human and” advantage has become more pronounced.
The policy of “restriction of consumption by the three publics” and “corruption” in 2012-2015 has had a significant impact on the industry, which has entered 300 million yuan, with the net return profit falling from 4.4 billion yuan to 900 million yuan, and a reduction of more than 70 per cent in the volume of State cellar sales, which has led to a deep horizontal decline.
By contrast, the firm’s decline in its low-end earnings in three years of industry, the adjustment time out of difficulty is far greater than that of its counterparts, such as the five grain fluids, the ocean river, and the Guaigon wine, and the three-year depth adjustment is the darkest moment in the history of the company’s development. The price failure, the concentration of problems accumulated in the past, is the main reason for the company’s deep difficulties, in particular:
1. In the context of the downside of the consumption of white wine, companies misestimated the situation by raising the price of the cellar from $889 to $999 in July 2013, which is higher than the price of the huts (819) and the price of the five grains ($729). The reverse price increase led to zero prices, the downside price of the batches, a serious setback in the firm ' s confidence, and a major setback in the dealer ' s confidence.
In August of that year, the company raised the bid down to $560, and the price was clearly raised later than the five grain fluids and missed the optimal adjustment period. 2) There are too many brands and open bar codes to dilute the main brand. In the past, the company used to use the "wolves' tactics" in the product class.
In addition, during three years of deep adjustment, companies reduced their performance by lowering bar-code thresholds, and authorized local spring companies to develop a large number of low-end bar codes, with the number of company bar codes at peaks rising to more than 7,000.
Without a unified plan, a large number of medium- and low-end branding products are market-filled and competing with each other, which significantly weakens the corporate brand image. The Year’s innovation has introduced the model of a co-financing company in major distribution areas, with former company marketing teams and high-quality distributors.
They are regulated by systems, contracts, and benefits. By operational characteristics, the Quantities model has a significant leverage, and the more sales and the more reder the distributors are motivated and the more powerful the channel is when the industry is in a pro-cyclical situation; but when the industry is in a counter-cyclical situation, the producers have weak control over the channel, low sophistication of the channel, complicated marketing patterns, etc.
The mid-point outbreak, which led to a serious pipeline, the collapse of the product price system, objectively made it more difficult for companies to get out of their troubles. 3.1.2 The “Standard” combination was in danger, turning back to recovery, low demand in the industry and a fall in corporate revenue and profits.
At a time when corporate development is in deep trouble, the arrival of the “Standing” portfolio brings a dawn for corporate development. The 2015 marketing management experience. The “Standing” portfolio is clear, well-executed, followed by a new product system and channels.
The road, the market recovery, and so forth have opened up radical reforms that have brought immediate and immediate results, starting with the current year, when real revenue and profits stopped falling back, and the company as a whole was transformed. Turn around; build on momentum from 2017 to 2019; respond rationally and pragmatically to the 2020 epidemic, brand power, price board control, and control.
In just five years, under the leadership of an excellent management, the company has made a historic leap from deep-seated to full-scale recovery. 2015-2016: a radical change to reverse the bottom.
Focus on the five main monoliths, mass clean-up of low-end bar codes; self-built marketing teams, introduction of brand-specific models; introduction of preferential policies to restore dealer confidence; opening up of capacity expansion to compensate for short-lived capacity; and multi-pronged reform measures, with companies back on the path of virtuous development.
2017-2019: Upgraded brands, stronger channels, better markets. After getting out of trouble, companies took full advantage of the historic opportunity of rising consumption and promoted brand revival through high-profile branding.
2020-to date: By leap, the new 10 billion are more comfortable. Management in the epidemic is rational and pragmatic, does not set specific quantitative targets, ensures good pipeline stock, and the price of the cellars follows the five grains.
With double-digit growth, high-end alcohol, solid work over the past five years has laid a solid foundation, and the new 100 shocks have hit rationally, and the “human and” advantage has become even more pronounced. 2020h1 has been hit by the new crown, and channels have been under heavy pressure. Corporate management has responded with rational and pragmatic approaches, such as not setting specific quantitative targets and stopping deliveries as channels.
Under a series of correct initiatives, the prices of the country’s customers have been followed by a steady increase in the prices of the huts and the five grains, the confidence of distributors and terminals has recovered rapidly, the growth of 20h1 customers in double digits has continued, the resilience of growth has exceeded market expectations, and the sales of 20h2 have returned to normal growth. Under external shocks, such as the epidemic, companies’ excellent management capabilities have been fully demonstrated.
A breakthrough in pay reform has fully stimulated business dynamism. In April 2021, the company issued a management scheme for the remuneration and appraisal of senior managers, which aims to stimulate the dynamism of the company’s business team by creating a value-for-contribution-oriented incentive, based primarily on business performance, that would effectively bind the interests of shareholders, companies and management.
Specifically, the SMPR will be market-oriented, based on market tests, pay market decisions, performance-oriented, and a focus on efficiency pay versus double standards with enterprises of the same size in the same industry, followed by incentives such as equity incentives, dividends, and over-profit sharing. This SMPR reform will fully motivate management, and it is hoped that it will result.
Over the past five years, the company's development process has been clear, the market has been stable, and it has been focused on raising brands, strong channels, and internal governance, with constant development skills. In times of external shocks and market questioning, the company has been steadily moving at the right pace, gradually exploring development paths and movements that fit the characteristics and strengths of the company.
From 2015, when deep-reform support companies emerged out of their traps, to 2020, when the epidemic hit a rational and pragmatic response, management led the company up and down, and the “people and” advantage became more pronounced. Under the power of good governance, the company was moving ahead in the first three recovery goals of the industry.
3.2 Brands: The roots of the strong noses are deep, the roots of the rejuvenation of the brands are deep, the genes of the famous wines are deep in the hearts and minds of the people, the name of the city, the name of the city, the name of the city, the name of the city, the name of the Chinese Liquor City, and the wine industry began in Qin Han and began in Tang.
Song, who has developed in the new China, has been drinking for thousands of years. As early as 1324, the first generation of Xiangzhou's old cellar wine brewing techniques began to create the history of Chinese distilled wine.
Technology, which has since been transmitted and pioneered by generations of craftsmen, has led to a steady increase in the quality of brewing techniques and wine production. The five national wine fairs held since New China became the only fragrance of five Chinese-renowned wines, and the deep wine gene has been laid.
In October 1957, in order to take stock of the experience gained in improving the production of big wine in the old cellars of Chenzhou, the relevant ministries and departments of the country deployed industry experts to the old people's shop in Chenzhou, carried out a study on traditional brewing techniques in the old barbers of the old ones, and published in 1959 the first new Chinese wine-making textbook, " Old wine in the old cellars of the old China " , which is the current technique.
In the next 20 years, the company has hosted technicians from the country's major wine companies to study and exchange strong perfume techniques and to make a significant contribution to the promotion and development of strong white wine, which has once been called "smelling."
The company relies on its core strengths, such as its unique brewing environment, its legacy of more than 690 years of traditional brewing, and its unreproducible national treasures ponds, to produce alcohol of outstanding quality, which has historically earned numerous honours. The industry’s advantages are: the company is located in the heart of the “China White Gold Triangle,” with its unique brewing resources, alcohol, and so on.
It's one of the best known places for the production of strong white wine. It's made from 1324, when Master Guo made the first generation of Xiaoyu's wine.
In 2006, as the only representative of the traditional wine brewing in the old wine cellars of the state, they were selected for the first “National Directory of Intangible Cultural Heritage.” The advantage of the pool is that the white wine industry has the phrase “a thousand years old cellars, a good wine is an old cellar pool,” which is known as the old one.
The company has one of the most rich financial resources in the industry, with a chain of 1,619 people, and continues to use the old cellar ponds for more than a hundred years, of which 1573 is the country's first, most complete and longest-serving original cellar ponds, which have been made continuously since 1573 A.D. (Ming Dynasty calendar year)
So far, more than 440 years have not been lost, and it is a well-deserved “China’s first cellar.”
In 2015-2016, management set up five singles of strategy to further advance the brand "Lind" and set the stage for high-profile branding. In 2017-2018, the guest of the country took up 1573 "Little Liquor", branding the name "Let the World Taste China", followed by the creation of a brand-renewal team to propose a two-hand strategy for the national cellar and a special one, with appropriate slanting of resources while promoting the national cellar.
In 2019 – to date, the state brand has continued to grow, completing a fundamental change from a “fee-and-pull” to a “brand-pull”: the rejuvenation of the state brand has been a great success, the firm is firmly on its way to re-branding, the marketing of the brands has been combined, and branding has been outstanding. In recent years, companies have taken advantage of the historic opportunity of the rapid development of the name Quaker.
At the same time, companies dig deep into cultural resources and launch a series of cultural events for branding.
The new national cellars are filled with ice and new marketing methods like "Ginger Tooth" in the United States. Multi-pronged marketing campaigns are combined and brand power is rapidly rising.
\triangleright is an imperative. The company has made a big deal in branding, and has taken part in a series of major events to strengthen the country’s 1573 high-end brand image, as well as to raise the brand power of the “Silves of Manchuria.”
In times of overcapacity, the cultural and spiritual attributes inherent in the consumption of white wine are becoming more \triangleright. The company has a deep historical and cultural memory, and in recent years it has developed a new line of innovation by continuously digging into cultural resources.
Creative marketing leads the tide. With 80 and 90 years of becoming the backbone of white wine consumption, fashion and new tides are important factors in their choice of white wine products, and companies have innovatively introduced the new white wine-drink-drink-drink-drink-drinking product.
The way in which the young consumer groups are covered through creative marketing, such as the Australasia Network, the United Kingdom’s Chontooth, is supported.
g20 International Summit of Heads of State and Government meeting of leaders of BRIC countries to meet the Russian World Cup
Summer Davos Forum, International Congress of Poetry and Liquor Culture, tour of the national dance show Confucius.
Cultural marketing is under the umbrella of the Great Hallows of Charity.
Australia's tennis open competition, creative marketing, a national damage expedition to Antarctica.
By 2015, the company will have adopted the Quai Spring model, with most of the development and promotion costs being borne by the company, and the cost of branding will be relatively inadequate. After the arrival of the new marshal in 2015, the value rose to $3.3 billion in 2019, with an annual compound growth rate of 83%, and the 2020 shock led to consumption scenes and dinners.
After five years of continuous high input, the brand power gap between the country’s guests and the competition has been significantly reduced, and high-end alcohol has been reduced;
Under the wheel-drive strategy, the brand of the “Silves” has been revived and the company as a whole has gained new heights. Figure 43: Publicizing and opening fees for alcohol companies in 2020 as a share of revenue 3.3 at the end of the product: solid growth of the cellar and continued optimization of the product structure
Since 2015, the company has slashed down low-end sku and has established five core monolithic development systems that are represented by “national cellars, specials, silos, headlines, dubbes.” The current corporate product matrix is clearly structured, and its Chinese guest, 1573, is the company’s core single product, branded “Honour wine” and currently stands at the top of China’s three high-end white wine.
Prices have been raised several times over the years, and the 60th edition of the special has been growing consistently high in recent years because of its high quality and good functioning. Low-end headlines, duplexing of the popular consumer brand, and wider consumption coverage.
In the same period, the share of low-end alcohol fell from 70% to 13%. The solid growth of the cellar has become the driving force behind the firm’s development. With the release of high-end wine and branding, the country’s customers will continue to grow faster.
The cellars have been promoted to 10 billion singles, with a strong growth rate. They have benefited from high-end alcohol demand and good management performance in brands and channels, and the cellars have been growing continuously since the bottom of 2014, receiving only $900 million from 2014.
In just six years, the revenue from the Treasury went up by $10 billion, and the epidemic continued to grow rapidly, with a steady increase. At the same time, the volume of sales in the Treasury grew at a much faster rate than the competition, and in 2019 it sold 10 billion calibres, making it a new $10 billion.
The price is the lifeline of the high-end wine and the most visual expression of brand power, and it is particularly important to ensure that the price of the batch is kept steady at the appropriate pace. The company fully absorbs the last round of deep adjustment.
The lesson of countervailing price hikes is to follow a more rational and pragmatic policy of batching since 2015. Specifically, companies use commercial and terminal quota controls on domestic customers to control red line prices through price smelting and regional smelting, thereby ensuring that the difference between the price of competitive bids is kept within reasonable limits.
The company’s price plate changes are relatively frequent, with several price increases over the last year or so, intended to increase the price of the plant steadily through a fast running strategy, thereby facilitating the alignment of the end price and brand power with the competition. The medium-end wine structure is well upscaled, and the 60th edition of the special is beautiful. During the three years of industry’s depression, demand has dropped sharply.
The grid system collapsed, the middle-end liquor store fell in a cliff-like fashion; 51% of the middle-end special year went up to 82% in 2019 as a result of industrial recovery and better access to stocks. Specifically: 1) the old word adjective, the "sense of strongness" , promoted brand revival in 2016 with successive price increases, and the tenth-generation old-letter special in 2019, with the current terminal price at 300 yuan; 2)
Promulgate 60 was launched in 2014 to position 400-600-dollar high-end price bands, mainly deep-dought market, and is expected to grow into a $500-priced single item in the future, thanks to outstanding quality and good operation. 3) Scavenger-age-positioning businesses, elites, have increased brand power several times in recent years, but are still in the process of adjustment due to the strong end of the sword, including the southern spring.
• Stereo-restoration road, 2019, with the launch of the new tenth edition of the old adrenaline, which, through a series of price hikes, promoted brand revival, rose from around $150 in 2016 to $300 in 2020; under successive price increases, sales dropped and the outbreak was under adjustment
• Launched in 2014, because of high quality and good functioning, with good feedback in the south-west region, with sales amounting to $1 billion in 2019.
The price of supply and sale continues to rise, leading consumers to upgrade from the cellar for 30 years to 60 and 90 years, and the same competitors, Ken Namchun, are still in the process of adjustment. Headlines, duo weights, and growth elasticity in 2021 are expected.
As the demand recovered, the low-end liquor camp continued to grow positively in 2017-2019. In 2020, under the sudden impact of the new crown epidemic, the consumption scene was limited, leading to a sharp drop in sales, and the epidemic was effectively controlled.
In addition, with the release of the new production capacity of the Yellow Shirt base in 2021, the quality of the low-end headlines and diagonals is expected to increase significantly. With multiple catalysts for demand recovery, lower base levels, and quality enhancement, the low-end alcohol growth elasticity value of 3.4 channels in 2021: marketing models are flexible and efficient and channel advantages are becoming more pronounced.
During the three-year period of profound adjustment, the weaknesses of the Quantico model were revealed, and a comprehensive reform of the channel system was imminent. The company began to develop and prepare changes in the channel system in 2013, with the creation of the Litte, the old-age branding company in 2014, the creation of the National Castle 1573 brands in 2015, and the establishment of 22 different countries throughout the country.
Local affiliates, brand-only models, formally and comprehensively replace the Fountain model. The marketing model of brand-only companies has shifted from regional to brand-based, with exclusive companies responsible only for specific brands, and shareholders are essentially dealers in the former Fountain model, but the management and staff of exclusive companies are directly appointed by the Silo Marketing Company.
The branding model is based on a system change in organizational structure, end-control, management, channel level, marketing, etc. From the sales level, the branding line is more flat, with only a first-tier distributor,
Grouping of buyers or terminals, reducing the hierarchy of benefits over direct terminals; access control, with the cellar sales company having absolute control over the management of the exclusive company; market adaptive, with exclusive companies closer to the terminal point and consumers, and market response more responsive. Table 12: The branding model contrasts with the springs model
At the sales firm level, the company has a well-established marketing command system, a huge marketing team, market-based incentives, salesmen, and salesmen.
At the dealer level, the use of a control-distribution model and a terminal quota system that secures the dealer ' s profit while achieving better control over the price-plate and inventory; at the terminal point, the company directly controls a large number of terminals in a direct distribution mode, and a strong marketing team does the base work of end displays and so forth. The deep transformation of the three-pronged system is made possible by the power of the company ' s channels.
Figure 56: A comprehensive and in-depth reform of the corporate channel system — the marketing system: establishing an organizational structure for the “Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four Centre” to ensure orderly harmonization of marketing decision-making, command, supervision, coordination and coordination.
• Marketing teams: from more than 1,000 people to more than 7,000 today, creating a strong push force. • Incentive testing: a well-established marketing training and promotion system, using market-based tests, a brand-based company-based structure that mobilizes dealers in a vague return-favoured way.
• The firm implementation of price smelting mechanisms and end quota systems, with both distributors and core terminals paying a bond, and continuous improvement in the responsiveness and control of the channel.
Promote direct distribution channel operating models led by client unions, downgrade channel levels, professionalize and localize marketing teams as a means of strengthening the market base at the prices of the terminals, end maintenance, bio-reflection, etc.
With high-cost investment, the cellar brands are growing rapidly, but there is still an objective difference between the size of the cellar and the competition at the national level. Companies work together to build channel advantages through strong channels of control, rich channels of profit, efficient and flexible market operations, with strong channels of operation to compensate for short brands, and excellent channels are capable of operating at a firm high level and moving to the country.
Strong channels control. On the basis of the appointment of the management and staff of branding companies by the old customer sales company, the company has formed a large marketing team of over 7,000 people. The company’s employees are directly involved in market development and terminal operations, and overseeing the placement and marketing of stocks, thereby achieving substantive control at the end of the channel.
Under the basis of the weak brand, companies value distributors and terminal pushers. That is, \triangleright does not consider spending at the exclusive level, and the sales costs of companies are still much higher than those of the huts, the five grains, and more.
The market operates efficiently and flexibly. The local market operating teams, depending on the characteristics of the product and the specific market conditions, have the flexibility to select the plant's direct control terminal, the distributor's lead, and the “1+1” depth agreement.
Figure 58: Cost and speed of company sales since 2013
Carnival consumers nurture, and the cellar is the bond of the cellar 1573 to the core consumer. It is a three-dimensional organizational structure that covers manufacturers, terminals, consumers and is designed to provide club members with a high-quality platform for information exchange and resource sharing, as well as joint high-end brands offering value-added services such as custom-made services, accommodation, catering, and meetings.
At the same time as the Star Festival, “Time Memory” and other events, more innovative organizations organize high-end projects such as golf, horsework, tennis, etc., to nurture and build high-end circles. The communication platform and value-added services provided by the cellars greatly enhance the members’ cost-free experience, and the core consumer brands have steadily increased their loyalty and consumer stickyness, thus achieving a culture of national cellar brand recognition and consumption.
Since the launch of the “Standing Up” portfolio in 2015, and after profound changes to the channel system, there have been positive innovations in marketing models, with significant results. In the midst of continuous search-and-forward innovation, leading consumer-breeding and market-opening systems have evolved.
Set up and further exploit channel advantages to achieve scale expansion and market opening. 4 times the momentum, with high future growth likely to sink 4.1 mature markets and accelerate the expansion of emerging markets.
At present, South-West, North-East and China-China have become the company's main grain-silo markets, and companies will continue to do further “food-silo markets” and to raise the city's share while providing resources to open new markets for the country's cellars.
The firm’s early deployment of the North and China markets, the period of deep adjustment, the loss of a large number of dealers as a result of price reversals, and the market downturn, which has been so severe that the “Standing” portfolio has been streamlined and restructured through channels, relying on a strong marketing and consumer culture system, began to recover rapidly in 2016 and is now low.
For the three main grain silos, firms push down the channels to consolidate the dominant market position. On the one hand, the industry’s leading terminals and consumers nurture capacity and continue to connect.
Measures such as the state cellars, the seven-star feasts, and so on, have strengthened the atmosphere of the cellars; on the other hand, with a strong marketing force, the promotion of channels, the downfalling of cultivation, the implementation of the double “124” project (100 three types of terminals, 200 type II terminals, 400 type A terminals) the deep-control system and the strengthening of core terminal control. In 2019, the company further promoted the five monolithic clusters in the barn market.
The company will further increase its share of the market by continuing to sink in the grain warehouse market and increasing the quality of its coverage and core terminal services. 4.1.2 The national chemical process is gaining ground in the battle between the East and South Tu and Henan.
In July 2017, the company launched a strategy for the "East to South" market, which sounded the horn of national expansion. The White and Wine Market in the East of China has a large capacity and a good high-end consumption base, which is a necessity for the nationalization of the cellars. The company is opening up to the Chinese market in a stable and stable way.
(c) In July 2020, the company contacted high-quality dealers such as Zhejiang Trade, Hangzhou Business Sources, Shanghai Tzeqiang, Su Jia Yu, to set up the “3D3D” Union, which has accelerated the opening of the Chinese market with the help of a large number of high-quality distributors.
The cellars have opened up to China’s eastern market, which has been growing at the top for the third year in a row; the South China market is also fast-tracked, nationalization is accelerating, and prospects for the future are high. The concentrated resources will be fighting, and the Chinese market will be on track.
In three years, the company will increase its revenue from the current $400 million to a high target of $1.2 billion. This target is based on: 1) Henan's capacity is large and has a market base. The Henan White Market has a capacity of more than $40 billion, there is a significant upward trend in consumption, and the company has a defined consumer awareness base in Henan. 2) Brand power rises.
After Henan launched the war zone system, the company mobilized four regional managers from the south-west, north-west, north-east China, and south-central China, mobilizing hundreds of marketing elites to go to Henan, at a pre-cost investment for market development.
With the steady advance of the East End-South Tu-Nan war, the cellar’s continued high-growth logic in the new market is clear, largely based on the fact that the cellar has a different taste and brand identity, and that the lower share of the new market is mainly due to companies’ past failure to store goods.
As a result of the operation, the cellar is currently less than 1/10% of the competition in China’s eastern and southern regions, and there is much room for raising its share. With the firm’s push-up channel sunk, the three grain silo markets, southwest, northwest, south China, and central China, will grow, \triangleright.
The company has a strong marketing team and a well-developed consumer culture, with adequate team, management, marketing support, and an efficient and replicable model of the Congress, which has already been taken by the cities of East China and Henan.
With the desired effect, it is expected to spread to more cities in the future. 4.2 Productions release + new products on the market, with a new engine of growth ready for launch, complete production of short-forms, and hardening of the roots of quality.
Since the launch of the "Stander" portfolio in 2015, a total investment of $8.5 billion has been made to complement the short-capacity project. The first phase of the project, in 2019, was the production of food in the Yellow Brewer Eco Park, thanks to the transformation of scientific techniques such as silt cultivation, silt pool sealing, and the excellent quality of wine in the new silos. In December 2020, there will be a new high-quality base wine production.
Thirty-five thousand tons, with an additional capacity of 100,000 tons; phase two is expected to be completed in 2025, with a cumulative amount of 100,000 tons of additional high-quality base wine production and 380,000 tons of new capacity. The additional capacity is of great significance, and the quality of the guaranteed capacity will be enhanced. 1) The company will replace the capacity, and more old cellar pools will be used for life.
Production of high-end wine to ensure adequate production in the national cellar; 2) with the release of additional capacity, the company ' s high-quality base wine is expected to increase, and the state of middle-end features and silo age stress is expected to be significantly reduced; 3) the company phases out liquid-state production capacity, adding new capacity to all solid-state production.
In October 2020, the company launched a brand-new strategic new product, High Light, targeting "light and luxury" and becoming the first luxury white wine in the white industry.
The "high light" of luxuriousness fully reflects the company's excellent forward-looking layout and product-type innovation. First, high light innovation and leadership is the industry's premiere of light-luxury high-end bottle; second, the company's forward-looking layouts, targeting future consumers after 80 and after 90, and early consumer nurturing; and, lastly, the "highlight" layout's 100th of the year.
High-end light bottles above won match the population’s rising consumption trends, and high-light can be expected to be a pre-eminent advantage in this segment. With high-end light bottle expansion and strong management culture, high-light brands are expected to grow in the future to become a third growth curve for companies.
Figure 64: High Lights on the market, 4.3 "145" takes off, and the development strategy is clear, and it looks better today. Under excellent management, five years of progress, companies complete branding,
The state cellar is now one of the top three high-end wines, promoted to 10 billion class singles in 2019; the special station is stable at 300, the brand of the "Silves of the State" returns value, and the company has moved from the bottom to the full rise. On the basis of the remarkable achievements of the 13th Five, it is built around the "strengths, patches, fixes, etc."
Building on the development approach of quality, strength and renewal, the company has developed a “136” strategy for development over the next five years: a “first three” goal for the white industry in China, adherence to the three principles of “brand leadership, quality formation, cultural casting” and the construction of the six “brands, quality, culture, innovation, digital intelligence, harmony” as one states. The strategic objectives of the company are clear.
The cellar is a major contributor to corporate revenue and profits, and a central driver of firm growth. The cellar is now one of the three highest-level wines, one of the 10 billion singles in 2019, and has built up powerful ones.
Consider the fact that the cellar has continued to grow at a high rate over the next five years, mainly on the basis of: the rapid expansion of the 1,000-dollar price belt driven by rising incomes and the growth of the wealthiest groups; the fact that the high price of wine is not the norm, and that there is sufficient space for future price operations in the cellar.
In recent years, companies have been building brands through high-profile branding, increasing consumer growth, increasing the power of the country’s guest brands, and moving away from past channels to branding, with a steady rise in consumer recognition. The brand-only model has resulted in deep-seated interests and a high level of motivation among dealers; and the company’s extensive marketing.
\triangleright’s team has increased access control and end-service levels, creating a strong ground capability, and its advantages have become more pronounced. From Chengdu’s “Kyota model” to Henan Congress, companies have developed efficient and replicable market opening methods, and the government has been able to use the power of the country’s government to create a market for the benefit of the country’s citizens.
The \triangleright Congress model is being extended to more sample markets. The company is also planning to move forward with the “Cities Model Market Building” programme, with nine model markets, including Shanghai and Shenzhen, selected to focus their efforts, and the 14th Five-Year National Chemical Process is expected to accelerate.
Figure 67: The country’s new 10 billion-dollar stimulus benefits from product structural upgrading and direct price increases, the company’s Māori ratio rose from 47.6 per cent in 2014 to 83.1 per cent in 2020, and the Māori rate is expected to rise further in the future as the country’s population rises.
In addition, under the branding model, market opening costs and investment are increasing, both of which contribute to a rapid upswing in sales costs, rising from 10.8% in 2014 to expected marginal declines in sales rates, and higher net interest rates are expected.
There is still considerable scope for a decline, with a rate of up to 18.6%, far higher than the high-end wine-coupled kiosks, and five grain fluids. As the cellar becomes a 10 billion-dollar monolith, the consumption climate in mature markets such as south-west and north-east China is becoming stronger, the cost of future sales is expected to decline marginally. In terms of net interest rates, net corporate interest rates in 2020 were 35.8%, compared to the low-rises and five-food fluids, and there is room for improvement as Māori move ahead.
Roe jumps fast, and the business continues to improve. With sound alcohol at the high end and able management, corporate power has grown faster than its counterparts, such as the Maotai, the Five Grains, and the River Ocean, reflecting a stronger competitive edge of the company and a strong investment value. Split 1) benefits from the steady expansion of alcohol at the high end and the rapid release of new markets, with a steady increase in the price of the cellars in 1573 volumes in 2021.
2) Along with the upgrading of residential consumption and the streamlining of low end sku, low end alcohol is clearly hit, with significant scale effects associated with the expansion of the epidemic, management and marketing efficiency continuously improving, and cost rates are reduced marginally. Billion yuan (+15%) and net profit returns to mothers are $7.9 billion (+31%), $9.7 billion (+23%), $11.7 billion (+20%), respectively.
The old cellars of Chenzhou are deep old wines, and the cellars are currently in the process of accelerating nationalization, taking into account brand power and regional averages of 46 times, 37 times, and 31 times each year. Compared to the same high-end huts, five grain fluids, the cellars will make a significant contribution to the rapid layout of the markets of China, China, South, Henan, etc.
In addition, there is considerable scope for company structural upgrading and cost reduction, and potential performance elasticity. The best way to compete is to benefit the cellars in the context of high-end wine expansion and high price lows, with greater certainty and sustainability.
(1) The risk of a significant economic downturn; (2) market openings or expectations. No one will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly due to, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.