The power generation operation is well under way, and Unit 1 of Huixiang is now operational.
China's Guangker (003816.sz) achieved a net return of 10,814 million yuan (with a deduction of 10,713 million yuan), plus 0.8 per cent (with a deduction of +0.9 per cent).
2404 Accompanied performance, income tax costs, minority shareholder gains and losses increased significantly. 2404, non-recurring company gains and losses of $14.5 billion, 62 million for the same period of 23 years, mainly his out-of-service income and expenditure (mainly including sea fines for land-rich nuclear power and the Taiwan nuclear power project, fixed
Leung Yonan's $348 million. In response to the difference between the 24q4 company's rate of increase in revenue and profit, the cost/asset liability ratio continued to optimize during the period, and the operating net cash flow increased in 2024.
In 2024, the company’s subsidiaries achieved the same ratio as + 13.2 per cent, mainly thanks to the delivery of Unit 4 of the Sanctuary and the resumption of active operation of Unit 1 of the Taisan; the companies and affiliates together achieved a total of 2,42,181 million kilowatt-hours of electricity generation, an increase of the same year.
The lower price of electricity, which averaged 0.416 yuan/kwh (including taxes), fell by 7 points/kwh or 1.57% on the same date. With the price increase, the company generated $65.932 billion in electricity, a 5.5% increase on the same date.
With the combined effect of an increase of 9.8 per cent to $37.186 million in the cost of the company's power generation industry. Despite a decrease in the Māori rate, the cost of taking into account the cost side has also increased as a result of the five-year shipment of the Yangjiang 5, 6 and 1 and 2 aircraft.
With favourable factors such as savings and increased returns on investment in nuclear power along the Red River, the net profits from the company ' s power generation operations were robust, reaching $17,245 million in 2024 (net profits from the operation of nuclear power operations, the sale of electricity and related technical services), almost equal to the same amount.
Huezhou Unit 1, which supports the company’s performance for 25 years. Looking forward to 2025, with regard to the stock fleet, the company plans to arrange 19 new major overhauls, including two major ten-year repairs and one first major overhaul (the 2024 plan includes 18 additional major overhauls, including 4 major ten-year repairs and 1 first-ever major).
With regard to the incremental fleet, the launch of Unit 1 in Huezhou is expected to begin in the course of the year, in accordance with the latest promise of avoidance of peer competition by shareholders in the company, i.e., the injection of Unit 1 in Huezhou (2019/12/26) is expected to commence no later than six years after the official start of the construction of the nuclear power project.
1. [Galaxy Environment for Public Use] company comment - China Guangq3 - Based on this, we expect that the increase in power end-of-end will partly offset the negative impact on companies of the decline in chemical prices on the market in the provinces of Guangdong and Guangxi in 2025.
[Galaxy Environment for Public Use] company comment: China Guangqian: 24h1 has performed well and long-term growth is to be expected. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
Downstream research. Used to work on civil securities, Pacific securities, and joined China’s Galaxy securities in January 2022.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.