Performance is as expected, with the financing advantage leading the industry performing as expected. In the first half of 2018, corporate operating income grew by 9.28 per cent, net profits increased by 15.13 per cent, and profits increased faster than revenues, mainly because of the carry-over profit levels of real estate operations.
• The semi-annual sales break out of the 200 billion and continue to contract out of the core areas. Cumulative sales in the first half of 2018 were dominated by the core urban clusters, with the second-line cities contracting nearly 78%, the Pearl Triangle and the Long Triangle accounting for 31% and 20%, respectively.
Continued growth of 44.2 per cent and strong corporate activity.  Active investment and abundant land reserves. During the first half of 2018, the company expanded its domestic project 1, Poly Property (600048): robust.
Of these, 54.25 million square metres, or about 61 per cent, were in second-line cities; 4.124 million square metres, or about 46 per cent, were in the heart complex of the Pearl Triangle and Long Triangle.
Leverage has increased slightly, leading the financing industry. The net corporate debt ratio has risen in the first half of the year to a robustly released and active billion yuan, with a return rate of 78.9% and a higher industry level. On the other hand, the company is fully leveraged.
The combined cost is only 4.86%, which is significantly higher than the industry average. Investment advice: Poly estates have been active in recent years, and land reserves have been abundant, laying a solid foundation for companies to expand their future sales.
The Division ' s strong corporate background enables companies to obtain brand premiums and lower-cost funds, upgrade policies, etc.; changes in the financing environment (mortgage, development loans, interest rate adjustments, etc.); business operations risks (personnel changes, construction, land acquisition, etc.); exchange rate fluctuations risks; and monetization of sheds is not as expected.
The increase in profit over revenue was mainly due to the continued improvement in the level of carry-over profits from real estate operations, which combined Māori percentage points for companies in the first half of the year; the increase in net interest rates from 2.49 percentage points to 15.64 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of 2018, the cumulative amount of sales reached the city and the core urban clusters, where the second-line cities contracted nearly 78%, the Pearl Triangle and the Long Triangle accounted for 31% and 20%, respectively. In the first half of the year, across the city, the sum of the contracts was more than $20 billion.
Fortune, Hangzhou, and 14 cities, including Beijing, are over $10 billion, reflecting the company’s development strategy for sustaining deep farming in priority cities. Corporate sales continued to grow at 44.2% in July compared to the previous year, and companies remained strong.
The company actively acquired 45 projects in the first half of the year through mergers and acquisitions, collaborations, etc. The building averaged $7,099 per square metre, a 92 per cent increase over the same period, mainly as a result of changes in the structure of the company's new projects.
By the first half of 2018, the company had an area of 89.5 million square metres, of which 54.25 million square metres, or approximately 61 per cent, were to be developed, and 4,124 million square metres, or about 46 per cent, of the two core urban clusters, the Pearl Triangle and the Long Triangle.
Figure 7: Area of additional volume (millions of square metres) and rate of increase in Paulie real estate, Figure 9: Distribution of built-up areas on the line of Paulie real estate 4. Leveraging has recovered and the cost of integrated financing is low and stable
Financing advantages, with a high level of low-cost reserves, with an additional interest-bearing liability of $79,613 million for companies in the first half of the year, with a combined cost of only 5.09 per cent and a combined cost of only 4.86 per cent for all interest-bearing liabilities, significantly higher than the industry average.
Figure 11: Poly-property financing costs. Poly-property investments in recent years have been strong, and land reserves have provided a solid basis for companies to expand their sales in the future.
1) Higher volatility in the scale of sales in the industry: overall decline in the size of sales in the industry, and difficulties associated with home sales returns. 2) Policy adjustments result in business risks: mortgage lending rates go up significantly and home buyers ' mortgage repayments will increase significantly; and tax policies continue to tighten and real estate sales will be pressured, leading to a decline in the scale of sales.
3) The financial environment is generally tightened: bank lending lines are tight, bond issue rates are high, business mobility is exacerbated 4) Business operations risks: change in the cadre of enterprise managers and core business staff, slow progress in construction, hard work, too aggressive exposure to the risk of funding shortfalls.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board