It's true that sales are growing steadily and deep on the second line.
Sales continue to grow at a high rate, both on the second-line and on the other hand on the other hand on the other hand, and on the other hand on the other hand on the other hand on the other hand on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, there has been a steady and rapid increase in sales of the country, on the second-line and on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand.
In our view, the firm’s strong competitive edge and precise strategic layout in the second-line cities are reflected in the negative growth in corporate sales against a backdrop of high-pressure regulatory policies. As the second-line city’s regulatory policy is stable at the margins (as opposed to the growth of Eastern financial intelligence)
There is greater stability and certainty in the sales of companies relative to the industry as a whole. Figure 1: Corporate sales and the same rate of increase in corporate sales and the same rate of increase in corporate sales.
In the first half of the year, the company added 15.1 million square metres of space, slightly higher than the sales space of 14,54 million square metres, of which one- or two-line urban expansion was 68 per cent and 50 per cent, respectively, while three- or four-line cities focused on the perimeters of the central cities, including the Pearl Triangle, the Long Triangle, etc.
On the other hand, the total price of the extension project was $107.2 billion, representing 50% of sales over the same period, which is slightly below the historical average. Overall, companies were active in the first half of the year, while doing business well.
Figure 3: Size of land taken/area sold by the company in the calendar year, Figure 4: Amount of land taken/value of sale in the company in the calendar year
At the same time, we note that the company’s business income grew at a relatively low rate in the first half of the year, mainly because of the fact that it had completed only a full year’s planned completion.
At the beginning of the year, the company planned to complete construction of 19 million square metres, an increase of 22.3 per cent over the actual completion of construction in 2017, and the company still had room for upgrading in terms of completion and settlement. We expect that the company ' s completion plan will be completed in full on schedule and that the company ' s operating income for the current year will be around $18,98 billion, an increase of 29.7 per cent.
At the end of the reporting period, the net corporate liability rate was 93.3 per cent, an increase of 7 percentage points from the end of 2017, but in terms of the industry average, the net corporate liability rate was only 34 per cent of the cash balance on the books, and corporate debt risk was manageable.
The advantages of a company in financing are, on the one hand, conducive to a further increase in its market share, and, on the other hand, it will enhance its face-to-face playing power at the time of price-limits policy and reduce the risk of a decline in the Māori rate.
4.6x. For the first time, coverage was given with a “strongly recommended” rating. The real estate market as a whole went down dramatically, and the company completed and settled below expectations.
He's the fourth in the real estate industry. He's the top ten prizes for the 2012 Chinese Stock Exchange Award (seventh place). He's the seventh in the 2012 Award.
Name. In the 2014-million-year information year, "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasting and Precision is the third largest in the Real Estate Industry." Today, 2016, the Research Assistant in the Investment of Sky-Eye Real Estate Industry gave an overview of civil engineering at the University of Qinghua, a double law bachelor's degree, three years of work experience in the Real Estate Industry, a first-level registered builder, and a middle-level real estate economist.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.