In the first half of the year, Jiang Einging maintained a faster growth in sales and performance, a lower valuation, and a “buy-in” rating. The company released a financial statement for the first half of 2018, collecting yoy + 9.9 per cent and net profits — yoy + 15 per cent, as we measured.
The company currently sells uncarried items for more than $500 billion, and future performance growth is more focused, and the company ' s performance has steadily increased in the first half of the year: the public company issued its first half of 2018 financial statements, realized business operations, withheld net profits of $6.4 billion, yoy+13%, and the company ' s performance is in line with performance forecasts.
See, the company realized business income of $31.3 billion, y0y+7.8 per cent, net profits of $4.6 billion, yoy+23 per cent. Performance analysis: corporate revenue and net profits grew steadily in the first half of the year, mainly from (1) companies.
Increase in the ratio of the high Māori ratio project, with the combined Māori rate increasing by 5 percentage points to 35.8 per cent over the same period (2) corporate income tax rates decreased by 3 percentage points to 26.6 per cent over the same period.
The Division ' s three cost rates and minority shareholder equity ratios increased by 2 and 9 institutional investors as a share of the liquiditya in the same year
The company currently has a total of 89.5 million squares (of which 54.25 million squares, or 60 per cent, are in the second-line city) and the overall pace is reasonable, the company has not carried over about 350 billion in 2017, and the sum of 18-year-old h1 sales is accumulated.
Transfers amounted to 565.3 billion yuan, with 59.9 billion yuan being carried over from the first half of the year, leaving an outstanding balance of 50.5.4 billion yuan, which is sufficient and accumulated to guarantee sustainable growth in future performance.
Both maintained relatively rapid growth, with additional interest-bearing liabilities of $79.6 billion in the first half of the year, combined costs of only 5 per cent, financing costs of significantly better than industry averages, net cash inflows into financing activities of $85.6 billion, yoy+43 per cent.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.