The advantage of the light module is clear, entering the data centre and the 5g Growing Fast Track -- IMZ depth report.
The advantage of light communications is clear, entering the data centre and the 5g growth fast track, buying the transformational light communications and taking the growth fast lane. The middle and middle Xinjiang (formerly medium equipment) was created in June 2005 and the middle Xin (300308.sz) was created.
In 2017, companies acquired 100% equity in Xuzhou, and in 2017, the light module product became the company’s leading business, accounting for 93.67% of the total. Suzhou Xinjiang Corporation is a talented company, most of which has overseas PV work experience, with a team of well-known American creators, Dr. Haidu, and domestic entrepreneurs.
Exceeding technology and market people, with a strong overseas background, enable companies to enter North American Internet companies and gain access to deep-seated, relatively deep 300-skinner performances, thereby rapidly growing into leading firms in the field of light modules.
In terms of data centre demand, according to the Institute of Foresight, global figures by the end of 2017 reached $53.47 billion, an increase of 18.3 per cent, compared with the rise in cloud computing and big data.
In terms of demand for telecommunications networks, the next 5g network will drive rapid market growth. We expect that the market for the macro-based pre-lighting module will be about $17 billion. For example, considering the small base station, and the need for the intermediate and backlighting module, we will be able to build a network of high-speed light.
The market space for the entire 5g light module is huge. Wang Jotyu’s research assistant has a clear competitive edge, and the product is fast-paced.
The company’s main data (2019.3.7.) are many technical difficulties and maintains a leading position. The company has developed cob containment techniques in the field of optical modules, and has mastered a number of leading processes, including cosmopolitan welding processes, precision coupling processes, and gold-line bonding.
At the same time, Sioux has an advantage in manpower costs, large purchases, and a stronger upstream bargaining power. Sioux has now entered the Internet and telecommunication giants’ supply chain, backed by a strong endorsement of overseas bulk delivery.
The Division is expected to open up the situation in the domestic market and support rapid growth in medium- and long-term performance. Conceive the demand for data centres and 5g upgrades, and layout the capacity of the optical module. In the digital market, Suzhou Xinjiang has been following the pace of data central light module upgrades, with 40g products released in 2012, 100g in 2014 and 2016.
100gcwdm4 products have started to move into volume and have become a core product of the Suzhou Cream, with market ownership at the global Sunda Securities Co. Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th City Street in Beijing, the city's west corner, has been pre-positioned at 400g, creating a comprehensive solution from 300m to 10km. In the telecom market, Suzhou started with the provision of a telecommunications light module in the 3g era, and in 2015 Suzhou started planning 5g.
The base station light module product, 25g and 100g series of base station light module products were sent to China in the second half of 2016, and a large shipment of pre-5g base station light modules was made in early 2017. In December 2018, the Middle and New Year launched a plan to increase the volume of the project, which will result in the production of 450,000 400g communications modules and 1.4 million 5g wireless communication light modules per year.
The company follows the fast-changing cycle of the light module and is expected to benefit from an increase in demand at the same time in the future, thus giving “a higher risk factor: the operator’s 5g construction is less than expected, the Central American trade friction risk and the data centre’s light module demand slows down”
In June 2005, the Sioux Xiao Xu was officially listed in April 2012 at the deep-situation centre. The company's research and development, manufacture and manufacture of the electrocution units was organized by the company.
In 2017, companies acquired 100% of Suzhou’s shareholdings, and the development and manufacture of high-speed optical communication modules were well profitable. The main clients were Google, amazon, Hua, Nakaeng, and other well-known domestic and foreign companies.
The country’s Internet company, Alibaba, as well as its communications equipment dealer, Naking, Firefire, Hua San, Cisco, Arista, Juniper, are company clients. Suzhou’s creative product lines are rich, and its management team has developed overseas background support companies.
Suzhou was founded in April 2008 and acquired the qualifications of state high-tech enterprises in 2009 and the recognition of state high-tech companies in 2015. After years of development and innovation, companies have been awarded the National Best Product Award for Light Modules, the National Torch Scheme, etc., and have included 54 domestically authorized patents.
40gsfp+sr4/ir4/lr4 products, with 40gsfp+simple-mode module sales accounting for 37% of the global market in 2014. The company ' s 100g qspf28cwdm4 products were breakthroughed in 2016 and released in 2017 to drive rapid growth in the company ' s performance. Companies showed the latest generation of 400gosfp and 400gqsfp-ddddd products in 2017, the first 400gqsfp-dfr4 in 2018, and the related high-speed light module of 5g.
Directly following the cycle of upgrade of the light module, serving clients in areas such as large data centres, data communications, long-distance transmissions, wireless networks, and facilitating product development to large capacity, miniaturization, low power consumption, low-cost development. In 2014-2016, Xinzhou’s revenues were mainly derived from 10g/25g and 40g/100g products, of which 10g/25g products were used mainly for telecom transmission scenes, while 10g/25g products were used mainly for telecom transmission scenes.
40g/100g is basically a product range for use in data communications. With a high Māori rate and high demand for products in a wide range of fields, companies are gradually using the marketplace as the company’s main battlefield and collection project, with a steadily rising share of revenue from 2014 to 2016, and the ratio will continue to rise to around 90% in a larger environment of growing demand for 100g light modules.
Sioux Xinjiang Corporation, with most of its overseas PV companies’ work experience, has an entrepreneurial team that includes prominent American investors, Dr. Hae-kyu, and leading technologists and marketers at home and abroad. The founding team, Liu São, Xiaohong, Wang Xiang-Tung, has been engaged in the development and production management of multi-year light modules and testing systems in the United States.
The flow outbreak is a long-term logic, with 5g and large data centres acting as catalysts, the rapid growth of traffic and the unstoppable long-term trend in light-link substitution power connections, which will continue to grow rapidly in the future. According to Cisco's latest Global Visual Network Index (vni), from 2016 to 2021, fixed ip
Flows will increase from 96eb per month in 2016 to 278eb per month, with a compound annual average growth rate of 24%, while mobile flows will increase from 7eb per month in 2016 to the main forces of overall Internet traffic growth, accounting for 80% of total Internet traffic by 2021, a significant increase from 67% in 2016. Video operations such as 4k/8k/vr will be in a larger direction in the future, raising the demand for bandwidth even more.
Figure 5: Global Internet ip flow (Ebbytes) The trend in the photon industry to replace the electronics industry has remained unchanged. Like the 5g frequency targeting high-frequency millimetre waves, wired transmission depends on higher-frequency light bands. As a light medium, fibre-optic fibre cables have greater transmission speed, long transmission distance, good resistance, long useful life and low cost.
Distance, backbone and transmission networks of large-volume data have been fully upgraded into full-light networks, and short-range, low-speed access and short-distance, high-speed data centres are being upgraded, leading to the full development of light devices. In the future, as silicon technology advances, light communications will be completely replaced by copper cable communications, and even signal exchange between chips will be replaced by optical circuits. In our view, the photon industry has a pattern of development similar to that of the electronics industry, all of which are directed from optical devices to photons.
As a result, the direction of the optical system will be promising in the future.
The most important bottom technological facility in the information society is the data centre, which, driven by government policy support and user demand, is rapidly expanding the market size of the global data centre, which, according to the Institute of Foresight, had reached $53.47 billion by the end of 2017, an increase of 18.3 per cent over the same period, while the rise in technologies such as cloud computing and big data contributed to the evolution of the idc into a megadata centre.
By region, 44% of the mega-idcs are in the United States, followed by China, Japan, and the United Kingdom, accounting for 8%, 6% and 6% respectively. China’s Internet company is already in the world’s leading, but the infrastructure of data centres such as the one farthest apart from the United States suggests that there are still huge data centres in our country.
Cloud computing and large data applications have a large volume of data and are stored on different servers, so the main flow of data centres has shifted from a traditional north-south (vertical) to an east-west (horizontal) and a traditional three-storey network that is no longer adapted to demand, making it an extensive configuration of large data centres. The leaf-top network flattens the traditional three-storey network into a second layer, and the leaf-exchange layer is responsible for pooling user traffic, and the switchboard is responsible for processing traffic from leaf exchanges, which essentially solves three layers of traffic.
The network’s horizontal (east-west) transmission bottlenecks. At the same time, the network’s size has increased compared to the traditional structure, with a larger number of switches and network devices needed to increase the number of high-speed luminous modules required for the ridge structure, in proportion to the number of clients.
At the same time, the rapid growth of external flows and changes in the internal network structure are driving the speed at which the light module is being upgraded and there is a tendency to accelerate. For example, Ari Cloud, the largest public cloud service provider in the country, was deployed in 2013 at 40g, with 100g widely applied in 2017, while the 400g light model 5g building was launched in 2019 and the telecommunications light module demand entered the climate cycle.
In the 3g/4g era, where the country’s communications industry was still far from developed abroad, the network was lagging behind and constantly catching up. In the 3g era, our operators only began to deploy the 3g network in 2009, while Japan, Japan, the United States, Europe, entered the 3g period in 2000-2002, and we were seven to eight years behind the developed countries’ standard maturity due to the td-scdma standard.
At the end of 2013, our operators began to deploy a network of 4g, and the country began to build it in 2009. Our 4g standard finally chose to match the global lte standard, so the 4g was built faster, and the world’s largest network was built in just four years. By the 5g, the country was technologically advanced, progress was largely synchronized with the foreign world, coupled with the fact that operators were forced to reduce costs.
The need is high, so we can judge that the construction cycle of 5g will be 4 g long, with large-scale construction going between 2020 and 2025. The investment in 5g is unprecedented. 4g is primarily about people-to-people connectivity and solves the problem of effective communication. It is because of the spread of 4g that mobile Internet is rapidly developing, changing people’s ways of shopping, recreation and living.
This is why national policy has been strongly supported, and inputs will also be strong. According to Said consultants, the total market size of our 5g industry will reach $115 trillion in 2019-2026, nearly 50% more than the total market size of 4g industry. 5g investment, carrying ahead.
The traditional bbu will be divided into cu and du: e.g. cu and du separate deployment, load network add one layer of network, e.g. cu and du co-location, network only forward and re-route, which can be effectively reduced in time. For pre-route networks, the option of fibre-optic drive, non-source wdm, active wdm/otn, etc. can be easily selected depending on access conditions and scenes.
The number of light modules needed for forward transmission is clear, with two modules per macro station for aau, two per macro station for aau, and 24 million modules for 4 million macro stations. In the 4g era, the demand for light modules for the former network was dominated by a single model of 10 gduplex.
Considering the need to save fibre optic resources, the up-and-down equidistance ensures high-precision time synchronization, the product pattern of Bidi will dominate. In addition, 5g is at least 10 times higher than the download rate of 4g, while the ecpri protocol is used for data compression, which is higher than the cpri protocol of 4g, so that the mainstream bandwidth of the forward optic module is 25g, with maximum cost savings.
The price of the lr light module in 25g is about $1,400, assuming that the price of the light module falls by about 20% per year, and we expect the market for the prelight module to be about $17 billion left right. For example, considering the needs of the small base station and the intermediate and echo light module, the market space for the entire 5g module is huge.
Since its inception, companies have gained many credit, including state high-technology enterprises, national 1,000-man schemes, national torch schemes, and innovation teams. The public division has innovatively used cob wrapping techniques in the field of luminous modules, and has mastered many leading processes, including acrylic welding process, precision coupling process, and gold-line bonding.
The 100g light module will be upgraded to 400g and 800g, the existing 4 channels will be turned into 8 channels, the number and speed of channels will increase the importance of light module encapsulation and optical design, and the barriers to light module design and production will increase, so the market will be more concentrated on headlines like Suzhou. Innovative cob wrapping will effectively reduce costs.
As the cost of encapsulation has become smaller and lower, the industry is pushing the containment technology from more expensive gas seals to low-cost non-gas seals. Suzhou is the first company in the industry to put cob seals into the data centre light module. Cob is a non-gas sealing technology based on poxydie binding to fix chips or light components on pcb first, and then the wire coupling is electrically connected, with the top dripping.
It is highly automated and suitable for large volumes of production, especially for the use of vcsel arrays in short-range data communications, and has now become the main stream-enveloped route of the luminous modules. Xinjiang, Suzhou, has now achieved the cob cover of the entire series of light modules of psm4/cwdm4/lr4/clr4/aoc/sr4/er4lite, with full leadership, multi-circuit design, production and debugging techniques.
At the assembly test, the ATs platform and associated software developed by Suzhou can be tested in parallel and can detect four routes simultaneously and get accurate data, significantly reducing the assembly test time for each module and guaranteeing the company's capacity to produce.
The product has a strong product mix and enjoys a high Māori bonus when it first comes to the market. The X-ray module has a shorter up-to-date cycle, and the new product has a faster pattern. The company focuses on the development of encapsulation technology, which became the country ' s first light module with 40 g in volume in 2014, took over the leading position in 2016 through a 100gcwdm4 traffic module, and the first industry 400gosfp module was launched in 2017, with immediate output. By following the product ' s iterative cycle, Suzhou ' s creation can avoid price competition and thus fully enjoy production.
Human and scale effects create cost advantages, management, R & D, and manufacturing are home-grown, with human costs. The modular industry alone, because of the complexity of the process, requires more manpower at the same time as the technology is high.
In terms of automation, Suzhou Xinjiang has invested more money and personnel, and can increase the pace of machine-to-man competition through the accumulation of inter-media equipment in specialized automation equipment.
In 2017, Suzhou created a total production light module of 1.99 million, and 100g products were the world’s first. And, in thousands of cases, large shipments brought with them a higher bargaining power.
High-quality client resources are endorsed for horizontal outreach, working closely with cloud computing giant Google. The company ' s main clients are the lead sheep of global cloud computing centres, such as Google, Amazon, Facebook, and the largest telecom company, China and China, of which Google has been the largest customer since 2013. August 2014, Google and the luminous speed have been the top customers.
(lightspeed) provides $38 million for the C-wheel financing of Suzhou Xujiang, the first venture capital investment in China by Google Capital, which, as of the end of the third quarter of 2018, still holds 3.01% of the share in the Mid-Suzhou Xujiang capital. Google is not only a customer and investor in Suzhou, but also a joint development with it in the Light Model Area, creating a long-term strong supply relationship.
Suzhou's third-largest client, hyvesolotions, in 2016, provided cloud computing solutions for facebook, which reached 11.13%, and the fourth largest client, amazon, which reached 9.36%. The company had entered the facebook direct supply system in 2018 and was expected to supply apples and Microsoft in the future.
The Internet giants are also actively pursuing the pace of the North American giants, and 100g has started to be applied, and Ali Baba is now in the top five clients of the company. With a strong endorsement of the volume of overseas giants, the company is expected to open up to other domestic clients, such as the evangelical, 100 degrees, and support the rapid growth of its future performance.
Figure 22: Market share of global cloud service providers in the third quarter of 2018
Suzhou Xinjiang released a series of 40gqsfp+sr4/ir4/lr4 products in 2012, mainly for the construction of data centres. The 100gcwdm4 product began to be delivered in volume by November of the same year, as global big data and cloud computing began to rise. cwdm4 needed only one fibre-optic to achieve technology, and four fibres of Psm4 saved 3/4 and were easily maintained, becoming a mainstream option for 100g data centres. The 100g light module cwdm4 created in Suzhou has a strong technical strength.
And delivery capacity, which is the world’s number one, has become the core product of the Suzhou Revolution, with a significant increase in corporate performance over the past two years, and a significant financial upturn in figure 23: 100gcwdm4 light module structure, while the next generation of data centres will be connected with 400g, which is widely believed to be available from 2019 onwards. The current 400g mainstream technology is osfp and qsfp-ddd, osfp
Use 8*50g, qsfp-dd, with 4*100g. The advantage of OSfp is that it is relatively easy to radiate the radiator, plus google. The disadvantage is that the size of the 1u panel is basically 32*400g. The OSfp is now available in volume and is more favourable to manufacturers eager to deploy 400g, such as google, rista. The advantage of qsfp-ddd is that the u panel is able to achieve 36*400g density and is compatible with qsfp forward and backward and existing qsfp28
By 2020, many switchboards and light-module manufacturers will support both types of packaging, but qsfp-dd has the advantage of higher port density and forward-to-back compatibility, which makes it likely to become the market mainstream. Suzhou Xinjiang also pre-positioned 400g, covering both the osfp and qsfp-dd technology routes.
400g technology has created a comprehensive solution ranging from 300m to 10km. In terms of production, 400gosfp has achieved volume production in 2018, and 400g qsfp-dd has also been certified by clients and is expected to form a bulk supply in 2019. In terms of competitive patterns, Xinjiang in Suzhou has maintained a leading edge in R & D and in volume production, with the first volume and bulk delivery of 400g light modules. With the launch of 400g deployments in 2019 by North American manufacturers such as Google, amazon, the company's 400g product.
The project is currently approved by the SEC. The 400g light module project has a total investment of $441 million, and the company will form the research and development capacity of a 450 000 400g per year communications module once the investment is completed.
Production capacity, fast-paced supply of demand to meet client requirements, and performance driven. 5g layouts are complete, waiting for demand to break out, although Suzhou has been a major market developer for almost two years, it has been deep-deep in the telecommunications market since its inception, with a telecommunications light module available in the 3g era and in the 4g market.
In the second half of 2016, the 25- and 100-g series of base station light module products were sent to China, China, where 25-g-based station models for Pre-5g were delivered in large quantities in early 2017.
In 2016, Suzhou Xujiang sold $280 million to China and $130 million to China, respectively, with the top five clients in the second and fourth places, in addition to the company’s supply of products with fire and Ericsson. A good example of cooperation with telecommunications equipment providers has been established.
The light-based industrial gardening project will add an additional 1.4 million 5-g wireless communication module capacity per year. The company's layout around 5g is complete, waiting for an outbreak of 5g demand. Profit forecasting, valuation, and investment rating 10g/25g light module: the 10g light module product currently created in Xinzhou is used mainly in the telecommunications market, competitively and technologically mature.
The demand for the 25g light module will increase rapidly. We expect the market for the transmission module to be about 800 million and 2.6 billion by 2019 and 2020. The company has now won a larger share of the bid for the pre-fiveg light module in China and China, the company has excellent technology and expanded production capacity, and we expect large-scale construction companies to take the 40g/100g light module: North American cloud computing firms showed signs of a slowdown in the second half of 2018, after sustained high growth in capital spending over five to six quarters.
The faster pace is mainly due to a six-month-old income from Suzhou in 2017. The 100g light module is more competitive, and we expect a slow downward trend in the Māori ratio, with 400g light module: 400g with small-scale deliveries in 2018, mostly in Google, while 400g in 2019 will have a large increase, with market demand generally projected at around 500,000 and around $2 billion, while Suzhou is the first to produce and deliver 400g in 2018.
The Māori rate for the 400g light module was initially higher at 30 per cent, with postnatal rates of 28 per cent and 26 per cent in 2019 and 2020.1 The operator built 5g at less than expected risk. In the larger context of the cost of the acceleration, the 5g investment rate may be slower than expected to affect the demand for the upstream light module.2 The Sino-American trade risk is not currently included in the tax list, but 70 per cent of the company ' s revenue is from the North American Internet giants, and the Chinese-American trade friction is expected to affect the demand for the upstream light module.
There is a risk that the demand for the data centre light module will slow down. The demand for capital spending for the data centre in North America may be slower than expected, while the demand for domestic Internet companies will not keep pace with the risk of slowing down the demand for the data centre light module.
Tianjin, Beijing University, has had eight years of experience in mobile phone development, laboratory management, etc., and in the computer industry.
This report has been prepared and published by the China Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. It is provided to specific customers only and not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.