Speed up, building an integrated logistics service provider, and producing a quick report on the performance of Shun Fong Holdings.
The net profit attributable to listed companies was $4.556 billion, a decrease of 457 per cent. Four quarters of the year, $25.575 billion, high growth in the volume of new business, and rising unit prices, resulted in an increase of $90.943 billion, or 27.6 per cent, of which $89,677 million was generated by fast-moving operations.
On the other hand, it is expected that the pace of business growth will be sustained: the economy will continue to optimize and upgrade at a higher rate: new business aspects, (1) the rapid growth of new operations will result in high unit prices: (2) quality services will result in brand premiums; and new operations will continue to be dynamic and integrated logistics service providers will be created.
\triangleright has continued its new business, acquiring the supply chain operations of \sin Bong Logistics,  China and dhl in mainland China, Hong Kong, and Macau.
The Division will continue to build on the advantages of the network to increase the rate of city occupancy; in the case of cold transport, the increase in penetration of raw power suppliers provides the main driving force for business development: supply chain operations, by integrating assets and customer resources for quality targets, quickly gaining a prominent place in industry competition, and accelerating the transformation of firms into global integrated logistics service providers.
\triangleright now has three networks, Skynet+Genet, which cover domestic and international logistics.
With the construction of the Oblast airport, good grounding has been created for companies to upgrade product timeliness, improve service stability, build high-end integrated logistics services, and further reduce efficiency gains. Companies are the leading domestic courier logistics integrated service providers, taking into account the high growth dynamics of new operations and the macro-economy.
The Department's historical valuation level (30-70x), which is currently at a low level, is covered for the first time, is given a “recommended” rating.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,