Resource and Environmental Research Centre Short-term performance pressures, long-term strategic resolve Income end: new operations are affected by the macroeconomic slowdown and expected to slow business growth; second half of the year
Thus, firms are expected to perform well in terms of accelerated expansion of transport resources and integration of M & As resources, heavy goods and cold chains.
This is due to the restructuring of the volume. In three quarters, heavy operations received $3.451 billion/+95.8 per cent, the pace of which was accelerated - a three-quarter review of the Consistency Holdings, and the advantages of the network layout and brand, which are expected to be the first new business sector to turn into a surplus.
Three-quarter rigid growth in operating costs was observed (18.870 billion yuan/+32.9 per cent, ring ratio + 8 per cent) and 2. Economic performance, pace of new business and asset inputs to improve network layout.
Accommodating advantage asset acquisition, reducing learning costs, and expecting business integration effects.
Goods, cold transport and contract logistics operations, respectively, acquisition of supply chain operations in Xinzhou Logistics, Xiajun China and Dhl Grand Central China, accelerated completion of full product line layouts, expansion of cold chain customers, integration of high-quality supplies, p/initiation, of course, from radioactivity.
In the transition from express delivery to integrated logistics service providers, the Department has developed new business by fostering its own gradual move to M & As. We believe that the current phase of a company can be compared to the third flight phase of Fedex (the acquisition of freight forwarders, zero loads, etc.).
Given the differences in competition patterns in the US-China Express sector, smooth M&As are clearly faster than Fedex, which also imposes higher requirements on the management and operating level of companies, and the integration effect still needs to be observed. A smooth extension to the supply chain and the positioning of integrated logistics service providers, considering that firms are in a new business expansion phase.
We downgraded the company ' s 18-20 eps to $1.03, $1.26 and 1.37, corresponding to the highly competitive delivery industry, the development of integrated logistics, and the substantial upswing in labour and transport costs, respectively.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment