China Central Free (60188.sh) 23h1th Half-Year Report Review: Turns over pressure and waits for catalysts to disclose 23h1th Half-Year Report, in line with the Express: 1) 23h1 Battalion collects 35.858 billion yuan per year + 30%.
3) In the same period last year, the impact of the epidemic was low, with the revival of the under-line passenger flow contributing to a significant recovery in duty-free sales, 23h1 free sales of $23,956 million per year + 48 per cent per year, tax sales of $11,678 million per year + 5 per cent per year. Income and profits splits reflect weak consumption in the second quarter, narrow discounts, counter-purchases, etc.
At the same time, the supply of best-selling items has been delayed, and the 23h1 store in Sanya city (Sea Bay, on-line booking, Sanya airport, repurchase) has achieved a revenue of 16.876 billion yuan per year + 10 per cent per year, the return of 1.688 billion yuan to 31 per cent, the return of the net interest rate of 10.00 per cent per year to 6.0 pct.
(a) The projected partial profits are accounted for as a result of the exemption from international supply profits, of which Sanya airport stores contribute to the return of the share to the mother price of $597 million and $16 million;
The net interest rate for mothers is 5.27 per cent, and it is expected that the profits from supply will also be accounted for in China's upper Shanghai 23h1 (51 per cent shareholding) will yield $8,197 million per year + 50 per cent, the continuous marketing on-line is 0.10 per cent per year, and the net interest rate for mothers - 4.4 pct is expected to be mainly due to rent being charged in proportion to the return of passenger flows.
The return to sales below the line is not as fast as the return to passenger flows; the outlook is that the revenues below the airport line are expected to increase on a quarterly basis with the return to the country, and that continued investment + continued brand-type expansion is expected to boost the volume of tax platforms on the line.
The new seaport, as a new complex, has not been independently disclosed for this time, and we expect revenue to contribute to or reach $3.54 billion, with a subsidiary level or a profit to be made;
Net profit to the mother is 1.765 billion yuan. Shorter discounts + optimization of the system of points + narrow exchange rate effects drive improvements in the Māori Ring ratio, 23q2 realization of Sindh Securities Inc.
Ring ratio +4.9 pct, the return of incoming and outgoing passenger flows has led to a significant increase in airport rents, with 23h1 rents of approximately 1,842 million cindaseuritiesco., ltd; management rate of 3.71 per cent/square ratio-0.3 pct; financial rate - 0.31 persquare ratio - 6.0 pct; net rate of 23q2
10.37%/year-year-to-year, ring-0.7%. Billion yen/year-year-to-year +45 million, or still largely affected by the backlog of stocks, sales and stock improvement.
The following is more manageable: 23H1 operating cash flows amounting to $8,573 million, driven by growth in sales revenues, and several catalysts are expected to be released in the second half of the year: the second half of summer, the Fourth of July and the beginning of the winter season, which is expected to support the growth of sales rings; and the second phase, the second and the two tops, which are expected to lead to the opening of the Bay.
The attraction and carrying capacity of currents are higher, the new ports of Gucci, Prada or the beginning of their operations in the interior of the year, the introduction of spleen and reassembly are continuing; the size of Phoenix airport is significantly expanded and the supply of American airport supplies is expected to increase significantly; moreover, it is expected that the introduction of the municipal tax exemption policy will accelerate and that the off-line airport port will resume gradually.
We still look forward to a sustained improvement in profits: (a) as the foreign-fragmized brand price system recovers through the whole channel, frees from downward adjustments in membership’s interests, and narrow discounts, we look forward to a change in corporate profitability.
SW: 2) Exchange rates are an important factor affecting net profits throughout the year, and, according to company estimates, changes of 1% in the United States dollar and the Hong Kong currency exchange rate affect net profits of 0.35 million yuan and 81 million yuan, respectively. Investment proposal: as the leader of the tax-free industry, companies are expected to fully enjoy the return of overseas consumption and tax-free policies
Incident: China is exempt from disclosure of the 2023 semi-annual report on the night of 24 August: 3) At the Māori end of the story, the reduction in discounts + the impact of the exchange rate pushes the improvement in the Māori ring ratio, with 23q2 achieving 32.83 per cent Māori, compared to -1.1 pct, ring + 3.8 pct, exemption from taxes in Hainan and discounts in Shanghai, Japan, and the renewal of membership.
The currency ring appreciation, and we expect the exchange rate to be reflected at the end of the cost as a contribution to the improvement of the q2 Māri rate ring, but the current RMB exchange rate continues to be pressured or has some impact on the cost of subsequent purchases.
(b) Significant pressure under the influence of weaknesses, narrow discounts, diversions and counter-subordination, supply-side best-selling problems or sales delays, with a marked decline in the income ring of 23q2 under two-way pressure; and the Māori rate of 32.67 per cent for 23q2.
The decline in the share of revenues, as well as the increase in the rent of the airport resulting from the accelerated reworking of the off-line airport duty-free shop and the continuous recovery of the flow of incoming and outgoing passengers, resulted in a turnover of 11.89 per cent and a turnover of 11.30 per cent for 23q2 and 3.30 pt. 1) Sanya inner store (Sea Bay, on-line reservation, Sanya airport, repurchase): 16.876 billion yuan/same ratio for 23h1
+10 per cent, attributable to the mother, 1.688 billion yuan per annum-31 per cent, the mother ' s net interest rate, 10.00 per cent per annum-6.0 pct, due to the projected partial profit factor, excluding profits from international supply, of which Sanya airport stores contributed 597 million yuan, and the mother ' s share was $16 million; 100 million yuan per annum to 19 per cent, attributable to the mother ' s net interest rate of 5.27 per cent, and the supply profit is also expected to be included in the net profit cut-off: 1 United States dollars (51 per cent*51 per cent).
The same ratio to 4.4 pct is expected to result mainly from rent being charged in proportion to the return of passenger flows, while below-line sales are expected to recover at a slower rate than the return of passenger flows; and the outlook is that below-air airport revenues are expected to increase seasonally with the resumption of entry and exits, with sustained injections + brand-types. The exhibition is expected to boost the growing volume of tax platforms on the line, with high performance periods such as the h2 anniversary and the two-nifteen anniversary;
4) New Seaports: As a new complex, this collection was not independently disclosed, and we expect revenue to contribute to $3.54 billion, and subsidiary level or profit realization. 5) International exemption: supply profits to duty-free shops while running the cdf member purchase platform, 23h1 net repatriation
(b) Cash flows: 23h1 companies have an operating cash flow of 8,573 million yuan, i.e. + 349.5 per cent for the same year, and sales revenue growth is driven by a negative shift in the same ratio; the company ' s monetary capital amounts to $32,233 million, and the company ' s book capital is stable after the Hong Kong stock is on the market.
Looking forward to the year, we look firmly at the continued improvement in earnings and profitability: at the income end, Hainan remains a strong guest-flow attraction in the context of a sustained recovery in immigration, the second half of the summer, the National Day and \triangleright.
The onset of the winter season is also expected to support the continued growth of the passenger current ring ratio; the emergence of the Sanya Sea Bay Area 2 and its two main luxury areas, which are expected to boost the attractiveness and carrying capacity of the Gulf; the new seaports of Gucci, Prada or the continuation of the year's inland business, branding and reassembly, which are expected to accelerate sales uphill; and Phoenix Airport, which is exempt.
In addition, the prospect of accelerating the introduction of tax-free policies within the city, the gradual recovery of off-line airports, macroeconomic expectations, and a recovery in consumption capacity is expected. At the profit end, there is still room for a high upturn in the current Māori-free comparison with the epidemic, with foreign flavour brand prices.
As a result of the recovery through the whole channel, the elimination of downward adjustments to membership rights and the narrowing of discounts, we firmly value the quarterly increase in corporate profitability; and, as a result of the international passenger flow recovery process, the downturn in airport rents, or the prospect of landing, is expected to bring about a profit contribution of 300-40 million.
As leaders of duty-free industries with strong operational capabilities, resource endowments, and supply chain capabilities, companies are expected to fully benefit from overseas consumption returns and tax-exempt policy dividends, and gradually realize their performance. We expect companies to return to their mothers in 2023-2025 with net profits of 70.8 and 3) passenger flows and sales below expectations, respectively.
In 2022, he joined the CSDS as Deputy Director-General of the Research and Development Centre. In 2021, he was awarded the second place in the new Bosunty Zero and Social Services Group, and in November 2022 he joined the CSSS group. The group covered cosmetics, medical beauty, social clothing. Li Bong Jing, Master of Arts in Champagne, University of Illinois, Bachelor of Economics, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest, November 2022.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting granted by the CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.