The industry landscape is expanding profitably with the company q3 and increasing the shares of the aluminium cloud (000807.sz) and is steadily moving forward with the integrated hydropower and aluminium industry.
The company published three-quarterly reports in 2019, which generated business income of $17,939 million during the reporting period, an increase of 12.80 per cent over the same period; the net profit attributable to the parent company was $292 million, an increase in Ye Shoe.
(i) Transfer of profits within the aluminium industry chain to the electrolytic aluminium chain, driven by company o3 performance Oh Jianjun, affected by the flood and electrolytic aluminium safety incidents of major manufacturers during the reporting period
The actual production capacity of the decomposition aluminium is 1.87 million tons, while the additional production capacity of the electrolytic aluminium is less than expected, the production and supply of the electrolytic aluminium has contracted, the supply and demand side of the industry has a tight balance, and the electrolytic aluminium continues to be stored, which supports the price of electrolytic aluminium.
The average price was 14077 yuan per ton, an increase of 0.19 per cent in the ring. And the cost side was reduced by the fact that the country's bauxite mining plants began to adapt to imported bauxite from abroad, and the supply of aluminium oxide was increased by the release of additional aluminium oxide production capacity, both domestically and internationally.
The average domestic price of aluminium oxide in 2019q3 fell by 11.79 to 2543 ton on a year-on-year basis. The price of electrolytic aluminium was stable, and the cost of this reduction brought the average profit from the aluminium oxide chain to the electrolytic aluminium industry to 579 ton, which benefited from an increase of 647 ton in the ring.
Re-allocation of profits from the industrial chain, up-scaling of the electrolytic aluminium industry, and recovery of profitability (ii) approvals ... The company's hydropower and aluminium integration industry has steadily advanced.
The layout of development projects such as aluminum is steadily moving forward. Currently, the company has 2.1 million tons of electrolytic aluminium production, 1 million tons of aluminium alloys and aluminium processing, 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide, 2.6 million tons of bauxite minerals, and 650,000 tons of aromatic carbon production.
The phase-out of priority projects such as Qingjiang II, Mansan Hydro-Aluminium Project and 600 000 tonnes/year Carbon II Project will result in more than 3 million tonnes/year of electrolytic aluminium production, more than 1 million tonnes/year of aluminium and more than 800,000 tonnes/year of aluminum processing production and more than 800,000 tonnes/year of solar carbon production.
In addition, the Mansan bauxite reserve of about 170 million tons, which provides a stronger security of aluminum-Oxide resources for the company ' s hydroelectric and aluminium industry, and with the completion of the 80 million tons of aluminium oxide construction project in Mansan, the production of self-produced aluminium oxide has increased, with a self-sufficiency rate of one.
Step up: The construction of projects such as high-precision, thin aluminum, 35,000 tons of batteries, and aeronautical aluminum welds has increased the value added and profitability of the product. And the company’s unpublicly released approval of the SEC will facilitate further progress in the company’s hydroelectric aluminium industry.
Changes in the supply-demand relationship of the aluminium industry chain have shifted the profits of the industry chain from the end of aluminium oxide to the end of aluminium electrolytic, and the level of profitability of the electrolytic aluminium industry has been gradually being repaired.
3) The new project is not as productive as expected.