How do you see the emerging market growth commonity and sustainability in this round?
In the West, Pakistan, and India markets, we believe that the power grid is lagging behind, adding extremes, that there is a shortage of electricity caused by the weather, and that the price of electricity has risen, the policy has been put in place, and the interest rate has fallen.
Against the backdrop of a price decline of over 50 per cent for the 2024 component, the price of small distributed light storage systems dropped by about 20-30 per cent, and the light storage system is expected to sink from high-income countries to middle-income countries; the share of the population in middle-income countries is 70 per cent in the reverse variant export distribution, but the share of the population in middle-income countries is 70 per cent.
With only 30% of reverse-changer exports, rising electricity prices and policies are expected to continue to drive demand release in emerging markets when the purchasing power base is in place. Taking the lead in setting up emerging-market markets, there is a clear advantage in the channel: companies enter the reverse-changer industry a little late, and it is poor.
Diversifying into potential markets such as Pakistan, Brazil, South Africa, etc., and creating a higher market share through contracting exclusive sales agreements, tags, etc. with larger local distributors.
It is clear that the company issued a performance forecast for the 2024 semi-annual report, achieved a net return profit in the first half of the year The cost barrier for home-based genetics, the toc experience of managing user needs: the company's pre-transition specialization, raising the self-regulating ratio of its products, and in 2023, the Māori industry in which the company's reversible operations were combined;
Early toc operations have also made companies more aware of user needs than other distributed inverters, and new product overlaps in 2024 are expected to further expand the company’s advantages. Billions of shares, raising about $1,992 million, will be used for a 25.5gw group string, storage counter.
Variator production lines, 3gw microreverse production lines, invertor R & D centres, and replenishment of liquidity. Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Emerging market demand below expectations, international trade risks, increased competition in markets.
Scanning for more services. Scanning for more services.
According to the Customs Department, in June, the country exported 918 million dollars, corresponding to 3.76 per cent, the ring + 17.68 per cent, and the ring growth rate was positive for four months in a row in March-June; in December 2023, we proposed that the links should be cleared in the 2024 strategy of the photovoltaic plate.
This report shows strong profit-making resilience and the growth of powerful alpha-businesses. We have chosen to take the lead in setting up emerging markets, with distributed reverses with stronger pre-eminences and cost barriers, to provide insight into the logic of strong demand growth and subsequent sustainability of emerging market reversors in the current round, and to analyse the growth resilience that companies have shown under intense competition.
2. Emerging markets: falling components drive down system prices, power shortages accelerate off-grid storage can penetrate 2.1 Europe’s demand is slowing, and emerging market countries are growing rapidly.
In terms of the structure of exporting countries, the share of high-income countries, represented by Europe, has gradually declined since 2023, while the share of middle-income countries, represented by emerging markets such as Pakistan and India, has gradually risen. As a result of declining stocks and demand, the export of reverse transformers to Europe has slowed since the second half of 2023, with domestic exports falling in January-June.
The amounts of the R-Germany Reversers were $767 million and $196 million, respectively, corresponding to 63.3 per cent/-66.7 per cent.
Domestic exports to Pakistan, India, South-East Asia (Viet Nam, Thailand, Philippines, Myanmar, Cambodia, Indonesia) and Brazil of $241, 23, 201, 434 million, respectively, increased by 285.2 per cent, 98.9 per cent, 41.2 per cent, and 39.6 per cent respectively.
2.2 The search for a high degree of convergence in emerging markets, with power shortages and economics highlighted as the core, from South Africa to Pakistan to Brazil, India, and the recovery of emerging markets with demand surges in the last two years, we believe that the main common denominator is the rigid demand created by severe power shortages, as well as the economic rise in higher electricity prices, policy push, and component price reductions.
2.2.1 South Africa: A severe electricity shortage is fuelling a boom in demand from the grid, and high electricity prices will reverse the recovery. In response to the lack of electricity supply and demand, South Africa has implemented a policy of “restriction” to protect the electricity system from paralysis through planned power outages.
The most severe phase is three power outages of 2 small hours every four days, while the level 8 power outage is 12 outs of 4 hours each every four days. In 2022, South Africa was hit by a severe power-restriction disaster, with a total of 6838 hours in 2023, according to Crses.
Recaution of the monthly changes in roof photovoltaics in South Africa over the past two years, with successive high-level loadings occurring after increased power restrictions. In 2022, South Africa was hit by a severe power shortage, with an accelerated penetration of off-grid systems; in February 2023, the President of South Africa announced a state of national disaster, adding the southern hemisphere to the winter phase of May-June, further catalyzing the release of terminal demand;
After August, end-use enthusiasm declined as winter ended and global components continued to fall, but South Africa’s roof photovoltaics peaked again in the fourth quarter of 2023, as November saw the announcement of a phase 6 down state by eskom. Electricity restrictions temporarily eased the accumulation of stocks in 2023, and demand for South African households fell.
As at 12 July, South Africa had not experienced any reduction for 107 days, adding to the backlog of over-inputed imports in 2023, the demand for South African household imports slowed down in 2024 and, according to the General Customs Service, domestic exports of reverse transformers to South Africa amounted to $86 million in January-June 2024, corresponding to 79.7 per cent.
In order to compensate for the rise in power generation, Eskom announced in December 2023 an increase of 12.74% in residential electricity prices from July 2024, which is expected to rise in South Africa.
Household electricity prices of 200 kwh per month will reach around 22 cents/kwh. According to our calculations, even taking into account the new 10% tariff policy introduced in July this year, South Africa currently has a 5kw light storage system at about 12-15 cents/kwh to the right, with a full economic advantage over residential electricity prices. In addition, according to Codera, South Africa has been living since 2010.
The population price of electricity has remained at a very high rate of 15 per cent per annum and is expected to continue this trend in 2025, even as the power shortage in South Africa has eased significantly, the demand for light storage systems is expected to sustain growth by shifting to an economic demand logic.
Pakistan’s light-storage market broke out in a context similar to that of South Africa, and was closely linked to the fragile local power market environment. Pakistan’s power grid has been powered for a long period of time, on the one hand by a lack of power generation capacity and, on the other, by an old transmission and distribution network, and by a high rate of loss of wire, especially during peak periods such as summer, with the power grid overburdened and power outages becoming normal in 2023.
In order to obtain international aid from Imf, the Government of Pakistan has been asked to raise electricity prices, thereby increasing government revenues, leading to a sharp rise in residential electricity prices, which boosted household demand for photovoltaics. In 2024, Pakistan’s residents’ electricity prices continued to accelerate, and the growth logic is expected to make a gradual transition to economics.
In June, Pakistan’s National Electricity Regulatory Authority (nepra) reportedly announced a 20% increase in the national uniform electricity bill in July, with a rise in residential electricity prices of Rs. 30.6-48.8 (approximately 10.7-17.4 cents)/kwh, with some of the photo-resertive systems in better-lighted areas having a competitive advantage.
Figure 15: Pakistan's rising electricity prices for 23 years drive up cpi Figure 16: Pakistan's residents at 11-17 cents/kwh prices after rising prices Figure 17: Recapitulation of Pakistan's import data for the last four years reveals more marked seasonality
Pakistan’s current demand for storage is more energy-supporting, largely because of the current policy of net counting of Pakistan’s photovoltaic system, which is of little significance for economic uplifting. But taking into account imf’s debt requirements, Pakistan’s electricity bill revenues are in rigid demand, and it is expected that the next shift to total metering or Internet-based electricity prices will result in a significant increase in the economy of the stock.
Due to the low income of the population, the Ministry's allocation of storage needs has shifted to the use of cheaper lead-acid batteries, further expanding the light storage system in Brazil by 2.2.3 Brazil: policy stability, with a clear photovoltaic economy with lower interest rates. Brazil's distribution pattern has long been the absolute core of Brazilian photovoltaics, with a net addition in Brazil of about 12.4gw in 2023.
Of these, about two thirds were distributed, and about 3.1gw were distributed in January-May 2024. The distribution in Brazil was dominated by household use. As of May 2024, out of 29.3gw distributed photovoltaics, the proportion was about 49 per cent, and about 51 per cent in industry, industry and the public sector.
Figure 18: Distributed photovoltaics are the main service of Brazilian aircraft (gw) Chart 19: 29.3gw distributed aircraft share of households (gw per cent) A slight decline in light-voltage machines affected by policy reforms in Brazil in the second half of 2023. In January 2023, the Brazilian Government issued 14.300
The decree officially landed, introducing a new electricity framework for distributed electricity generation. Under the bill, a photovoltaic project, submitted by 7 January 2023 and less than 5mw, is entitled to a net metering mechanism until 2045. In order to retain the benefits of the old power framework, a large number of users have to submit their applications before the new regulations go on the road.
By the end of 2023, the application system must be installed and networked, prompting a faster growth of Brazilian photovoltaics in the first quarter of 2023 and in December. The price of the components fell below interest rates, and the duration of the hold-up ended with Brazil’s high-level photovoltage aircraft confirming a strong demand.
After the hot tide, Brazilian light-voltage aircraft did not retreat as rapidly as the market expected, but remained in high demand. According to absolar, Brazil added 1.49gw in May, corresponding to minus 10 per cent, the ring ratio +132 per cent; and the cumulative January-May loading of 6.ogw, corresponding to minus 9 per cent, the Brazilian light-voltage aircraft in the first half of last year remained on a high base as a result of the looting.
Guaranteeing a flat-several level of loading, we believe that it is largely due to government interest rates, the continuing decline in component prices, and the support of centralized projects. Since August 2023, the Central Bank of Brazil has started a interest-reduction cycle, with policy rates down to 10.5% seven consecutive times in nine months.
Stimulating interest rate reductions, Brazil’s distributed photovoltaic consumption enthusiasm has picked up, and according to Brazil’s indigenous photovoltaic consultancy Greener report, the interest-reduction cycle that began in 2023 boosted consumer consumer enthusiasm at the end, with high interest rates affecting the purchase of distributed photovoltaic systems in 2022, with financing of about 30 per cent, rising to 53 per cent by 2023.
In terms of system prices, the price of component-driven photovoltaic systems decreased significantly in 2023, and according to data released by Greener, the price of the January 2024 photovolt package was approximately R$2.02 (approximately US$0.37)/w, and the aggregate price of the system, including the services and profits of the integrator, was R$3.17 (US$0.58)/w, a decrease of 28.87 per cent/27.79 per cent, respectively.
Against the backdrop of a sharp fall in prices, the recovery period for the photovoltaic system for households in Brazil was significantly reduced. According to Greener, for household use, the recovery period for projects in all regions of the country in January 2024 was reduced to a figure 23: Brazil ' s average recovery period for the photovoltaic system for 4kw households in January 2424 was 3.3 years, 25/13% less than in June 2323 January 2023.
2.2.4 India: Subsidy policy plus, power-deficit catalytic, home-based photovoltage to open the long-cycle landscape Rs. Billion Rs. The policy aims to stimulate 4gw households with photovoltaic machines by subsidizing the roof photovoltaic system to meet the national target of 40gw by 2026. By February 2024, the Government of India announced the “Prime Minister Sun”
Homes: The free electricity scheme (pm-survagharmudbiiliojan) replaces the second stage of the roof glitter plan. Compared to the previous version of the subsidy policy, the 2024 policy covers a wider group of consumers and budget ceilings, and low-income groups are expected to benefit fully: the 2024 policy is lower than the 2019 policy.
Income groups are more favourable. Although the subsidy ceiling available to individual systems has been reduced, the subsidy per kilowatt has actually nearly doubled for small systems up to 3 kw. For example, the 2kw roof photovoltaic system, with the 2019 policy providing approximately Rs. 29176 (approximately US$ 350), while the 2024 policy provides up to 60,000 rubles.
The ratio of subsidies (about US$ 720) has risen from around 25% to over 50%, which has helped to extend the roof photovoltaic system to a wider low-income group. The policy has significantly increased the housing budget to Rs. 657 billion, with households using roofs of about 22-25gw, which are expected to be in the future.
In late May, northern India experienced continued high temperatures, and on 29 May Delhi recorded a record 49.1°C high temperature, which led to high levels of electrical usage, such as air conditioning.
India’s electricity demand peaked at 250gw on May 30, reaching a record level, as a result of massive and sustained power outages in the capital city of Delhi. Continued high temperatures and power outages in some parts of the country are expected to contribute to the rapid spread of domestic roof lighting and volley systems. According to the Ministry of New Energy and Renewables of India, a cut has been made since the opening of the system application on February 13th.
By 6 June, the number of state subsidy applications amounted to 1.85 million, an increase of 9.35 million from 18 May. Indian roof photovoltaics were smaller in 2023 and increased at a significant rate over the next four years. According to mercom, Indian houses in 2023 were installed at 1.7gw, an increase of 3.7 per cent over the same year, with households occupying about 50.5 per cent of the roofs.
0.9gw. There is still a large gap between the annual 4-5gw loadings of the free electricity scheme. Indian roofs were installed in the first quarter of 2024 on a photovolt, about 367mw, of which households accounted for about 14%. The lower loads were due mainly to expectations of the implementation of the new subsidy scheme, the prolonged approval process resulting from bureaucratic procedures, and the overloading of the system as a result of the surge in the number of applications.
With the gradual elimination of the plant, India’s roofs are expected to be installed at a significantly faster rate in the future. 2.3 Insuring sustainability: sustaining the downfall of the system, economic advantage is the reason for long-term growth, and we believe that the demand of emerging markets is still in the early stages and is expected to continue at a good rate in the medium and long term.
2.3.1 The cost of the system has declined as a result of falling battery prices, and middle-income countries have acquired purchasing power. According to GNI per capita, the World Bank divides countries and regions into low-income, low-middle-income, high-middle-high dollars.
High-income countries account for 21 per cent of the population, high- and middle-income countries for about 21 per cent, low- and middle-income countries for 46 per cent, and low-income countries for 11 per cent. Although middle-income countries account for 67 per cent of the population living abroad, they have been affected by the high initial costs of previously distributed photovoltaic systems.
The price of components and lithium carbonate has declined rapidly, which is the main factor that the distributed light storage system can sink to middle-income countries.
Reasons. From the beginning of 2023 to the present, the unit average price of the domestic perc component fell from close to $2.w to 0.9.w. The main cost of storage batteries also fell rapidly from 300,000.00 to 900.000.00 to the right in 2023, and the price of power cells dropped sharply, significantly increasing the value of the rationing and increasing penetration capacity in the sunk market.
Figure 31: The price of lithium carbonate, the main cost of the core, has dropped significantly, the components account for about 30-40% of the cost of the photovoltaic system in the household, and the price reduction-led elasticity effect is significant.
The purchase of the May 2024 quotations from the brightsolar website, a sample of 5kw households using the photovoltaic system, was approximately $3121, of which the price of components was about 29 per cent, and the reference domestic perc component, which was projected to fall by January 2023 at a cost of approximately $4050 or 23 per cent, taking into account that Pakistan ' s per capita gross national income in 2023 was only about 23 per cent.
In terms of national per capita income conditions, we judge that the current prices of small light storage systems have fallen to a reasonable level that residents of middle-income countries can afford. It is expected that the main residents of low- and middle-income countries will be able to purchase small-volume lithium batteries or use lead-acid batteries to enter them.
Figure 33: Purchase of distributed photovoltaic systems in middle-income countries
2.3.2 Sustainedness: extreme weather events are often catalytic in the short term, long-term grid restrictions, economic upscaling In the short term, extreme weather events lead to grid crashes and catalytic storage demand release. In the context of global warming, extreme weather events occur frequently around the world. On the one hand, extreme temperatures in the summer have led to intensive use of appliances such as air conditioning.
On the other hand, extreme weather conditions, such as high temperatures, have adversely affected the proper functioning of power stations and grids. Especially in countries where hydropower accounts for a larger share of electricity, high temperatures-induced droughts have led to an equal decline in electricity generation, which could trigger large-scale, long-term electricity generation.
Extremely high temperatures or normal patterns are expected to support the continued release of distributed light storage needs. According to the latest report issued by the World Meteorological Organization (WMO), 80% of the global average annual temperature over the next five years is likely to be at least one year higher than that of industry.
The annual baseline is 1.1°c to 1.9°c higher. The report states that at least one year of these years (86%) may have created a new temperature record, exceeding the current hottest year of 2023.
In the long term, we believe that the demand for small reserves in emerging markets is mainly due to the demand for storage and the increased penetration of the market after a certain advantage has been achieved by grid restrictions, which can be divided into two categories, namely, capacity limitations and transmission restrictions:
1) Capacity limits: Vietnam’s market is typical of capacity constraints, with Viet Nam’s light-voltage units experiencing high Internet penetration between 2017 and 2020, with a rapid explosion in electricity prices, adding more than 16.5gw in two years. With grid capacity restrictions, the price policy for Internet access expired in 2020, and Viet Nam’s light-voltage new loaders have stagnated since then. As the price of light-storage systems sank to middle-income countries.
Within the population’s consumption range, with the gradual increase in the economy of the light-storage system, it is expected that the reserve will become the dominant method for distributional photovoltaics. There are still 685 million people worldwide without access to electricity in the year, and concentrated mainly in South Asia, Africa, and some island-type countries.
In South-East Asia, for example, countries such as the Philippines and Indonesia, which have a number of small islands, have some difficulty in establishing transmission systems to deliver electricity to these areas, where the off-grid light storage system has a strong demand. The current light storage system is already able to achieve 12-15 cents of electricity in some of the most photo-friendly parts of the environment.
The Philippines, South Africa and other regions have already had a competitive advantage in electricity prices, but they are constrained by higher upfront input costs, market appreciation, low consumer penetration due to poor fertility, which, as domestic firms continue to open the sea, is expected to lead to healthy regional demand, 3 and differentiated routes leading to pre-emptive advantages, barriers to home-based genetic empowerment costs
3.1 One electric company turned gorgeously and new energy was created in the first cycle of growth in 2000. The company was established in 2000 to focus on household power and to move gradually from high-end transformation of suppliers of low-value-added products, such as gold and plastics, to suppliers of US-based core-frequency control solutions. In 2016, company approvals were made.
The introduction of technological talent, the gradual expansion of the inverter business, and the successful launch of the first generation of energy-reverser products in 2017 have opened a new course for the new energy sector. Currently, the company’s main product covers both household electricity and new energy panels, and covers products such as inverters, storage batteries, heat exchanges.
Devices and dehumidifiers: 1) Reversers: Corporate Reverser product coverage storage inverters, cluster inverters and mini-reversers 3 goods, mainly aimed at household use and business applications; 2) Storage battery: storage battery products are mainly associated with storage inversion transformers to form a storage energy system, also oriented towards household use and commercial applications, and in 2024, the company launched an integrated application.
(c) Heat exchangers: heat exchangers are one of the core components of air conditioning, and company products consist mainly of evaporation and condensers; and (4) humidifiers: company humidifiers include household dehumidifiers, industrial dehumidifiers and non-standard dehumidifiers, covering home use, industry and various applications.
In terms of income growth, traditional household power has been subject to a slowdown in demand for air conditioning for the past three years, and new energy operations have benefited from rapid demand surges in South Africa, Brazil, and Europe, and have gradually become the company’s leading business. In terms of profitability, inverse transformers have benefited from sales scale expansion and sustained research and development.
The downside effects, Māori rates continue to improve, and the rates of storage of energy batteries, dehumidifiers and heat exchangers remain relatively stable.
In terms of income size and rate of growth, despite the lateness of the company ' s introverter, the growth has been faster, with a significant upturn in the industry average for business in 2020-2022, and in 2023, the corporate inverter income has reached the level of the inverter industry, the second and the first in the household inverter.
Figure 42: Corporate Reversers ' revenues in the country rank in the second echelons (millions of yuan) as opposed to other distributed Reversers, the market areas for corporate Reversers are mainly in emerging market countries such as South Africa, Brazil, and India. In 2023, the company Reversers and Storage Battery Packages received a combined revenue of $5.314 billion, of which the domestic revenues amounted to $1.32 billion.
3.2 Discreparate emerging markets, where pre-emptive advantage is emerging, corporate inversers start later than other domestic counterparts, and therefore focus market choices on emerging markets such as South Africa.
In the main, this option creates two main advantages for companies: first, the relatively small initial size of emerging markets, the small number of market participants and the relatively low competitive pressures of the previous period; and, second, the ability to pre-empt demand when the market has developed its consumption habits at an early stage, creating stronger barriers to access and reputational effects.
In terms of service points, middle-income countries account for more than half of the world’s 11 offshore storage and after-sales outlets. In specific countries, firms have successfully established well-developed after-sales services systems in countries with high growth rates, such as Brazil, India, South Africa, Pakistan, and South-East Asia.
Figure 49: Middle-income countries account for more than half of the global stock market post-sales service points where companies began to deploy emerging markets such as South Africa and Pakistan before 2019, and in South Africa and Pakistan in 2019.
In the South African market, companies have achieved higher market penetration through the production of reversible products for the largest local reversor brand, Sunsynk, and in Pakistan, companies have signed exclusive sales agreements with the largest household luminator, Inverex, relying on strong channels and branding capabilities.
In the Brazilian market, according to a study by Greener on the integration of Brazilian fratricidal photovoltaic systems, companies ranked second in the recognition of their reverse transformer brands for the second consecutive year of 2022-2023. According to Solfácil, in the second quarter of 2024, companies delivered more goods than Gurevat in Brazil, and the city ranked first.
On the Indian market, according to data published by jmkresearch, the company’s chained reverses market in India in 2023 accounted for 5.6% of the output, corresponding to about 0.6gw. In the first quarter of 2024, the company’s chained inverters were about 0.2gw.
Figure 52: Indigo Reversers in India ranked sixth in 2023. Figure 53: 2401 Indian Serial Inverters ranked third in number.
According to Māori rates, in 2023 the combined Māori ratio reached the industry ' s first-tier level and, in addition to the increase in the Māori ratio of storage capacity and micro-reversible high Māori production, the cost advantage of the company is based on a unique home-made background.
Mainly in the areas of economies of scale, mature supply chain management, and standardization of production, and ultimately externalizing to corporate-led ownership, there are significant advantages in cost control and market competitiveness. In concrete terms, we believe that the cost advantages of companies derive mainly from three dimensions: higher self-supply of structures, and gbt national production.
Lead, and lower cost: high self-supply of structural elements: According to Spe, the proportion of structural units in the cost of reverse transformers is about 16%, including plastics, crushes, radiators, etc.
In contrast to the rest of the enterprises that need to be excavated, corporate structures are more self-supporting, effectively reducing the cost of purchasing and increasing the company’s Maori. igbt is a leading national producer: electronic components account for about 66% of the reverse changer’s cost, with power device igbt showing the cost.
The country's igbt started relatively late, and in the last two years it has gradually moved to national production in the low-to-middle-power segment, but high-end market customers like Europe and America will still choose to import the igbt, while the emerging market is less sensitive to the igbt suppliers, so in the igbt nationalization process, the company's imports are faster, and in 2022 it began using the igbt.
The reversal in volume production, which is now expected to lead the industry as a whole, further expands the cost advantage of the company. Lower cost rates: the company’s impact is also reflected in the fine-tuning of cost management, with the company’s cost level remaining at around 10% during the period 2019-2023, significantly lower than that of the industry, and is mainly clear in terms of sales and management costs.
The reason for the lower cost of the company is mainly due to two factors: on the one hand, the company avoids more competitive and mature markets such as Europe, Australia and other emerging markets such as South Africa and Pakistan, and opens up channels and branding with lower marketing costs; and, on the other hand, the company collaborates with some of the larger distributors.
The model of tag sales reduces the cost of the chain of sales. 3.4toc experience captures the user’s needs precisely, the new product is at the cutting edge of technology, the home power industry experience gives companies a keen market insight, and the technology route and product overlaps accurately match consumer demand.
Storage capacity: A low-pressure route directly hits the emerging market user pain point and sustains an iterative effort to safeguard competitiveness. Under the dominant high-pressure trend in 2022-2023 storage industries, firms maintain low-pressure routes based on emerging market price sensitivity and low-skilled electricians, and make their low-pressure products relatively high-pressure products competitive with high-pressure techniques through continuous optimized iterative upgrading.
The low-pressure route is characterized by ease of installation, cheap prices, and excellent security performance: 1) convenience of installation: higher voltage households store, because of higher voltage of the system, requires more cables and more professional capabilities 2) the price is cheaper: higher-pressure technology routes are more than online cables, and higher demand is placed on installed personnel than low-pressure households.
In order to ensure the safety of the system, additional protective facilities, such as battery racks, high voltage boxes, are required, and the price of high voltage batteries is slightly higher than that of low voltage batteries. 3) Safety performance is excellent: compared to high pressure systems, the internal voltage of low pressure systems is contained within 48v, even if there is an error.
In addition, the company provides diesel for storage reversors based on inadequate power grid facilities in emerging markets, reliance on diesel generators, and directs to the client’s needs. The company’s continuous power-depressive low-pressure storage technology route has now turned from storage capacity.
In response to the trend of integration needs, the new household storage unit is expected to increase the ratio of the distribution. The single machine has a greater advantage in the size of the area than the design of the traditional reverse transformer, which is equipped with storage power.
A single machine, with conventional features such as an accelerator, smart load, etc., upgrades and removes from the grid to within 4ms, further safeguarding the steady operation of critical load appliances in the event of an emergency power outages. Micro-reversers: deep insight into the new radiative trends on the European balcony, and corporate innovation in the introduction of micro-reverses and multi-functional mini-charges
1) Micro-storage inverters: Micro-reverser products released on the 2024 Snec show by companies that support grid-connecting, off-grid, exchange coupling three working models, with storage cell interfaces, can be directly connected to supported batteries to meet storage needs under the balcony scenario. The general mini-reverse in storage can be directly compatible with upgrades.
The pre-existing PV system is a photovoltage and storage energy mix. 2) Microstorage battery products: in addition to traditional energy storage tanks, new products are multi-purpose and portable, battery homegrown with multiple usba plugs that can be charged directly for loads such as computers, mobile phones, etc., and can also be used as an out-of-the-horizon scenario for portable batteries, such as camping.
Figure 64: Multi-application scenarios for company-module mini-restriction batteries
The balconies are undergoing a major reform to significantly reduce the system’s registration while the grid power ceiling and system ceiling are being raised to 800w/2000w. In the context of large price reductions for components and batteries, the balconies that have been saved from high artificial installation costs have increased significantly in economic terms, and the liberalization of the system’s size at the policy level has created a good policy ring for the luminous storage of the balconies.
According to our calculations, the recovery period for typical German balconies is expected to be three to five years, and if the recovery period is expected to increase by about one year with small storage energy batteries and the subsequent rate of return is higher, the balconies are economically well equipped. According to the German Federal Networking Agency, 272,000 additional balconies were added in Germany as of August 8, 2024, January-July, which is +44%.
Validation of high downstream demand. 4, Profit forecasting and investment advice Reverser business: company pre-positioning potential to fully benefit from emerging market light storage demand surges, expected
1) Storage Reversers: The company ' s main marketing area for energy Reversers is emerging markets such as Pakistan, South-East Asia, the Middle East and North Africa, where it is expected to maintain a high rate of pre-existing market access, benefiting from the outbreak of off-grid demand in Pakistan, the Middle East and North Africa, projected 2) Micro Reversers: 802,000 sold by the company ' s mini-reverters in 2022, replaced by the German microresilient relay events
New products are expected to recover some of their share of the market in the year, with projected MREs of 1,145,000 in 2024, compared with +318.5 per cent in 2022, an increase of 42.7 per cent over 2022, while continuing to benefit from the German balconies, the demand for small distribution systems in Brazil, and the expansion of the new application landscape as a result of the release of micro-stores, with projected MDRs of 150.0 in 2025-2026.
The unit price affected by local income is relatively low, the MRP and Māori rates are expected to decline in 2024, and the company released a new MRP with storage capacity in 2024, and is expected to be formally delivered in the second half of 2024, with product unit prices expected to rise over traditional mini-reversers and expected public as the MRP share rises in 2025-2026.
The unit price of micro-reverse products has increased, and the Māori rate has remained largely stable. 3) Clusters of string inverters: the cluster inverter and the storage inverter could share the production line, which was affected by production capacity constraints until 2023, and the company ' s output was dominated by a higher unit price and profitability in the storage inverter, and as the company ' s capacity has expanded gradually, the chain has expanded.
The company’s chain inverters are mainly sold in India and Brazil, benefiting from the economic upscaling of the Indian roof, the New Deal and the fall in interest rates in Brazil, and the fall in system prices. The group is 10,000, corresponding to +279.0%/+27.7%/+200.0%; and because the product of the chain inverters is highly homogeneous, the main sales are added to the list.
The regional Indian market is more competitive, with prices and Māori coverage projected for 2024-2026 for company-based reversible products and Māori coverage, which are expected to decline significantly in 2024 as a result of structural changes in the overall Māori ratio of company-based reversible operations as a result of lower levels of Māori storage and micro-reversers in cluster-based revers products.
Power cell operations: company storage batteries were sold mainly for storage reversibles, with a storage rate of about 31.2 per cent in 2023, benefiting from the release of new items such as the e-grid demand release and the balcony micro-store, distribution ratio of household electricity operations: based on performance forecasts, the company ' s home power ownership brand, which was dominated by humidifiers in the first half of 2024, was profitable on the same scale as in the first half of 2024.
Emerging markets, such as North Africa, continue to experience demand surges, domestic reversible exports continue to grow on a quarterly basis, and after-sale maintenance costs will fall back to normal levels in 2024. Given the scale of the impact of emerging market revenue release, emerging markets are less than expected: the main reason for long-term positive corporate growth is sustained growth in emerging markets in the medium to long term.
It is expected that a slowdown or decline in demand in emerging markets will have an impact on corporate performance. Increased friction in international trade: corporate revenues are predominantly overseas, and the introduction of trade barriers or home-grown protection policies in major overseas distribution areas may make it difficult for companies’ products to continue to sell locally and have an impact on corporate performance.
Increased market competition: When demand in the traditional high-end markets of Europe and the United States slows down, the remaining domestic inverters, or will enter emerging markets using price wars, etc., may have an impact on corporate performance.