Midea
China
HOLD
Consensus ratings*:
Midea management is guiding high single-digit growth for 1Q19, higher than our
previous expectation of flat to low single-digit growth.
Rmb52.8
Current price:
KUKA's revenue (~10% sales) outlook is improving after a disappointing 2018.
Rmb48.0
Target price:
High inventory levels in the AC category (~40% sales) remain a concern for 2019.
Previous target:
In spite of Midea's improving near-term outlook, Midea's shares are currently sitting
Up/downside:
-9.1%
near historical highs on a PER basis. We expect EPS growth to decelerate in 2019-
CGS-CIMB / Consensus:
PER and upgrade our TP from RMB46 to RMB48 after adjusting our forecast.
Reuters:
000333 CH
Bloomberg:
2018 results in line; 2H18 gross margins a surprise to the upside
Market cap:
US$51,845m
In 2018, Midea recorded revenue of RMB261.8b, representing 8.2% YoY growth. Net
Rmb347,979m
profit grew ~17.1% YoY to RMB20.2b, in line with consensus. Revenue growth was
US$244.6m
substantially weighted toward H1, with H2 growth flat YoY (see Figure 1). In spite of
Average daily turnover:
slowing revenue growth, gross margins firmed in 2H18. In particular, gross margins in the
Rmb1,644m
consumer appliances segment improved 345bps HoH, driving the majority of profit
6,585m
Current shares o/s:
growth in H2.
41.0%
Free float:
Management upbeat on 1Q19 growth
Management is confident that the Company outperformed its peers in sales growth for
1Q19. Management guided high single-digit top-line growth in 1Q19 and mid-to-high top-
line growth for full-year 2019. Bottom-line growth is expected to outpace revenue
performance. An improving growth story in 1Q19 is consistent with data from China
Market Monitor, which shows an uptick in home appliances sales in March (see Figures
2-7)
KUKA's revenue declined 5% YoY in RMB terms (-6.8% in euros), mainly due to a
slowdown in global auto sales. KUKA management cut revenue guidance twice in 2018.
Management is more upbeat about KUKA's 2019 outlook, with 1H19 orders expected to
be comparable with those of full-year 2018. Revenue growth for KUKA should also be
supported by new capacity coming online at the Shunde plant.
AC inventory levels (~40% of sales) remain a concern
Midea's AC inventory levels remain a healthy 4m units (down from 5m units in 3Q18).
However, total channel inventory for the sector across all brands may be approaching
levels last seen in 2014 prior to the previous market downturn in ACs. Considering high
channel AC inventory and a high base effect in 1H19, we remain cautious on the
category's 2019 growth outlook.
We adjust our forecast to account for better-than-expected 1H19 revenue growth and
improving margins in the Consumer Appliances segment (see Figure 10) and continue to
value Midea at 13x 2020 PER. We increase our TP from RMB46 to RMB48 on account of
these changes. In a scenario where new consumption policy rolls out nationally,
increasing appliance sales by ~RMB700bn in 2019-2021, we think Midea is potentially
worth RMB 52 per share, in line with current price level. While we continue to like Midea
for its long-term product upgrade story and exposure to international markets, we feel
that the recent market rally has run ahead of slowing fundamentals. Midea currently
trades at ~14.7x consensus figures on a 1-year rolling forward basis, near the top of its
historical range (see Figure 8). However, we forecast an EPS CAGR of ~10% through
2020, slower than Midea's historical high-teens EPS growth.
Analysts
Jeffrey Dorr
An Zhang, CPA
Johnson Cheung
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
Key Performance Observations
Midea's revenue growth decelerated in 2H18, but management expects revenue to return to positive territory in
\triangleright
While KUKA is expected return to double-digit growth in 2019, the robotics segment comprises only ~10% of sales,
limiting its impact.
In 2018, AC accounted for ~50% of growth in Midea's gross profit. With a high base in 1H19 and high reported
\triangleright
channel inventory levels across the sector, we think the AC segment is unlikely to repeat this performance in 2019.
Midea's gross margins improved in every major category in 2018. Notably, gross margins for Consumer Appliances
\triangleright
Home Appliances Retail Sales by Category (2019 vs. 2018)
China Market Monitor (CMM) tracks online retail sales on JD.com, Alibaba, and Suning. According to CMM, AC
sales grew 48% YoY for the month of March 2019. YTD, online AC sales are now up nearly 30% YoY. While still
slower than 2018's growth of over 60%, the March data bodes well for 1Q19 and marks a shift from the slow
January and February data.
Apart from ACs, refrigerator and washing machine growth showed improvement in March, but sales remained
\triangleright
relatively lacklustre.
Components of Midea's Price Growth
Midea currently trades at ~14.7x consensus figures on a 1-year rolling forward
basis, near the top of its historical range. While Midea's PER valuation is high in
the historical context, its forward consensus EPS growth has been decelerating.
2018 results briefing takeaways
2019 Outlook
Management is confident that the Company outperformed its peers in sales
and mid-to-high top-line growth for full year 2019, with bottom-line growth
expected to outpace revenue performance.
Midea is currently executing some sales promotions before summer, but not on
a broad strategic level. Management asserts that consumption upgrading is still
the main trend, so profit growth should exceed revenue growth in 2019. While
commodity prices have been increasing YTD, Midea has not been significantly
affected by these changes.
KUKA's results and management reshuffle
As a result of the broad economic slowdown, especially the slowdown in auto
sales in 2018, KUKA adjusted its revenue guidance twice last year. However,
KUKA targets high growth in 1H19, with more than EUR 2bn worth of orders on
hand YTD. Therefore, Midea estimates that KUKA's 1H19 order amount will be
comparable with that of full-year 2018, which could help KUKA achieve strong
revenue growth in 2019, driven mainly by new available capacity in Shunde.
Management believes the logistics, healthcare and automation business will
make a further contribution to KUKA's revenue growth in China.
KUKA's China team is now fully responsible for its operations in China.
Previously, German headquarters made all the strategic decisions for China, but
now operations have been optimized by delegating decision-making authority to
the China team. Midea has reportedly sent some its own managers to KUKA's
China team.
Consumer appliance segment performance
With the exception of AC/Refrigerator/WM, Consumer Appliance revenue
declined ~1% in 2018. Kitchen hoods experienced the steepest decline (~30%
decline) due to high inventory in the distribution channel. Microwave growth also
declined slightly. Water heaters, water purifiers, rice cookers and induction
cookers all maintained positive growth. Refrigerator/WM revenue increased 11-
12% in 2018. The ASP of refrigerators increased significantly, exceeding volume
growth.
Cash management
Midea has a financial management company that manages its current assets,
especially its operational cash. Structural and swap deposits, and cash and
equivalents currently add up to ~RMB 90bn. Midea's financial management
company's focus is on the safety and efficiency of Midea's cash. The entity
invests in bank money management products or just holds cash deposits.
Midea's cash normally generates a ~4% return. Midea also takes advantage of
excess cash by acquiring companies in the supply chain, providing suppliers
with financing, and investing in projects with KUKA.
New product offerings
Midea is focusing on providing a full product line and marketing it to property
management companies. Midea's new COLMO and BUGU brands penetrate the
high and low tiers of the market, respectively.
Little Swan acquisition
The acquisition of Little Swan should be completed this June.
Quantification of the benefits of new subsidies
Subsidies targeting high efficiency products will definitely benefit Midea.
BY THE NUMBERS
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
Durable Products | China
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International Securities
(Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made as
to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance. The
recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited, its subsidiaries and
associate companies ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of interest
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited. China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies)' securities in respect of which are
reviewed in this report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or less than 1% of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization unless specified
otherwise.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
Galaxy International Securities may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of,
any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, Galaxy International Securities may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
China Galaxy International has procedures in place to eliminate, avoid and manage any potential conflicts of interests that may arise in connection with the
production of research reports. The research analyst(s) responsible for this report operates as part of a separate and independent team to the investment banking
function of Galaxy International Securities and procedures are in place to ensure that confidential information held by either the research or investment banking
function is handled appropriately.
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or
will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in
or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed
companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
BUY
: share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
SELL
share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
HOLD
no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.