Jiangsu Bank (600919). Long Triangular Dragon Leader. City comptoir. Regional and strategic positioning support.
All right. The top ten shareholders of the company are mostly local high-quality state companies, with a total share share of nearly 40%. The strong national capital background is the comparative advantage of Jiangsu Bank in strengthening local cooperation and deepening the regional economy.
The Department has branches in 13 municipalities in the province, with 461 departmental branches, and has established an intra-provincial commercial bank with an intra-provincial stock system, which has created a network of local corporate banks. According to the statement, in 2015 the Bank of Jiangsu was located in small and medium-sized banks in the Jiangsu region.
As of late 2021, the balance of loans in Jiangsu Bank accounted for 6.6 per cent of the total loan balance in Jiangsu province; it was 0.68 pct higher than at the end of 2015, and the city’s share was rising year by year.
Bankers, the only local legal person in Jiangsu province to be able to fully enjoy the dividends of high-quality economic development in the region.
Since 1993, Jiangsu has ranked second in the country in the total amount of gdp. Municipal development has been more balanced, with 13 municipalities in the country.
Culture leads by building a leading commercial bank that is “specialized, intelligent, gdp 100 cities.” In terms of per capita indicators, Jiangsu province has grown up with a per capita gdp, disposable income, integration and internationalization.
In terms of industrial structure, Jiangsu Province has, in recent years, been the country’s largest cluster of advanced manufacturing industries for a combination of six industries, such as modern goods, and material networking, that are more competitive in the market.
In 2021, the production ratio of strategic and emerging industries in Jiangsu and high-technology industries rose to 39.8 per cent and 47.5 per cent; at the same time, efforts were made to promote the integration of advanced manufacturing and modern services development, software and information technology services, scientific research and technology services, and the Internet in 2021.
Retailing and micro-business features are particularly important and are expected to lead to high and sustainable growth. In retail trade, the zero-sale strategy shift has progressed steadily, with individual lending rising from year to year, reaching higher levels than comparable counterparts.
Credit cards and consumer loans continue to work, contributing to high-yielding assets. At the same time, wealth management accelerates, with a rapidly rising contribution from middle income. Retail strategic layouts show results, and it is expected that the removal of gold medals will help consumer-type credit continue to thrive and see retail operations grow in the long term.
Small micro-enterprises, small micro-finance models, have matured, and micro-credit has kept its share of the market ahead in the province. The industry has focused on infrastructure, manufacturing, and has gradually withdrawn from manufacturing-developing capacity and increased investment in advanced manufacturing.
Financial performance has continued to improve, and Roe has moved up steadily. In 2011-2017, the Bank of Jiangsu continued to fall down, mainly due to a combination of low net interest earnings and high asset impairment losses. From 2018 to the present, companies have taken the initiative to optimize asset handling and accelerate the transformation of retail strategies, power-consumption lending and wealth.
Management, increased tax-free asset allocation, increased loan pricing, lower cost of liabilities, higher non-interest income, lower real income tax rates, and progressive roll-out of roa and roe (2020 outbreak disturbance).
Sex, giving a “strong recommendation” rating. Constant operations; unexpected changes in regulatory policy, etc.
1. The Long Triangular Dragon City comptoir, with a strong background in State capital, was established in 2007 by the Bank of Jiangsu, which is composed of the former Sin-no-Su, South Tong, Changzhou, Huaan, Xuzhou, Yangzhou, Salt City, Town River and Lien Yun Harbour.
Ten municipal comptoirs have been consolidated and are based in Jiangsu Nanjing. The company’s commitment to serving small and medium-sized enterprises, local economies, and markets for urban and rural residents is unique in the areas of microfinance, technology and finance, green finance, and cross-border finance. By the end of March 2022, the company’s total assets amounted to 2.76 trillion dollars, the largest urban comptoir in the Long Triangle region.
The first shareholder is a local state corporation with a strong background. As of the end of March 2022, Jiangsu bank held three shares in more than 5% of its shareholders.