High-quality white horses in the communications industry, the 5g era, Sun Yungun, July 20, 2017.
4.5g, the further increase in the market share of transmission networks and the expansion of consumer operations abroad, with net profit levels attributable to cost savings resulting from the growth of revenue and the maturity of the company ' s product lines, which raise the Māori rate to the firm ' s tight management.
The industry climate is supported by the bottom, with companies having strong growth momentum in the 4.5-g era.1 The demand for 4.5-g mobile networks, high-speed light networks, sdn, etc., is accelerating, and investment demand remains strong, especially as a result of the continuing high growth in data flows.
In some new areas, structural opportunities will arise. 2. Broad power systems undertake large-scale “interconnectivity” construction, which may result in additional network investment, with new and increased investment in areas of emerging advantage and enhanced corporate performance.
The market share is still lower than that of several other competitors, and this is the difference between the past 2g/3g/4g years due to a variety of factors in technology and marketing channels, which has disappeared in the current 4.5g years, with the possibility of further raising the market share.
Power. The R & D and early mass production phases of product 4.5g in China have been completed, the company’s product line costs will be more effectively controlled, and the Mäori rate will increase steadily.
In the meantime, the operator's network equipment is expected to reach between 232 and 2.86 billion, with a relatively high growth space.
As a Chinese home-grown enterprise, China, based on industrial protection and security factors, has taken over 4g construction.
70% of the country's share, and this home-grown home-place advantage will continue into the 5g construction period, with a large order acquisition capability.3 In the future, in a sizeable networked market, it is expected that the emerging market will hold the upper edge of the networked market through a leading industry.
The two-wheel drive of consumer business: we look at the performance of the middle-class communications future in both smartphones and home-based products, and the two-wheel drive will be a better boost to the consumer industry.
1. Communications: A season of high-profile, multi-service profit growth. Under the new market strategy, mobile phone operations are expected to lose this year.
2. Communications in the middle: large-scale equity incentives are in place, and it is clear that in the 4.5-g and 5-g-year-olds companies will be above industry averages.
At a very high rate of growth, the market share will be catching up, and the business model will be transformed into a high-value web-based solution model. Market preferences suggest that companies as industry dragons on April 25, 2017.
In the first place, performance growth is determined and has a scarce white horse attribute. So, we're communicating to Middle 3. We're talking about the industry average of 25 times the company's 2017 industry, which is a reasonable valuation level.
Second phase of testing, looking forward to long-term development and returning to China, formerly the Shenzhen Midheung semiconductor, Inc., was founded in 1985 and first published a share on the Shenzhen Exchange in 1997.
• Operator operations: provision of wireless networks, fixed networks, nuclear, depending on the needs of the operator's customers
Innovative technology and product solutions for heart networks, telecommunications software and services: Government and enterprise: cloud-based computing, communication networks, material networking, big data technology and related nuclear m-ict products, top-level design and advisory services for government and business informatization,
(a) Location construction and operation maintenance services for integrated information-based programmes. Consumer operations: focus on the intellectual experience of consumers, balance industry business needs, develop, produce and sell smartphones, mobile broadband, home terminals, integration innovation terminals, dressable
The company is growing year after year after falling revenues and large losses during the 2012 global communications winter. The net profits of the company were $2.357 billion, excluding settlement with the US government.
The net profit from the loss was calculated at RMB 3.83 billion, an increase of 19.4 per cent over the previous year, with a compound profit growth rate of 41.47 per cent starting from 13 years, sustained growth in corporate profits reflecting improved corporate performance and improved cost control.
Figure 1: Central Xinjiang's total revenue and its growth rate Chart 2: Central Xin Xin's net profit and its growth rate  Total operating income (billion yuan)  Long-rate right axis
In the company ' s revenue structure in 2016, the largest share of the operator ' s business remained 58.16 per cent, while the operator ' s Māori rate was also rising, with Māori business having reached 39.12 per cent in 2016, an increase of 2.06 per cent over the same period.
Percentage points, while consumer operations have decreased their Māori rate as a result of intense competition in the industry, with the outbreak of traffic becoming the central engine for the continued development of the 4.5g network in the 2.pre5g era
According to the Communications Operations Statistics Bulletin 2016 issued by the Ministry of Information and Communications, mobile Internet access traffic has increased explosively in recent years, doubling the number of mobile Internet access traffic in 2016, and data flows can be expected to continue at this rate, which is the end of the spectrum.
Four-g deployment operators pose a big challenge. And to address the problems posed by the growth in traffic explosion, the capacity of broadband wireless access will need to be enhanced, and this is what operators will do over the next few years to move the flow of Internet access (manager) to the left axis - every month households move the flow of Internet access to the right axis (m) to the right.
Faced with the problems posed by growing flows, 5g is not yet fully mature, operators are gradually upgrading existing equipment as the key to solving the problem, and upgrading the existing 4g network becomes the core of the operator's claim. At this point, upgrading the 4g network is not based on ite-a or lte-apro, etc., which is still 4g technology.
Upgraded technologies are network upgrades, using relevant 5g technologies, which have been tested and developed during the current research phase of 5g, to upgrade the existing 4g network to meet growing mobile Internet demand in the so-called 4.5g era between 4g and 5g, ahead of schedule.
The current 4g network has been upgraded to respond to the demand for the network in the coming years, and has gradually evolved to 5g, becoming the mainstream view of the current global 5g development.
2.2. The decline in capital spending in the region at the bottom and the recovery of the industry landscape have resulted from a strong deployment of 4g, and the global market for wireless network equipment is approaching an outbreak period that, with the completion of the 4g construction peak, will face some adjustment over the next two years.
During the construction period of 4g, capital expenditure by the three major operators grew year by year, peaking at $1 billion in 2015, a decline of 18.78 per cent over the same period, while capital expenditure by the three major operators under the 2017 capital expenditure plan, Figure 7: Capital expenditure by the three major operators
However, the explosive flow growth has created an urgent need for operators to upgrade the existing network, while the commingling of connectivity is expected to result in additional incremental funding for the construction of the existing network, which, given the vulnerability of existing networks to mobility, will be more urgently needed to catch up with the existing network
Set-up and upgrading needs will result in an additional increase in capital spending by operators. Moreover, at this year’s ccbn-bdf forum, China’s Radio has indicated that it will use investment to drive connectivity platforms and plan for 100 billion dollars, which will also create new market opportunities for downstream equipment providers.
Considering the investments in the towers and the power grid, and considering the potential for additional investments of a certain size if the connection is mixed, we do not expect a significant decline in capital spending in the telecommunications sector in 2017, and the overall investment in 2.3.sdn and wdm presents structural opportunities for rapid development.
The sdn market is growing at a high rate, with His predicting a recovery of the sdn hardware equipment at a rate of more than 100% in the coming years. Researchchandmarkets predicts that the network of telecommunications operators throughout the sdn market will provide a significant boost and keep it growing at a high rate.
On the other hand, the market for light transmission (otn) is also growing at a high rate, with ihs accounting for 10.7 billion United States dollars in 2016, an increase of 8 per cent over the same period. In a disaggregated area, the global market for dci will also grow rapidly, according to the growth of the centre, from 1.9 billion United States dollars in 2016.
Growth to $4.5 billion in 2020, with an annual compound growth rate of 18%, can be seen in the high rate of growth in the entire market of otn. On the supply side, ihs counted the share of the four major producers in the wdm market by 2016 as 75% and the total value of the global wdm market by 2016-2020.
To $63 billion, an increase of 50 per cent over the same period, while the market share of central communications is rising. 3. Development opportunities in the 5g era of the future 3.1.5g is a need for development.
Mobile communication developments have so far placed higher demands on communication capacity, ranging from high-visibility video to diverse demand for a new generation of networks with elevated numbers, moving data traffic with explosive growth. The Imt-5g push group expects to be full from 2010 to 2020.
China’s mobile data flow is growing faster than the global average, and mobile communications (5g) is expected to become the most urgent need for global operators between 2010 and 2020. With the explosive growth in data flows, connection equipment will also grow significantly, imt-5g.
The push team expects that by 2020 there will be more than 10 billion mobile terminals (free-of-material) globally, of which China will be more than 2 billion. The number of global networked devices will also grow rapidly, reaching nearly 7 billion by 2020, of which China will be close to 1.5 billion.
The 5g mobile network is the next major step in mobile telecommunications standards following the current deployment of 4glte. The current 5g technology road map is expected to be further developed – not only to improve mobile broadband experiences.
The year was completed and is expected to be the first norm for a new 5g wireless vent (5gnr) and a new generation of network architecture (5g nextgen).
But release15 will provide global norms for 5g commercial operations starting in 2019. Meanwhile, work currently under way in 3gpp will be submitted to itu before the formal release of the mt-2020 norms, which will be completed by 2020. It is worth noting that these norms are being phased out.
At the same time, pre-standard 5g commercial deployments will be launched earlier. 5g technological innovations are divided into two areas, wireless and network technology. In the wireless domain, large antenna arrays (massivemimo), ultra-intensity cluster networks, new multiple sites and full frequency.
Technologies such as spectrum access are key innovation points; in terms of network technology, there is also broad consensus on a new network architecture based on software definition networks (sdn) and network virtualization (nfv). The White Paper on 5g Visions and Needs mentions that 5g technologies will be applied on a large scale around three areas, i.e.
Enhanced mobile broadband (embb), big mass networking (miot) and ultra-low time-long and reliable communications (urllc). Enhanced mobile broadband (embb)
Mainly addressing the challenges of current mobile broadband applications in voice experience, mobile data throughput, network efficiency and capacity, meeting people-centred multimedia content, services and data access examples will play an important role in a wide range of mobile broadband terminals.
Miot is another significant application in the future 5g era, and 5g will support a significant increase in economies of scale, drawing on earlier input from machines for the use of machines and traditional objects for networking applications.
5g reduces power demand and achieves improvements in operation and coverage of authorized and non-authorized spectrums, thus significantly reducing the cost of sea mass networking. This will also support the expansion of sea mass networking and will promote increased use of mobile applications for sea mass networking.
Super-low-time delay and reliable communications (urllc) 5g have the potential to support high reliability, ultra-low-time delay applications and the construction of widely available high-security networks, thereby creating considerable growth opportunities. Many of the usages are still in the rise stage (automatic driving).
The growth of motor vehicles, commercial drones, telemedicine will depend on market innovation, proper surveillance and the deployment of 5g networks. Thus, its rapid growth will take longer, but it is expected to have a significant overall impact on society, given the breadth of these usages.
A key advantage of the key markets of the 3.2.5g era 5g will be to support the more efficient operation of mobile networks and reduce data transmission costs and address future user demands for the speed and stability of mobile networks.
The first is to extend cellular coverage to a wider range of buildings, including office buildings, industrial parks, shopping centres and large sites. The second is to upgrade network capacity to deal with more endpoints using large amounts of data, especially in localized areas.
5g uses massivemimo, hyper-intensity networks, and a range of new communications infrastructure and equipment to accomplish these objectives. This means that the 5g-era sites are more dense, the base stations are more numerous, and the base stations are more invested in a larger scale, as forecast by the Chinese Information and Communications Technology Institute's White Paper on the Social Impact of the 5g Economy.
At the beginning of the 5g commercial cycle, the operators undertook a large-scale network build, the combined revenues from the 5g network equipment investment were about $450 billion, the telecommunications operators invested more than $22 billion in the 5g network equipment, and the industries spent over $54 billion on the 5g equipment.
As network deployment continues to improve, the operator’s spending on network equipment is expected to begin to fall from 2024. At the same time, with the penetration of 5g applications to the vertical sector, spending by industries on 5g equipment will increase steadily, making it a major contributor to the growth in the income of related equipment manufacturing enterprises.
In addition to the huge 5g network equipment market, the development of 5g has led to even more material networking.
According to China and China's statistical projections, there were 6.4 billion global access terminals in 2016, an increase of 30 per cent over the same year, and 20.8 billion globally by 2020. Consumer access markets reached $546 billion in 2016.
Networking spending will be $868 billion. We will continue to grow rapidly in the next few years, with an average annual growth rate of around 30%, and the market size of the networked industry will exceed $1.5 trillion by 2018. By 2025, the number of networked devices will be close to $100 billion, and the speed of the newly deployed sensors will be high.
Global spending on physical networking will increase by 16.7 per cent a year, to over $800 billion, and by 2021 global enterprise spending on physical networking value chains will reach $1.4 trillion.
1. In terms of the network equipment market, the 5g network will generate a huge investment. According to the White Paper, the 5g commercial start-up starting in 2020 will generate a huge demand for network infrastructure, with revenues from network equipment and terminal equipment totalling about $450 billion, with telecommunications operators in place.
Investment in 5g network equipment exceeds $22 billion, spending on 5g equipment by industry exceeds $54 billion, and the operator’s network equipment is expected to reach 2.32-286 trillion in the 10 years from 2020. Total expenditure on 5g equipment by industry is expected to reach $5.4 trillion.
2. As far as the physical network market is concerned, it will start to erupt in the near future. China believes that global spending on the network will exceed $800 billion in 2017, and that by 2021 the entire network value chain will exceed $1.4 trillion.
The market for telecommunications equipment has evolved from a dozen giants of the 2-g era to China, China, China, China, China.
Nokia-Alcatalang, Ericsson's oligarchic situation has increased market concentration, but two of the four big players, apart from the Chinese, Chinese and Chinese, continue to grow at a high rate in communications equipment, are already struggling. We're moving through the 2016 reports of the four major communications operators.
The data collection of business income from the business network produced a simple map of the market share of communications infrastructure equipment for 2016, with the fourth largest share of 9.44%. Of the only four major network equipment providers currently in existence, the middle is now in a less advanced position.
This is mainly related to historical reasons and the distribution of international markets. First, in the last 2g/3g/4g era, the technological and product competitiveness of the boom was weaker than that of the other major rivals, making it difficult to obtain high-value orders from clients; and second, the communications industry in our country was in the past.
The role of an international developed country's followers, regardless of the size of the investment and the pace of deployment of the network, has fallen behind in Europe and the United States, and China, as a domestic enterprise, has not fully enjoyed the country's communications industry's 4.5-g technological reserve in the past.
The core claims of the central communications focus mobile operator over the next three to five years were first introduced in June 2014 to use the existing site and spectrum resources of the operator to multiply the access rate of network users and the overall capacity of the network, before standardizing 5g.
To mitigate the challenge of a dramatic increase in data flows, to help operators take advantage of the market, build on existing 5g R & D results, take the lead on the Pre5g solution, and use one of the key 5g technologies, Massivemimo, to solve the traffic problems of operators in the coming years.
The solution was won at the World Mobile Communications Congress (mwc) in 2016 by the Global Best Mobile Technology Breakout Award and the Cto Choice Award, both of which were awarded the Oscar Award for mobile communications.
In more than 10 countries around the world, commercial activity has taken place, and large-scale commercial use has taken place in Japan, in soft and silver, with a rich commercial history. The commercial experience of the rich 5g technology has given China Communications the opportunity to upgrade the network among its operators.
This made communication more competitive and has an opportunity to gain a greater share of the market in the pre-construction pre-construction of 5g, pre-construction pre-estated pre-preg period. 4.3. Medium-emerged 5g, with some areas forming comparative advantages
As a global leader in the 5g field, China has started work in 2009 on 5g critical technology research, standard propulsion, prototype development, etc. So far, China has made breakthroughs in a number of 5g key technological areas, and has even become a leader in the industry. It is based on large-scale antennas.
On July 10th, 2016, Japan’s soft and silver co-development agreement was signed with China and China for the next generation of communications, together with China’s communications on massivemimo, udn (ultra-dense).
At the launch of this year’s 5g project, one of the mossivemimo commercial sites that was displayed by silver and silver was from China. The World Mobile Communications Congress (Mwc) won an Oscar award for mobile communications.
On the year's mwc, a new series of 5g full-time products was launched to reflect its full-scale leadership in the 5g area. The new product was removed from the aforementioned Massivemimo base station product, and the first global one was based on an unlimited access product, itbbu, based on sdn/nfv, and the first one based on an ip+light 5g forward.
Recall the integration solution flexhaul, the first smartphone that supports the downside speed of the premonition, igabit, a 5g-sized commercial deployment in the first quarter, which shows that, because of the relative weakness of the former Chinese and Ericsson, the improvisation of the investment is now emerging.
With accumulation, more focus on new and emerging areas such as 5g, sdn/nfv, the layout is even more advanced. It has been completed from a technology catch-up in the 3g/4g era to a shift to a leader in some, if not some, of the field; this has eliminated the technological disadvantage of emerging in the next 5g era.
At the same time, ihsmarkit projects that, from 2020 to 2035, in the 5g value chain of the seven core countries (the United States, China, Japan, Germany, Korea, the United Kingdom and France), the average annual investment in R & D and capital spending by the firms concerned will exceed the initial $200 billion combined.
In a few years, basic R & D and network infrastructure deployment will dominate the 5g investment. Meanwhile, China’s voice in the field of communications is growing. As the main battleground for the next 5 g, China’s investment on the 5g will lead the world, and ihs predict that in the future China’s R & D and capital spending on the 5g will be on the 5g.
It will reach $1.1 trillion and, as a local Chinese firm, will gain more home-grown advantages, and it is expected that the market share of Ericsson and Nokia Alcalang will be further squeezed, thus increasing R & D investment from 4.4.
In the field of highly competitive material networking, our country has begun to take the lead in the field of material networking. According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, we have completed more than 200 basic items networking, focusing on the application of international standards, led to the completion of many international standards on material networking and significantly enhanced the voice of international standard-setting.
In turn, ChinaCorrespondents are leading the technical standards of the Internet, ite-v, lora, nb-iot, among others, and are the world leaders in the patent placement of the Internet. Companies are actively involved in the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) related to the Internet of onem2m, etsi, oma, etc., and have invested heavily in the field of research on the Internet standards.
Source, many patents, and one of the important contributors to nb-iot technology. China’s communications lead the Confederate of Everything, the Alliance of Gia, which organizes the 2016 Industry Summit to build a sub-circle that includes car networking, intelligence, home life, and China’s lora application union (claa) has become a domestic consortium.
According to the UK Office of Intellectual Property, China Communications has the number of patents on the Internet, which is undoubtedly the number one global technology company. It also has a leading technological reserve in lora technology, with the ability to provide a full set of lora web solutions.
4.5. Full technological and product upgrading, with long-term potential for upgrading, we expect a strong growth momentum in communications performance in the 4.5-g era: after the massive deployment of 1, 4g, capital spending in the communications sector is in a downward phase, but it is large.
Stimulated by sustained high-speed growth in data flows, demand for 4.5g mobile networks, high-speed light networks, sdn, etc. accelerated and demand for investment remained strong, especially in new areas where structural machines2 and large-scale “connectivity” would be generated in the power grids, and commingling was expected to take place in the connectivity belt.
In the past, the gap between technology levels and marketing channels in the last 2g/3g/4g era and the current gap between market share and other competitors will continue to be low.
The 4.5g era has disappeared. Seizing the core demand of existing operators has led to the introduction of pre5g products, with high value for money products and services giving the boom the power to further raise market shares.4 The R & D and early mass production phases of medium- and medium-growth 4.5g products have been completed, and companies have developed product lines.
In addition, we look forward to the development prospects of the 5-G era.1 In addition, the boom in communications has emerged from the disadvantage of technology and marketing networks of the 2g/3g/4g era.
By constantly investing in research and development and marketing channels, closing the gap and even partially disaggregating it, the 5g era gained enough power to squeeze more market shares.2 Our 5g network-building goal is to lead the world, and network-building has been on the scale of recent years.
China will be one of the main players in the 5g network. As an indigenous Chinese enterprise, China's share in the construction of 4g will continue to be based on industrial protection and security considerations.
By the 5g construction period, the middle boom will have the capacity to obtain large orders.3 In the future, in a large networked market for goods, the middle boom is expected to expand its profit growth space by taking a leading industry position at the top of the stock network market.
With the development of mobile communication networks, consumer operations are no longer limited to dry smartphones alone, and faster and more stable networks support more equipment.
Mobile phones and smart home products represented by smart gateway + machine topboxes.gsma predicts that mobile users will grow from 4.8 billion in 2016 to 5.7 billion in 2020, with an annual compound growth rate of 4.2 per cent; smartphones will have 5.5 billion worldwide by 2020.
At the same time, China’s growth in the volume of telecommunications mobile phones has been positive for three consecutive years. There is still room for growth in mobile terminal markets, and, to be sure, communications will continue to grow in the terminal markets.
At the same time, the roof box market has continued to grow, with 515 million top box markets expected to grow in 2017, at a rate of 12.20 per cent, or nearly four percentage points more than in the previous year.
Intelligent development will accelerate further, seize opportunities, launch home smart gateway + topbox, maintain a strong growth momentum in 2016 and contribute to the 16-year growth of consumer business, and the launch of smart homes that combine machine capbox + smart gateway will lead to more consumer business in the future.
In the case of consumer business, we view the future performance of middle-class communications in both smartphones and home-grown smarts as a two-wheel drive that will better boost the growth of profits in consumer business.
1. In the current 4.5-g era, telecommunications operators face a dramatic increase in data flows and a continuing higher demand for network capital spending, and the scale of investment in the industry is almost at the bottom of the construction phase; as broadband China ' s strategy continues, wide power drives the deployment of national connectivity networks, facilitating industry investment
2. Companies have a comparative competitive advantage in 4.5g products and light transmission lines, with operators increasing both of these investments, offering structural opportunities for corporate development. Corporate revenue levels increased in 2017, major telecommunications powers accelerated the 5g commercial drive, and preliminary testing networks are expected to be completed in 2019.
Large-scale commercial networking was launched around 2020, with global capital spending in the communications sector moving fast, and companies relying on technological upgrading and catching up to further increase their market share of communications equipment.5 Corporate governance is entering an accelerated period of development as the demand for information level rises.
Based on assumptions, we project major business developments in companies and estimate future profitability: operators rely on the domestic 4.5g network and overseas market dynamics to keep the product line maturity and output effects of about 4g technologies lower overall costs; consumers depend on the sea for their operations
The growth of the external mobile market and the domestic top-of-the-box market won about 10%, the Māori rate remained stable, while the government and business administrations followed companies like China to keep it moving faster. The shift to a high-value network solution model.
The average industry value of 25 times the industry per annum is a reasonable valuation level, with a “buy-in” rating. 1. Investments in wide-power input network construction have fallen short of expectations, and investment in 4.5g network by the three major operators has fallen short of expectations, resulting in a continuous decline in industry capital expenditure prior to deployment of 5g;
(b) The company is again exposed to the risk of sanctions in other countries abroad;
5. The company ' s mobile phone business faced a fierce competition between Apple+10 and other Andre powerful brands, with a declining level of revenue and profits.