Quality of assets continues in the county, and the semi-annual performance of the company in 2025 is evaluated on August 27th, 2025.
The average net asset return of the company (stock code: 601077) was 11.94%, a decline of 0.24 percentage points from the same period.
The interest-bearing asset rate and interest-paying liability rates are equal to those of the same companies.
Reduction of 35bp, 31bp; of which the rate of interest on deposits fell by 27bp on a year-on-year basis.
By sub-area, the rate of bad corporate lending fell to 0.68%, and the rate of bad retail loans rose to the rate of bad agricultural businesses.
2.04 per cent, mainly affected by the income of some of the individual clients, but the value of the collateral is a multiple of the value of the money invested: the company is based on Chongqing in the mid-western part of the city and is deeply integrated into the construction of a bi-city economy, enjoying the regional economic development dividend.
The market share of the county deposits is the highest in Chongqing City, and regional competitive advantages are prominent. The scale of operations continues to grow.
Figure 3: Net interest earnings and growth rates of the farmers ' comptoirs, Figure 4: Net interest differentials and negative returns/cost rates on the farmers ' comptoirs, Figure 5: Size and rate of increase in the loans of the farmers ' comptoirs
Figure 6: Scale and rate of increase in public and retail loans by farmers ' comptoirs, Figure 13: Poor rate of farmers ' comptoirs, ratio of loans of concern, Figure 15: Adequate capital levels by farmers ' comptoirs
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.