The post-PV cycle is about to grow. Sunshine power source (300274.sz) 21st of March 2020.
• Reverser leads the way to performance, post-cycle operations become active, and for the first time it covers the “buy-in” rating of companies that are clean energy leaders with core technologies, and reverses are their fists, and in recent years have kept global top2, while the company's deep layout power station systems are integrated and stored.
Industry leads. We look forward to the company's future development: one, domestic light-voltage machines are expected to rise in the second quarter with relatively high growth, and companies will be on track; two, storage power and power station carriers will be the focus of the post-PV cycle, and the company's deep layout will lay the foundation for its long-term growth. We expect the company to grow in 2019-2021.
• It is expected that the pace of installation will accelerate in the second quarter of 2020, that companies will be at a turning point, that in 2020 the project will be organized well in advance, and that the epidemic will allow the installation to start in the second quarter. On the basis of the subsidy, we measure the size of the new units in 2020 at 6-7gw, with a new bid.
The industry is expected to pick up the pace of installation from the second quarter. Sun power performance is largely influenced by domestic installed power, and is expected to grow at a high rate in the second quarter, leading to an accelerated growth in performance throughout 2020.
Photovoltage is naturally suitable for distributed applications, and the global photovoltaic household and business markets are still in the blue ocean, and by 2024 it is projected that the distribution photovoltaic will account for nearly half of the total global photovoltaic market. Companies have reverse variants at their core, and the layout of distributed markets at home and overseas will gradually release potential in the short and medium term, and transport it.
The "storage plus" model is a rigid need in the era of clean energy "quiet Internet access" and is expected to work gradually from 2021. The company has been storing energy transformers since 2006 and has now developed into a core technology based on hardware + energy management system software such as lithium battery systems, storage energy transformers, straight-flow switches, etc.
Third-party storage system integrators, short-term benefits of overseas orders for storage energy operations, and long-term significant growth in performance as domestic storage energy markets open.
1.1 Building core competitiveness from a reverse transformer, hard nuclear technology, with a core of a reverse transformer, is gradually moving towards the integrated layout of the wind storage. Sun power was created in 1997 and started with a photovoltaic transformer operation, which, after more than two decades of technological accumulation, has gradually established itself as a leader in the field of a photovoltaic reverse transformer.
In addition, the company will gradually expand its operations to develop a strategic layout for the integration of wind storage, covering light voltage, wind energy, storage power, power station integration, new energy vehicle-driven systems, etc. The company will also move into hydrogen energy operations in the future, building new energy integrity patterns for wind, light, storage, hydrogen, and bringing together traditional and innovative operations.
Figure 1: Corporate operations are centred on inverters, the layout of which is an integrated layout for wind storage. Photovoltaic converters are important components of photovoltaic power systems. Photovoltaic reverse transformers connect to photovoltaic arrays and grids that can transform direct current electricity into fixed-frequency or FMC exchange power, and are measured as one of the main components of photovoltaic systems.
Inverter performance indicators are mainly conversion efficiency and reliability: 1) conversion efficiency refers to output power/input power, which means low wear and tear, and is one of the important breakthroughs in reducing the electrical costs of photovoltaic projects; 2) reliability requires that the inverter adapt to a variety of complex environments with protective functions.
Reverse transformers can be divided according to the application landscape and power. They can be divided into centralized light-voltage inverters, serial optical inverters, mini-reverters, etc. The centralized light-voltage inverters are used mainly in large, medium-sized photovoltaic systems such as deserts, highlands, commercial roofs.
The hard nuclear product builds the global reversor tap. The company has produced more than 99% of the reversors, with a power range of 3kw-6800kw, which fully meets the requirements of various types of photovoltaic components and grid connection, and is operating in a stable and efficient manner.
Temperature, altitude, sand, salt fog, low temperatures, etc. In 2019, the company accumulated more than 100 million kw in reversibles, becoming the world’s first invertor company to break through the “billion” kilowatts.
Pre-eminence and core technology base-reverser operations protect the city's rivers. Sun power is the country's first-ever PV-reverser, starting with the production in 1999 of the country's first-ever orthopaedic-reverse transformer for electricity systems, creating many “firsts” in the country. The company produces the country's first-ever autonomous intellectual property 10kw PV-inverse.
Transformers and power generation in Shanghai: the company ' s first megawatt-grade double wind power transformer developed autonomously in 2006; the country ' s first concession of 10mw light voltage demonstration power station installed on the company ' s inverter in 2009 and grid-connected electricity generation; the three gorges ' new energy/sunshine power source, 500mw Qing Hae-Gharwood, 2018
The project created the lowest electricity price ever recorded in China’s photovoltaic bidding history.
President Cao In-hyun holds 30.94% of the shares directly, and through Xinjiang Sange is 0.54% of the company’s actual controller. Xinjiang is a company with 48 shareholders, and as of 2019 q3 held 5.21% of the company’s shares, all of which were funded by the company’s employees.
The chairman of the company is Mr. Cao In-hyun, Vice-President of the China Association of Photovoltaic Industries, Vice-President of the China Power Association, President of the New Energy Association of Anhui Province, and Bo of the Heung Yu Industrial University.
In China, for more than 20 years, we have been a renowned expert in solar and wind power, and have focused our research on renewable energy generation. After many years of sedimentation and accumulation in the new energy sector, the management layer has a keen insight into technological developments and market changes, and constantly explores and guides companies and even companies.
The direction of the industry as a whole. 1.3. The company's deep layout distribution and storage capacity provide the direction for development. Integrator and photovoltaic reverse transformer operations are the two pillars of the company's performance, while the potential for storage is enormous.
In the first half of the year, the share of corporate power station systems integration and photovoltaic reverse transformer operations was 53.43 per cent and 37.31 per cent, respectively, which is a gradual increase in corporate performance, with a steady improvement in corporate performance as a result of the rapid growth in corporate overseas operations and the gradual advancement of the wind storage hydrogen strategy.
The rebound in the third quarter of 2019, after a year or so of net asset yields and total asset returns, indicates a gradual recovery in the profitability of the company.
The company’s Māori rate and net interest rates have fluctuated in recent years, but have changed little, and its profitability has stabilized. After 2017, there has been a certain decline in the company’s profit level, largely due to higher than expected industrial policy adjustments.
Technology innovation and cost control. Companies are expected to grow in a new round of growth with their leadership advantage and forward-looking layout.
2.1.1 2020 Policy node accelerates growth in the photovoltaic sector. 2020 is expected to be a year of upward luminosity. In 2019, the global installed capacity of photovoltaics was 120 gw: 1) demand erupted in overseas markets, with new installed capacity reaching 90 gw (+53%); 2) the domestic market fell short of expectations, all year round.
Looking to 2020, the economics of photovoltaic power will become more apparent, and industry will continue to improve. In the long run, as the share of global parity projects increases, the stability of the photovoltaic sector will tend to improve.
First of all, the photovoltaic construction programme has landed, protecting the healthy development of the photovoltaic industry. On 10 March 2020, the National Energy Agency officially issued a circular on matters related to the construction of the 2020 wind power, photovoltaic power project, which established a total subsidy of 1.5 billion yuan for new photovoltaic projects in 2020, of which 500 million yuan was spent on photovoltaics in households and 1 billion yuan.
The management of the construction of photovoltaic power projects has continued the policy line of 2019, actively promoting price-free grid projects, fully implementing the conditions for the delivery of electricity, guaranteeing policy continuity, facilitating a smooth transition from photovoltaic power to affordable Internet access, and achieving healthy and sustainable industrial development.
Second, the policy node is sufficiently early to organize the project to facilitate a rational allocation of resources. In 2019, due to a change in political thinking, the subsidy policy did not land until May, and the first competition was announced in July, so that the project won a short time to load, the project as a whole was delayed, and part of the demand was released in the fourth quarter.
At the same time, the Circular took full account of the impact of the epidemic and extended the deadline for the submission of equal and competitive bids in the 2020 request for comments by one and a half months.
The deadline for the declaration of the project ' s due value was extended to the end of April, and the deadline for the submission of the project ' s due value was extended to 15 June.
RMB, of which RMB 1 billion is for competitive bidding projects. According to the State Energy Agency ' s " Overall state subsidy competition for photovoltaic power projects 2019 " , the PHP in the resource area I/ii/resource area iii 2019 is subsidized at a level of 0.066/0.038/0.075/kwh, respectively, for full Internet distribution in the three types of resource areas.
The average subsidy strength is 0.0624/0.05558/0.08446/kwh. yuan/w and $3.66/w. At the same rate of return, we estimate that the average subsidy for the 2020 bid is expected to decrease by 0.015-0.025/kwh.
Consistent with 2019, the size of the additional installed units for the 2020 bid was estimated to be approximately 20.5gw. Taking into account, inter alia, the power consumption conditions, the nature of the land, it is assumed that the 60-85% loading rate, the bid loading regulations, will be achieved by 2020, and we expect the size of the light-voltage aircraft to be 35.8-48.9gw by 2020, in which:
RMB 500 million of RMB 1.5 billion in 2020 was used for household photovoltaics and, according to the latest consultation draft of the National Development and Revision Commission's Prices Division, the price of HPV subsidies for households in 2020 was tentatively set at $M0.08/kwh, taking into account the one-month buffer period, the size of the corresponding additional units was 6-7gw;
In 2019, as a result of the late introduction of the policy, some of the bid projects were not connected to the grid, the competitive stock was about 2.1.2, the economics of photovoltaic power were gradually emerging, and the price of the winning price of the price of electricity was declining globally. In 2019, the world ' s lowest mark of photovoltaic electricity was the grapes.
At 1.644 cents/kwh, as of February 2020, there were nine countries where China had a lowest bid of 3.67 cents/kwh. Australia, Chile, Egypt, France, India, Israel, Italy, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Spain, the United Arab Emirates, etc.
In India, the cost of photovoltaic power is even 14% lower than the cost of thermal electricity, and the economic nature of photovoltaic power is gradually becoming apparent. The country’s photovoltaic flat-price access project has been steadily advancing. In May 2019, the first batch of 2019 was announced by the Development Reform Commission and the Energy Authority.
Some of the country’s leaders’ projects take the lead in accessing the Internet. In the larger context of falling subsidies in the industry, the downside pushes firms’ technological advances and costs, and the photovoltaic sector’s policy against policy.
The rate of return on photovoltaic Internet access projects is expected to increase gradually. The way to sustain the healthy development of the photovoltaic sector is to build on its own technological advances to boost industry growth and achieve internal rates of return in the face of declining electricity consumption costs.
The upswing shows the investment value of photovoltaic power. Under different income and cost assumptions, we have constructed a calculation model based on 200mw-loaded photovoltaic parity Internet access project, irr, and, through sensitivity tests, have shown the internal rate of return on photovoltaic parity access projects in different contexts.
The rate of return is expected to increase gradually. If the unit investment drops to $3.6/w, assuming 1400 hours per year of usage and 0.36/kwh, the rate of penetration of photovoltaic power will continue to rise as the cost of electricity declines globally and the price parity age rises.
In the long term, the market space is vast. As a renewable source of energy, the penetration rate of photovoltaics is increasing. In the current world, the penetration rate of photovoltaic power generation is only 2.2 per cent at the global level. The figure for our country is 2.6 per cent. Italy, as the country with the highest permeability of photovoltaics, is 8 per cent. According to the current world average, the penetration rate of photovoltaic power generation is less than 3 per cent.
In the long run, the increase in total domestic power generation will be matched with the penetration rate of photovoltaic power, with a wide market space. With economic development, the country’s total electricity generation has been growing more steadily in recent years, with growth at the centre of 6%.
At the same time, as national policy support and the per se economics of the photovoltaic industry have emerged, our permeability rate has continued to rise. Assuming a 5% increase in future power generation, the permeability rate of photovoltaic power generation will rise to figure 17 in 2050: a rapid increase in the number of new photovoltaics is expected over the next 30 years.
2.2. Economics highlight the prospect of steady growth in overseas installed aircraft, and photovoltaic economics contribute to continued over-predicted demand. With the introduction of the New Deal 531 in 2018, the price chain of the photovoltaic industry has been rapidly adjusted downwards, and the economy has been highlighted, leading to over-anticipated demand in the second half of 2018.
In 2018, 62gw was installed overseas, an increase of 25.7% over the previous year; in 2019, the offshore market continued to perform brightly, with an increase of 45.5% in the number of new loads of about 90gw over the same period. From the boom in the overseas photovoltaic market, domestic exports of light-voltaic components have increased year by year, and domestic firms have benefited fully from the high volatility of the overseas landscape.
Future global photovoltaic demand is expected to be full-blown, with global photovoltaic capacity expected to reach 135gw in 2020. As the cost of photovoltaic power is reduced, global demand for photovoltaic is increasing. In 2018, more than 16 markets were installed throughout the year, with the exception of China, the United States, India, Japan, Australia.
Asia, Germany, Mexico, the Netherlands, Brazil, South Korea, Pakistan, etc., joined 1gw in 2019 in five markets in Viet Nam, Spain, Ukraine, the United Arab Emirates, and Taiwan, China. Emerging market development has further boosted the growth of global photovoltaics. After 2020, we expect more countries to load more than 1gw.
Bnfe predicts that the global load is expected to rise to 135gw in 2020, and that the short-term disturbance of the epidemic will not change the long-term climate upwards, or demand will shift back. On the domestic side, the short-term disturbance of the epidemic will not change the year-round growth in the number of new engines.
Before and after, the main impact is a quarter. And historical data show that one quarter is the traditional light-voltage season, with an average annual rate of 18.3 per cent of the load for the past four years, except for the impact of the epidemic, which is mainly reflected in the distribution of time, with a quarterly gap expected to be filled in the second and third quarters.
In addition, the total number of machines is less affected. The entire construction cycle of the photovoltaic power plant is short and, after experiencing shocks such as “double inversion”, “New Deal 531” and trade frictions, the photovoltage industry has increased its ability to respond to shocks in a short time, making it more viable and responsive to the enterprises in the photovoltaic industry.
The pace of loading will be delayed in the quarter of 2020, and demand will be released in the second quarter. Given the impact of public health events, the start of work in every sector in the first quarter of the country will be affected to varying degrees, with the exception of the photovoltaic sector.
The amount of light voltage will be significantly affected. According to the National Energy Agency, given the fact that some of the 2019 bid items have not yet been completed, but have not yet been completed, but that, as a result of the epidemic, the resumption of work by the enterprise will be delayed, which will inevitably result in a delay in the construction of the projects, the time node for the fall of the 2019 subsidy will be extended as the case may be.
For each quarter of the period of delay, the price of the subsidised slope has fallen by one point, and if the time node of the retreat is extended by one quarter, the demand for the first quarter will move mostly back to the second quarter. We measure the quarterly loading of the total number of installed machines at 35.8gw and 48.9gw, respectively.
At the lower limit of 35.8gw, the capacity of q1-q4 at the time of the epidemic was 2.7/10.5/10.7/11.9gw, respectively, and there was greater uncertainty about the epidemic overseas, with the second quarter being either loaded or affected, and some of the demand being moved to the second half of the year, or even next year. The spread of the epidemic abroad, which began to accelerate in March, has not yet reached the point of diversion.
In the future, if overseas countries start working in transport and businesses, it appears that the country’s exports of photovoltaic components are evenly distributed over the fourth quarter of the year. If the epidemic continues to spread across countries outside the sea, the demand for the second quarter may be partly delayed to the third and fourth quarters.
In order to estimate the impact of the epidemic on overseas loadings, we use the four-quarter distribution of overseas loadings in 2020 as a percentage of the average of the quarterly distribution of domestic photovoltaic exports for nearly five years. Consider the impact of the epidemic: 20% less than 80% less than one quarter, of which 80%
50% is deferred to four quarters. Assuming that the number of overseas loadings is 95gw in 2020, it is estimated that the offshore loading code 3 in 2020, distributional plus storage can be expected to be a new driving force for the development of the photovoltaic industry 3.1, and that the hottest spot for photovoltaic parity access is in distributional applications.
In January 2017, the National Energy Agency published the “10,335” Plan for Energy Development, which shows that the country's solar power generation is expected to reach more than 110gw by 2020.
The distribution will be the main driving force behind the development of the photovoltaic industry. In January 2020, the latest guidance issued by the three ministries on promoting the healthy development of non-water renewable energy generation was clearly stated in the Opinions on Promoting the Healthy Development of Non-Water Renewable Energy Sources.
We believe that in the post-PV subsidy era, the distribution will continue to evolve at a high rate. 3.1.2, the economics of distributed photovoltaics have become the focus of the market.
A good distribution of economic aids becomes an important support point for the post-PV cycle. Compared to centralized long-range transmission, distributed energy is consumed locally, with a certain cost advantage due to the absence of transmission costs and losses. One of the main applications of the distribution is the user roof.
The distribution has shifted gradually from government subsidies to market. The distributional photovoltaic has moved from government subsidies to market competition is inevitable. For distribution, electricity grid access and roof rental prices have fallen.
Space is limited, but there is still some scope for a decrease in cable prices, associated equipment costs I and II. According to the cpia, the distributional average installation costs are expected to decrease gradually from $3.8/w in 2019 to $3.1/w. Figure 25: distributional photovoltaic average installation costs have been reduced in greater space
3.1.3 The distribution of household and business uses is the two major vehicles for future photovoltaic development. Future global distribution demand is expected to be better. The Renewable Energy Market Report 2019 released by Yia shows that, by 2024, distributed photovoltaics will account for nearly half of the total global photovoltaic market, with businesses using distributed photovoltaics.
For the main market, 75% of the additional loads will be available in the next five years. The number of home-based photovoltaic systems installed in households is expected to double to about 100 million in 2024, and countries such as Australia, Belgium, California, the Netherlands and Austria will then be the fastest growing market for home-based photovoltaics.
There are two main features of the distribution pattern: first, it avoids sudden power outages; second, it reduces the use of electricity in plants that consume electricity at peaks, and protects against fluctuations in the price of electricity. Compared to domestic and photovoltaic power stations, the capacity of the industrial and commercial photovoltaics is in place.
At the same time, business and industry storage projects not only deliver power to the end of the user base, but also, in some cases, help power grids to peak, adapt, and diversify their business models.
This is a more mature distribution. Household use depends on building housing, and its market space is huge. The current trend is mainly to move from a roof-to-photo to a photovoltaic construction integration (bipv). The bipv not only is more beautiful, but also increases the size of the photo-store, until the market becomes more popular.
According to the National Statistical Office, the per capita housing area in our cities and towns in 2016 was about 36 square metres, and a rough estimate of the size of the country ' s housing was about 50 billion square metres, while a 10w solar cell was about 0.08 square metres, with a photovoltage capacity of 625 gw.
At 700 million square metres, the annual increase in the household market is about 88gw. 3.2. The main incremental space in the industry after price-free Internet access is released by the “storage-plus” model after storage energy 3.2.1, when price-free Internet access is available.
Periods, i.e. clear peaks of electricity and grains, are exactly the opposite of the way in which humans use electricity. And storage can allow the transfer of power in time and space. Bringing storage into the photovoltaic industry will be effective in increasing the efficiency of energy use.
The business model of “photovoltaic-storage” allows photovoltaic plants to generate power 24 hours a day, promoting self-consumption and significantly reducing the drop-out rate, while increasing the amount of electricity sold and arbitrating and increasing the profits from the price differentials in peak valleys.
Figure 28: Storage can optimize the photovoltaic output frequency "storage energy plus user side" to reduce the cost of electricity use. For the user end, the cost of self-use electricity can be reduced through "vale peaking" on the one hand, and the price differential arbitrage can be achieved on the other. This model applies to users who use large amounts of electricity during peak times.
“Reserves + grids” improve the ability of grids to absorb new energy sources. After affordable access, affordable access to renewable energy will lead to a significant increase in penetration, and the power grid's peak will be under great pressure.
The upscaling of storage systems can significantly reduce the power distribution capacity and increase the cost of heating. Moreover, the rapid response of storage systems, which are naturally equipped with FM capabilities, can counter the randomity and volatility of renewable energy grids and improve the capacity of the grids to absorb renewable energy.
As the renewable energy "parity net" moves forward, the role of the storage "peak filling" becomes apparent at all stages, and the storage market is expected to open. According to the cnesa data, the cumulative capacity of the submitted energy projects worldwide reached 183.1gw in 2019, an increase of 1.2 per cent over the same period.
In 2019, the cumulative capacity of China's shipped storage energy project was 32.3gw, an increase of 3.2% over the previous year. 3.2.2 The electric chemical storage capacity is the best partner in the distributed light voltage.
Large. With low prices and large capacity, pumping capacity has taken an absolute advantage in the storage energy market. But, in recent years, market occupancy rates have increased, with electric and chemical reservoirs. In 2019, the share of pumping reservoirs in the global market declined by 0.9 pct, a portion of which was replaced by electrical and chemical storage units.
Electrochemical storage capacity, 4.9% compressed air storage energy, 0.1% melt salt heat storage, 1.3%
Electrochemical storage can be the fastest-growing form of storage. Electrical storage has the advantage of responding quickly, installing spirits, living, and having small geographical constraints, while, as the electrochemical storage device evolves in size, the electrochemical storage capacity has dropped to about $1,000/kwh in 2019. Since 2010, the global market for electrochemical storage energy has been reduced to about $1,000/kwh.
Annual compound growth rate is as high as 33%. real) 2025impliedprice
Usd96/kwh 2030impliedprice usd70/kwh
Batty li-ion 18% learningrate
The global market for electrical and chemical storage energy is growing steadily. The domestic loading rate is globally uniform, but relatively low.
At the end of the year, the aggregate size of the global electrochemical storage capacity was 8.2gw, and the aggregate size of the Chinese market ' s electrochemical storage capacity was 1.58gw, or around 20% of the world ' s total. Both global and domestic installed capacity grew at the highest rate in 2018 and decreased in 2019, mainly in connection with the slowdown in the photovoltaic market.
National electrochemical storage penetration is less than 2% and future incremental space is huge. The impact of projects such as temporary removal of wind energy has been low by 2%, but with the introduction of the New Deal 531 in 2018, more and more photovoltaic projects have started to provide energy devices.
The rate of penetration of storage energy has increased in the last two years, while the cost of electrical and chemical storage energy has decreased by about 15% per year over the last two years, accelerating the expansion of the market for electrical and chemical storage energy.
To configure the electrochemical storage, there will be huge potential for energy penetration over the medium to long term. If the storage capacity is 2% per cent per year in 2020 and the capacity of the additional photovoltaic installed capacity is expected to be 40.9gw in 2020, the new load in the electrical chemical storage energy market will be around 818mw in 2020.
The "light storage" model is profitable and "store energy + light voltage" is divided into centralized and distributed light storage, according to the application pattern. The centralized light storage is mainly a combination of energy storage systems with grids and large photovoltaic power stations. The distributed light storage applications are more numerous.
In 2019, according to cnesa, the country’s centralized light storage projects were mainly located in the “Three North” area, with a 56% model ratio and a relatively dispersed distribution of distributed light storage items, with 44% size. “PV+ storage” is the best business model for the future development of large photovoltaic power stations.
The cost of storage cells is 50% of the cost of storage in additional storage units, and the current price of lithium phosphate is around $600/kwh, while the cost of the entire storage unit is about $1,200/kwh to the left.
Right. And now, in terms of the development of the storage industry, the cost of the core will be 15% lower every year. In terms of profitability, if the power is discharged once a day and the storage is 90% efficient, the daily amount of electricity stored is 36mwh, and after the maximum price of the electricity reconnected, the amount of power generated will increase considerably by 0.36 hours per day.
Xinjiang, which has the lowest Internet access cost (0.25 yuan/kwh), estimates the increase in the annual contribution of 131.4 hours at approximately 3.3 million yuan. - Figure 37: Sunshine Power Centralized Storage Application Program
Another model of "PV+S" is to create a system for the integration of light storage depths for new projects. The Power Group Qing Haigarwood Rush Side Photovoltaic Power Plant project is the country's first 1.5mw/3.5mwh RVS demonstration project, which was launched at the end of 2017. The project uses direct-flow side access and does not require direct flow and communication.
The energy storage system uses lead carbon and phosphate lithium batteries, which are charged one time per day, and provides electricity to the grid at an average capacity of 3,500 kwhh per day, generating electricity of almost 1 million kwh per year. The combination of light storage depths reduces the disposal of light, which improves economics. And the system’s grid-connection control is greatly enhanced.
As early as 2011, California, United States of America, incorporated storage capacity into the Self-Generating Incentive Scheme, with a subsidy of US$ 2/w for the storage energy system, and the subsidy policy was changed several times to enable storage to subsidize the budget.
The increase, and the extension of the subsidy deadline, has contributed significantly to the development of distributed light storage in the country. Moreover, the high and generally high cost of electricity, combined with the gradually lower cost of storage, has made the return on investment in light storage projects significant.
The combination of light storage has become a mature model of economy and energy efficiency in the United States. In the course of the year, grid-connected. The storage unit contains 60 battery cells with a total capacity of 75mw, and the project is connected to the grid and plans to charge the storage battery at 22 p.m. to 9 a.m., 12 p.m. to 17 p.m. and the rest of the time.
The catalogue of 35 kv major industrial users (two systems) currently implemented in Anhui Province provides electricity at a price of 0.9215/kwh, and 0.3854/kwh in the valley. Through the " Valley Peaks " , companies can save about 41 million yuan/year in electricity use.
Figure 38: Visible differences in electricity usage in the four sample states of the United States Figure 39: Investment recovery period for light storage projects in the four sample states of the United States is lower than single 3.2.5. The development of short-term light storage projects still requires policy support
Overseas light storage projects have matured. Regionally, distributed storage can be applied more dynamicly in regions like the United States, Europe, Australia, Japan, which, in addition to more energy-friendly power-price systems such as higher end-user prices, reasonable price differentials in peak valleys, have introduced distributed storage subsidies or incentives to support them.
Local governments have been able to keep pace with the growth of the luminous storage project. In September 2018, the compost municipality took the lead.
Publication of Opinions on the Further Promotion of the Sustainable Health Development of the Photovoltaic Industry, which informs enterprises of products or products recommended in the Directory of Recommendations for the Application of Photovoltaic Products of the Fertilizer City, on project components, storage batteries and reverse transformers of PV systems that operate online after the publication of the policy, using the relevant industry specifications of the Ministry of Trade and Communications, for storage since the start of the project.
In June 2019, the Xinjiang Autonomous Development Commission officially issued a circular on the launching of a pilot project for the joint operation of the photovoltaic storage capacity on the side of electricity generation, which requires that the new light storage pilot project be completed by 31 October 2019, with a maximum annual subsidy of $1 million for the same project.
In addition, the Circular provides for an annual increase of 100h in the amount of electricity generated by the station in five years starting in 2020. Subsequently, in December 2019, the region released the “Removement of Photovoltaic Portables for Power Generation”
In the notification of the joint operation pilot project, 31 of the 36 original power side storage projects were discontinued and 5 were retained, with a total size of 77mw/154mwh.4 The company ' s photovoltaic industry is multi-layered and is expected to meet performance peaks in 2020
The company’s performance in the last three years has tended to coincide with the trend toward new domestic loadings. And, with the rapid growth of overseas markets and the gradual rise in the company’s market share in recent years, the company’s performance has grown faster than the domestic build-up of new installed machines, and has been subject to new domestic and international developments.
The combined impact of loading will fully benefit from the increase in the luminous climate. With the gradual release of the need for loading in 2020, the company’s performance is expected to be at a turning point in 2020.
The company started with a reversible, with a clear advantage. In the early days of the company’s establishment in 1997, the main business was a photovoltaic inverter, the country’s first firm to engage in research and development of the revariant product.
Companies with the largest volume of reversible goods, according to the company’s annual reports, account for around 30% of the country’s municipalities. Reverser Maori rates are higher in the industry. Sunshine Power Photovoltaic Reversers have a high profitability in 2016-2018 compared to comparable listed companies in the industry.
In addition, the company’s inverters have continued to develop innovations that have led to significant breakthroughs in inverter efficiency and reliability. The inverters sector has a high concentration of markets, benefiting leading companies.
In 2011-2012, a large number of domestic firms in the area of retro-changers were over-supplyed, and the industry experienced a round of price war-led industry shuffling.
Small businesses are being phased out, and markets are being concentrated. It is during this period that sunlight power is being re-enhanced, moving towards global leader status. At present, China and the Sun are serving as clusters of inverters and centralized inverters, respectively, one or two in the industry, with two in excess of 70% of the domestic inverter market, and they are the chain of light-voltage industries.
The core technology is the corporate inverter killer. Corporate inverter products cover a wide range of 3kw ~6800kw power range, which fully meets the requirements of various types of photovoltaic components and grid access.
In the domestic conglomerate industry, the market is still in the top position. This is due to the firm's rigidity of products, the efficiency of a centralized inverter conversion of up to 99%, and the introduction of the global first-ever ip65-protected outdoors in the last two years, which can work directly and reliably in a variety of harsh conditions, such as heat, humidity, wind sands, etc.
For the distributed photovoltaic market, the company has developed a series of 1500v group inverters with the largest global single-power capacity, sg160hv, used with the power optimization unit, formed a component reverse system to generate electricity.
By 5-10%. In addition, the company ' s multi-prime household has a maximum efficiency of more than 1% above the industry average, and is of high safety, light quality, low radiation, and low fireproof quality. The inverter carries large amounts of data, rejuvenates the new energy. The inverter is assuming itself to convert direct current electricity into exchange power.
At the same time, it is possible to record and upload all kinds of malfunctioning information about the grid and the photovoltaic system. The company has launched a new Sunshine Wies 3- Station Level Hoster, with reverse transformers at its core, based on intelligent energy tubes. The platform has access to various photovoltaic power stations, through modern object networking technology, artificial intelligence, and big data analysis technology.
Now, from a single equipment maintenance to a full life cycle power station-level hosting service, to lower the cost of transport, to upgrade 4.2, the pilot plan company power station operation to take to the new steps, to invest $500 million at the end of the year in a new solar energy technology company, which specializes in photovoltaic power plant development, investment, etc.
Since then, the company has been actively involved in the pilot scheme and the PV programme for poverty alleviation. In September 2017, the company obtained a certificate for the advanced technology product certification of the PV inverter “leader”.
The participation in the pilot scheme allowed the company to develop across the board in terms of technology and collection capacity. The company won the first group of runners' plan for the base of the co-leaders. The base was completed in June 2016, with a total construction of 1 million kw, and 13 projects were introduced.
The December report shows that the Sunshine Power project has been located in the third place in the base for nearly two years at the number of hours per kilowatt-year power generation and full load utilization, indicating that the company's project design, product quality, and capability are at a state-of-the-art level.
It's the largest single-time project in the country. It's the lowest electricity price ever recorded in China's photovoltaic bidding history. Sunshine power sources and the three gorges of new energy sources won the price of 0.31 yuan/kwh below the local price of devulcanized coal.
Advanced programmes such as the Axis Smart Tracking System, Conformity Optimization, have reduced the cost of system integration by more than 5.3%, and the combined effect 4.3. Storage operations will provide a strong support for the growth of corporate revenue over the medium to long term.
The growth of the company’s storage capacity is supported in the short term by overseas orders, and in the long term, as the domestic market opens up its contribution industry, it has long been able to build up its own moat. In 2006, the company’s autonomous energy transformer, sc50, was applied to the industrial storage system for the first time, thus starting to move into the storage capacity business. In 2015, the company and the Samsungsdi were jointly set up.
In order to address the custom-based system integration programme, the company has set up three product lines in the energy panel: the storage battery pack product line, the storage energy transformer product line, and the storage energy system integrated product lines, which coordinate and connect with the battery system, pcs, and system integration, respectively.
The whole-chain model that evolves into "System Services+System Hardware" involves a wide range of industries, including electrochemistry, electroelectricity, it, grid dispatch, etc. The entry threshold is so high that it discourages later on.
The hardware + energy management system software, such as systems, storage energy transformers, and direct-flow switches, is a third-party energy storage system integrator for core technology. In the light storage industry chain, systems integrators connect upwards to power side-fired photovoltaic power stations, which provide a power grid service, thus achieving efficient, low-cost, high-prescription storage power plants.
The full-scale layout storage operations have a significant cost advantage. The whole-chain model not only boosts the competitiveness of companies, but also reduces the cost of system integration. The general system integrator simply provides custom programs and transportation services, using hardware that needs to be taken out, and costs and quality controls are weak.
Battery systems are self-generated, quality assurance and relatively low cost. And companies can adapt hardware products to their clients’ needs, gradually achieving customized services.
Similarly, the company’s response programmes are rich and offer customized solutions for different application scenarios, with key players supporting new energy grid-connection solutions, microgrid application solutions, power-aided service solutions, and gradually moving towards customization and differentiation to increase product value added.
There are a lot of hardware in the company, and the quality of the product is off. Research and development of the energy transformer has broken out, and it can now provide a single power of 5kw-2500kw.
Life cycle, 6000 cycles still have 80 per cent capacity for discharge. Figure 47: Companies have well-developed solutions for large microgrid systems. Figure 48: Technological maturity of company solutions for small microgrid systems
The company's layout is comprehensive in light storage and wind storage. It has key hardware, such as inverters, storage transformers, power generators, wind transformers, smart energy management platforms, energy management systems, and so on.
A one-stop service for station solutions, storage systems integration, and full coverage of low-end assets in the industrial chain. Companies can grow in the long run in 2020, or at a peak in performance.
Started at the end of 2018, but due to the late issuance of the 2019 subsidy policy, the additional installed capacity was not as high as expected, while the government introduced a subsidy policy in January 2020, giving the industry sufficient time to prepare for it. Under the current epidemic, the installation of the engine has been influenced in the short term, but has not changed to better expectations throughout the year.
The market will be opened further in 2021 and beyond with the advent of the era of affordable Internet access, and as industry leads and corporate performances will rise to new levels. Figure 49: Rapid growth in firms benefiting fully from the industry stock prices as industry leaders
We split and forecast our income for 2019-2021, with the core assumption that the annual and quarterly loading of the solar power source, both domestically and globally, is as described above, while the power station system is integrated within the country \triangleright
(a) The share and the share of the PV-reverse transformers in domestic and foreign markets has steadily increased;
(b) \triangleright’s storage reversors have steadily increased in global markets, while the global storage energy industry has grown rapidly;
Based on the domestic and global quarterly loads above, we estimate the company’s revenue for the year 2020 in q1-q4 single-quarters, assuming the company’s market share and unit prices.
q1 in 2020, as a result of the epidemic, the company’s revenues were under pressure, while the competitive stock items in 2019 were either reloaded in the second quarter, while the base figure affected the company’s revenues rising at the same rate in the q3 quarter. We expect the company’s profits to grow rapidly in 2020.
Comparable firms in the industry compare their rates of market gain/market sales, with five comparable companies selected corresponding to the current market rate of surplus calculated in 2020 at an average value of 15.7 times and the market rate calculated at an average value of 1.8 times. 1) increased competition or led to a decline in profitability; 2) installed, stored capacity demand or not expected.