Sofc benefits from overseas-ai data centre needs and maintains a “buy-in” rating by building a new growth curve in the Sofc operations during the first three quarters, and three ring groups (300408.sz) during the first three quarters.
The company issued its three-quarter report for 2025. (1) In the first three quarters, the company achieved a revenue of $6,508 million, which was fully covered by the same year .mlcc product model, i server and data centre construction, which contributed to the growth in demand for the company ' s products.
In the area of i servers, companies can supply small sizes such as 0603-226, 0805-476, large sizes such as 1206-107, 1210-107, 48v power system applications Light communication/lightware applications.
Products such as speed connectors benefit from the accelerated construction of the global i data centre, increased demand for lightware markets, and increased sales of company cores and related products during the first half of the year. The i data centre boosts the growth of fuel cell demand, and the company ' s long-term sofc cooperation be benefited from depths
Solid oxide fuel cell (sofc) technologies that convert the chemical energy of fuels directly into electric power generation through high-temperature electrochemical reactions have the advantage of efficient, low-carbon, non-polluted and high-reliability power generation.
The year-round performance of the mlcc product line has continued to improve, and scenarios such as gas-based power generation have shown great potential for applications. The offshore one data centre is driving distributed electricity demand surges, and companies have established long-standing partnerships with the US sofc manufacturer Bloomergy (be).
Robust Growth - Corporate Information Updates supply them with products such as fuel cell diaphragms. At the Sofc power station, the 300 kilowatts of Sofc demonstration project of the People’s Hospital East of the Light Zone, built by the company together with the Shenzhen City Gas Group, was officially launched and is the first in the country.
The 2024q3 high-performance, mlcc high-power-level commercialization demonstration project, which will continue to promote the industrialization of fuel cell applications, is expected to open up the growth space in the one data centre area with the multi-year layout of Sofc operations.
Visible trend - company update report