3CG: strong growth in performance of q3 and good progress in mlcc/sofc operations Investment rating: buy-in (maintain) • 3CG issued third quarter report 2025
The net profit was about $1.706 billion, an increase of 18.74 per cent over the same period. For the q3 quarter, the company actually earned 2.36 billion yuan, an increase of 20.79 per cent over the same period and an increase of 1.90 per cent over the ring; and the firm ' s Māori rate remained stable at a stable level and the cost rate continued to optimize.
Mlcc/sofc operations are progressing well compared to the 300-percent trend in corporate prices 1) mlcc: 3Cs mlcc products now cover small, high-looking, high-reliability and high-quality products
The pressurized, high-frequency series and the development of distinctive m3l series (patents), “s” series (patents), flexible electrode products, high-frequency cubular products, etc., form a comprehensive product matrix that is widely applied in the areas of automobiles, industrial controls, communications, medical care, consumer electronics, etc.) and (2) sofc: companies sofc
A key breakthrough was achieved with the launch of the 300 kilowatts commercialization demonstration project of the Shenzhen City Gas Group, a subsidiary, Shenzhen San Ring, officially launched as the first 300 kilos commercialization demonstration project in the country.
Industry competition increases risks, the supply of raw materials and the risk of price fluctuations, downstream demand is less than expected, business expansion is less than expected.
Three rings: one drives strong growth, research and development continues to invest in a wider application of products, management, the Botting Fund Investment Department, etc., with eight years of buyer investment experience.
The data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively. I do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the information or the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.