New material in North (000786), half-yearly review in 2017 □ high rate of growth and a significant reduction in minority shareholder rights
During the period, the company ' s Māori rate fell by 3.42 percentage points, or 31.01 per cent, in relation to the same year, owing to the increase in the price of plaster sheet raw materials. The company ' s expenditure on three fees fell by 2.25 percentage points in relation to the same year, mainly due to the increase in the size of the collection during the reporting period, and management costs were affected by the adjustment of accounting standards.
Embezzlement and financial costs are affected by such factors as reduced expense on fee-based interest payments. 217h1, net profit on the company belonging to minority shareholders decreased by 146 million, net profit on the parent increased by 48.51 per cent over the same period. Major, if the company had completed the acquisition of 35 per cent of the minority shareholder interest on Tarzan cast in October 16, less during the reporting period.
In the second half of 16 years, the company achieved full ownership of Tarzan, increased synergy between the two major gypsums, enhanced company capacity in the castboard industry, and planned expansion of the new production capacity.
Launched. The completion of this small equity acquisition will significantly increase the net return of the company to its mother; in addition, after the acquisition programme, the former Tarzan scavengers now hold 20.94% of the company ' s shareholdings, helping to strengthen the synergy between North Shining and Tarzan ' s two major cast boards.
Billions of square metres, and around the "swipes" to advance the internationalization process. We believe that the company is expected to be strong and strong in the industry. □ The need for the gypsum is supported, and the application landscape is expected to break through.
Three or four cities are now in good stock, and the short-term demand for the gypsum market is still strong, taking into account environmental improvements and the breakthroughs in applications. In the short term, the gypsum demand side sells 8,631.1 million square metres of the country's goods, an increase of 14.0 per cent over the same period, and the demand for the market is still high.
In the long term, demand-side support comes mainly from the continuous build-up of assembly policies, new forms of urbanization and new rural construction, and the need for secondary renovations. Moreover, compared to the countries of Europe and the United States, the market penetration rate of the country ' s castboards is low, and the applications are distributed mainly in public and commercial renovations.
In June, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the contemporary plant, in accordance with the agreement,
The contemporary construction industry will use 100% of the wall ceiling system with dragon gypsums/light steel bones. In our view, the signing of the agreement has set a precedent for the building company to use 100% of the wall decorative system on a large scale with gypsum slabs and bone bones, which will help to push for a breakthrough in the market for the wall; the company is a gypsum dragon.
During the reporting period, the company’s growth rate was high, the three fees were well regulated, and the net profit from the acquisition of a few shares was significantly increased; and the synergies with Tarzan cast were further deepened, and the next round of production is now complete.
In the short term, the need for gypsums is supported by a long life cycle and stocking in three or four line cities. In the long run, the company, as the leader of the gypsum industry, is expected to take advantage of environmentally sound energy-saving policies, the upgrading of domestic construction materials, the expansion of assembly buildings and the breakthrough in the application of the gypsum.
We predict that companies will not be rated for 2017-2019 – because they are unable to obtain the necessary information, or because they face significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons, they will not be able to give a clear investment rating. The market benchmark index is 300 indexes.
The information and comments in this report are provided for information purposes only. The information and comments in the report are provided for information purposes.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.