There's been a steady increase in the performance of the gypsum taps, the semi-annual review in 2017 of the new materials in the north (000786).
In the first half of 2017, the company increased its operating income from cardboard sales by $4,013 million, an increase of 25.06 per cent, or 88.39 per cent, of total operating income. The company’s main operating subregion saw a 16.1 per cent increase in rice from the northern region, and a decline in real estate sales from the previous year, as a result of property regulation policies.
The increase in raw materials prices has reduced the Māori rate and the three rates have fallen. The combined Māori rate for companies in the first half of 2017 was 31.01 per cent.
The growth of Eastern finances is due to the rise in raw materials prices in the current period. Cost rates have declined for all three periods, totalling 11.54 per cent of the three rates, and the production line has continued to be laid and the company has been able to move forward all the way. In the first half of 2017, the company was able to produce 2,162 million square metres, steady.
At the same time, the company has continued to build layout production lines in suitable regions throughout the country. Since the beginning of the year, the company has been using Tarzan cast for investment in Chongqing River to produce 35 million square metres per year from industrial by-products, the production line project and the Tarzan cast for construction in Jiangxiyang to produce 35 million square metres per year from industrial by-products.
The company still has eight production lines under construction, with a total capacity of 250 million square metres, and plans to expand to 3 billion square metres in the future. At the same time, the company responded positively to the policy of the region and planned to expand the international market.
In addition to the continued distribution of production capacity throughout the country, the gypsum taps have been expanded to provide a range of strategies to maintain a firm's “very recommended” investment rating, taking into account the company's combined competitiveness. \triangleright
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity. Master of Economics, Central University of Finance and Economics. Entered the securities industry in 2008. Years of industrial research experience.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.