Performance meets expectations and profitability is steadily improving - 2024 Report performance rating Time Electric (stock code: 688187.sh)
Events: Companies published their performance in 2024. Companies achieved 24,909 million yuan in operating income in 24 years, an increase of 13.42 per cent in comparison with the previous year; net return to mothers of 3,703 million yuan, an increase of 21.77 per cent in relation to the previous year; rapid growth in de-orbiting equipment, with revenue from new equipment falling by 10 billion.
This growth is faster. In 24 years, track equipment operations earned 146.36 billion yuan, compared to 13.37 per cent. Of this amount, communications signal operations recorded an increase of $1,105 million, a record high of +67.50 per cent; electrical equipment earned 10.990 billion, compared to +7.41 per cent; orbital engineering machinery earned 1,891 million, the same amount.
□: Lupei_yj@chinastock.com.cn Māori rates have increased significantly, and R&D inputs have remained high. 24 years of company combined Māori rates 32.48%, compared to Prince Road
+3.87pc, mainly a 6.17pc increase in the Māori ratio of the higher transhipment equipment operations; net interest rate of 15.85%, corresponding to +1.40pt.
The railways are well-established, and the railways continue to open up new products, new markets, get orders from the new energy engine tow system, and achieve a full complement of the Cr450 model vehicles and 20,000 tons of autopilot batch applications, which are expected to continue to benefit from iron.
With regard to the urban track market, the share of the domestic city of the company's urban track-trailing system has remained at over 50%, leading the industry for 13 years, while breaking through the communications signal operation, power system operations, door operations, and successfully opening new projects and markets.
A new phase in the gradual release of the need for security, where companies, by virtue of their leading market position, are expected to generate revenue, and new opportunities are expected to develop deep-sea equipment. The company’s power semiconductors, new energy sources, motor power drives, sensors, etc., are ahead of the market, wind storage hydrogen continues to function, and the plates are broken down.
This year’s government’s report proposes to promote the safe and healthy development of new industries such as deep-sea technology.
Mariners, who cover products such as underwater robotics, underwater digging of trenches and cable mining equipment, are expected to benefit from deep-sea technology, the China Galaxy Securities Institute double, 12 times and maintain recommended ratings.
1. [Galaxy] Company Review _ Time Electric (688187.sh): The rolling equipment is growing robustly, and the igbt is showing a bright eye, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
Two years of work in electronics, six years of work in securities, and a previous job in the Ministry of Trade and Finance, and Beijing Trust Securities. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
Prince Road, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom; Bachelor of Science and Technology, University of Shandong; three years of experience in science and technology industry studies; joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2020 for research in the electronics sector. This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.