Quarterly performance exceeded expectations, and the non-public distribution contributed to the long-term development of the company — the Quarterly of the Peripheri and the Non-public Quarterly Review of the company's announcement that the company would earn $3.69 billion in operating income in the first quarter of 2020.
The same-year increase of 32.84 per cent and the net return to the mother was $901 million, or 44.68 per cent. At the same time, the company's company's share of $4.386 billion was raised for the 200,000 tons of titanium chloride powder project, the 500,000 tons of titanium climbing and the conversion to the chlorinated titanium slag project and the replenishment of liquidity.
. ..corrochlorination titanium production, over-expected performance in the first quarter of the year. 2 production lines of 200,000 tons of titanium powder were commissioned in May 2019 and at the end of 2019. The sales of titanium powder sales increased significantly in the first quarter of 2020, and market prices in the first quarter of 2020.
The average price of titanium powder was $14,864 per ton, a slight decrease of 4.75 per cent, while Yunnan Xinjiang successfully resumed production, chlorination, titanium slag and sponge titanium products were marketed, and a large proportion of management was involved in the non-public distribution of the company ' s performance over the quarter, and the fund-raising project contributed to the long-term development of the company.
President Xu Gang is waiting for 11 executives to buy 280 million shares for 3,337.66 million, or 76.09 per cent of this closed release, to show confidence in the company's future development and, when it succeeds, to make Mr. Xu Gang directly aware of the company's plans to build a new 200,000-ton chlorinated titanium white project in the new titanium industry, based on Toggio's current chlorination.
Tens of thousands of tons of titanium powder, capable of producing 112 million tons of titanium powder, will become one of the largest titanium powders in the world. Half a million tons of titanium titanium can be upgraded to a chlorinated titanium slag project, which will save the transport costs of titanium mines and make full use of other elements such as iron and titanium in titanium mines, while the other will be able to achieve a chlorinated titanium raw material country.
Production, reducing the cost of titanium production for chlorinated methods, raising funds to assist companies in the long-term development and rise of global titanium giants, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating, leading the country in achieving large-scale production of titanium chloride, global demand for titanium chloride.
About 3 million tonnes/year, the company has developed tremendously in terms of the volume, price and cost of titanium chloride products, and will build the entire titanium chain of titanium mine- titanium slag- titanium powder- titanium- titanium.
The Rise of the World Titans 2020-03-03 The third quarter performance forecast is over-expected, looking good at titanium powder.