Intra-born growth is a combination of a titanium whole-of-industry platform, a flood of flood, a dragon pelican annual report in 2019, and a total of 11,420 million yuan worth of operating revenue in 2019.
The same-year increase of 8.20 per cent, the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company of $2,594 million, the same-year increase.
Major shareholders (2019a) Two prominent brands have built the entire industrial chain of titanium concentrate-chlorinated titanium slag-chloride- titanium- titanium alloys and have mastered the core technology for the production of products to stabilize raw materials and intermediate products
In 2019, the company produced and sold 555.2 million tons and 55.7 million tons of titanium sulphate, an increase of 1.65 per cent and 6.06 per cent in the same year, 74.7 million tons of titanium chloride and income structure (2019a)
Thanks to the increase in the price of iron ore, the company's mineral business collected $1,391 million in 19 years, representing an increase of 92.62 per cent in the same year, and the Maori rate of 49.73 per cent, an increase of 11.38 percentage points in the same year.
On the inside, the company has completed the production of 200,000 tonnes of chlorinated energy per year and will invest 500,000 tonnes of titanium climbing in the transformation of chlorinated titanium slag innovation project and 30,000 tonnes of new titanium alloys per year to further enhance the value of integrated use of mineral resources and promote industrial chain excellence.
At the same time, the company continues to strengthen its research and development efforts, focusing on titanium feedstock upgrading chlorine slag technology, new products development for chlorination, and integrated use of environmental resources. On the outreach side, the company acquired a new titanium equity, with the new titanium industry owning 60,000 tons of annual chlorinated titanium powder line and 1 per year.
Tens of tons of sponge titanium line, with an annual production of 80,000 tons of high titanium slag line.
The company also acquired 15.66 per cent of the Eastern thorium industry, perfected the chain layout of the thorium industry, and will take advantage of the two industrial chains of the company to expand co-mingled mining development in Australia and expand the area of new and emerging thorium products downstream, doing heavy thorium metal business and integrating domestic thorium industry.
The new production capacity is not delivered as expected; the global epidemic is spreading more than expected; there are safety and environmental accidents; affiliates are not integrated as expected; and systemic risks.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.