(c) Events: (1) The company issued a public announcement about the shares of titanium metal in Yunnan, a controlled subsidiary
The company (hereinafter “Yunnan titanium”) has increased its contribution by $700 million, while Yunnan titanium has set up Gansu titanium metal company Ltd. (hereinafter “Gtansu titanium”) at $700 million.
Together with the controlling subsidiary, Luo Fuen Yuenjiang, the company co-financed $300 million to create Yunnan titanium, of which the public administration contributed $297 million, or 99%, and Lok Fong, 3 million, or 1%. This time, the company plans to use its own funds to finance the Yunnan titanium increase by $700 million.
At the same time, Yunnan's titanium is going to spend $700 million to establish the titanium. Following the signing of the Framework Agreement on Cooperation in the titanium industry between the company and the Kanakawa Group in December 2019, it will enter into the implementation phase of the joint venture, which will produce titanium from the titanium plant, which is now being produced with sponges.
All assets (including land) that are closely related are assessed to be funded in the form of a fee.
With a titanium capacity of 0.5 million tonnes/year, recovery techniques are expected to reach 15,000 tonnes/year. After the company acquired Yunnan Shinjio, 10,000 tonnes/year of titanium production has been successfully resumed, followed by technical changes and expansions to extend the new titanium capacity to 450,000 tonnes/year, and the new titanium capacity has been expanded to 450,000 tonnes/year.
Python Python (002601) Dragon Python (Pan Pacific Chemical) two sea sponge titanium productions will reach 60,000 tonnes/year in size, allowing the company to further improve titanium.
The company's acquisition in November 2019.
The nuclear group holds the Guangdong Oriental Technology Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the Orient Industry) with steady growth in performance - 2020/03/25.
The company is mainly involved in the production and sale of products such as titanium powder, thorium products and sulfuric acid.
The product business constitutes a degree of competition with the Orientian industry. The company intends to lease its assets for an annual rent of $5 million (free of taxes). The company currently has tons of chlorooxide and hydroxide.
Technology advantages and material advantages contribute to titanium powder taps becoming stronger. The company currently has 320,000 tonnes/year of pre-chlorination capacity, with the largest domestic capacity and the largest single-line capacity.
And it continues to expand, with a total chlorination capacity expected to reach 600,000 tonnes/year in 2022, with the product structure being optimized and the market becoming more competitive under the country's industrial policy of encouraging chlorination and limiting sulphuric acid. The development of chlorination feedstock security is essential, and companies have focales and climbs.
Two material guarantee projects. (1) Focal bases are co-located with sulphuric acid and chlorination devices.
Stone, the project with a capacity of 300,000 tonnes/year, has now been tested and is gradually providing raw materials for the coke base chlorination. (2) The company's 500,000 tonnes/year titanium mineral upgrade conversion project, which is one of the projects that has been launched in the open, is now well under way.
The two projects will further improve the company’s industrial chain, expand its productive advantage, increase profitability and improve overall competitiveness.
Considering that companies are growing into global giants in the titanium industry, industrial chain integration is evident, and the addition of new productive projects will contribute to increasing performance and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report