Quarterly reports have grown beyond expectations, with a total of $4,386.6 million in non-public release of solid flagship status for specific project construction and replenishment of liquidity.
The company acquired the new titanium industry in May 2019, and the technology was changed to complete full recovery, of which the 80,000/year high titanium slag production line was successfully restored on 15 September 2019, and the 10,000/year titanium production line on 5 October 2019.
In addition, the Focal Base ' s first 100,000 tons/year production line was tested in May 2019, and the second 100,000 tons/year production line was tested in November 2019, with capacity loads.
We expect a new total market value/flow (millions) to increase production and sales of titanium dioxide and titanium tetrachloride.
The resumption of titanium production and the second phase of the chlorination process have led to an increase in sales of titanium powder, the highest/minimum slag product for 12 months in the company’s reporting period. This is largely in line with the increase in the country’s titanium exports in January-February.
As a result, the company ' s revenue (32.84 per cent, 18.96 per cent) and the net profit from maternity (44.68 per cent, 002.001, 70.64 per cent) have increased significantly over and above market expectations. At the same time, the Māori rate is higher than expected.
Barri: Symbiosis, two-wing development, titanium powder giants, dragon python python (002601), chlorination will continue to expand and consolidate titanium powder taps.
Singley Tracking Point: The titanium powder price rises, the company's low valuations, a stock stock plan, which is intended to release up to 368 million shares to Xu Kong's 14-selected clients,
The net amount of funds, after deducting the cost of distribution, will be used to: (1) Accomplishment: Yunnan's full rebirth, expansion of production 200,000 tonnes of titanium chloride production line construction (2) and half a million tonnes of titanium uplifting of titanium concentrate.
The project to produce 200,000 tonnes of chlorine per year is to be implemented by the Control Sun Company Loi Fuming titanium industry, with a projected construction cycle of two years.
Year. By that time, the southwest base will be able to produce 300,000 tons of titanium chloride, the company will be able to produce 600,000 tons of titanium chloride, the total product will be able to produce 600,000 tons per year, the product structure will be optimized, the market will be more competitive, the supply of titanium mines will remain tight, and the industrial chain will have a significant advantage.
In the context of insufficient production of mines, the supply of titanium remains tight and high prices operate, it is important to have two raw material guarantee projects: (i) the focal base has the unique advantage of co-location of sulphuric acid and chlorination devices, using the waste acid and the reduction of sulfuric acid.
The titanium response generates artificial gold and red stones, with a capacity of 300,000 tonnes/year, has now been completed, gradually providing raw materials for the coker base chlorination. (2) The company's branch climbing base of 500,000 tonnes/year titanium is growing by an over-intensity of the quarterly report, with the undisclosed release of a solid leader status
As one of the projects to be launched in the open, the concentrate upgrade conversion project of 300,000 tonnes/year chlorinated titanium slag is well under way and is in the process of full-scale construction, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2020, which will provide raw material for the southwest base chlorinated titanium powder.
Improving the company’s industrial chain, increasing cost advantages, increasing profitability, and increasing overall competitiveness. Growing into a global giant in the titanium industry, the advantages of industrial chain integration are evident, with new product and capacity projects contributing to increasing performance and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The quarterly report is over-expanding, with a non-public release of the firm leader, the Academy, the north wing of Beijing City, the 9th North Street.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.