New configuration of satellite technology, upgrade of science and innovation - China Connect performance rating for the three-quarters of 2025, China Connect (stock code: 600050)
Incidents: In recent days, China Connect issued performance reports for the first three quarters of 2025, resulting in a total revenue of $29,298.5 million/+1.0 per cent; net profit for mothers was $8,772 million/+5.2 per cent; net profit for non-repatriated mothers reached $7,623 million, while the profitability of major industries continued to grow, focusing on the cutting edge of new and emerging technologies, and creative power was further enhanced.
With regard to online communications, as of the first three quarters of 2025, the number of company users had continued to expand, reaching 356 million mobile users, a net increase of 12,48 million households and a net increase of 6.79 million broadband subscribers.
In the first three quarters of 2025, companies achieved a breakthrough in the size of their computing operations, and connected 52.9 billion yuan.
The Division's intellectual transformation of the data centre has been very effective, with the data centre generating $21.4 billion, up from 8.9 per cent.
In terms of network investment, companies push to move the network from 5g to 5g-a, the broadband network upgrades from gigabytes to megabytes, and the user experience increases significantly. Companies increase the supply of arithmetic network innovation, with a total wisdom of more than 35 eflops.
High-level leadership, focusing on the next generation of key technologies such as the Internet, big data, artificial intelligence, network security, strengthening forward layouts such as 6g, low-altitude networking, satellite Internet, intelligent, quantum technology, etc., and obtaining licences from the Ministry of Industry and Informationization to operate mobile satellite communications.
In general, companies have further enhanced the proactive R & D layout in emerging science and technology, increasing the profitability of their major industries, and are expected to improve their future performance on a marginal basis. In-depth integration of innovation strategies, value creation drives long-term high-quality development, and shareholders’ ability to pay back has increased.
The company focuses on cutting-edge layouts such as 6g, ai, quantum technology, etc., and has been licensed by the Ministry of Technology and Communications for mobile communications operations.
The company has always attached great importance to shareholder returns and has continued to increase its share of the dividends, with a rate of 60% no more than the year 2024.
While achieving robust growth in business performance, efforts are being made to share good quality development with a wide range of investors, and computing intelligence has made a breakthrough in building a second growth curve. Add to that the new business is expected to generate new business income and continue to be effective in the future.
To upgrade the country’s new-quality productivity transition. Combined with the company’s latest performance in the first half of 2025, the company’s depth [Galactic Communications] company’s communications industry – China’s communications industry – a big wave cycle with several smart cloud applications.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.