Deep Series IV: Feeding with energy, high-growth green hydrogen dragons (600989.sh)
The use of raw materials is not included in total energy consumption controls, the provinces are gradually implementing their policies, and the policies are expected to be refined at the provincial level. International coal prices have risen significantly, domestic coal prices are limited by policy, and domestic coal prices have remained significantly different from international coal prices.
Efficiency gains are evident, with the company’s green hydrogen project becoming more and more effective as carbon trading mechanisms mature. As a green hydrogen tap, the public sector is in a period of energy release, and the coal industry and the two-axis of green hydrogen are active, with a steady increase in performance. Based on the evolution of new production, product and coal prices, we maintain a profit forecast, with a net return profit projected for 2022-2024.
Future productivity increases are significant, growth is high, and the “buy-in” rating is maintained. The energy input saves 60-70% of the carbon emission target, and the approval of the internal polyolefin project is expected to accelerate.
After the two meetings, it is expected that the energy-consuming provinces, such as Inner Mongolia, will be fine-tuned and that the coal-chemical project will be approved and expanded.
China’s near 700 million tons/year of primary coal production in Ordos is one of China’s greatest potential for coal-chemical growth. In Bo Fung energy, 4 million tons/year of coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons are located in the Ordos demonstration area, and the project is most beneficial.
The price of coal is limited and the price of oil is expected to remain high, with cost comparative advantages highlighted The cost side, domestic spot coal prices are limited by policy, corporate coal suppliers are mainly large national companies, coal purchases are more vulnerable to policy guidance, and domestic and international prices will be significantly different in the future.
It is expected to remain high, with the oil-head route pricing of the HCs and probably high rates. Companies are significantly more profitable than major refining companies, which have significantly increased the cost of crude oil as a result of market-based pricing, thus making corporate coal-based HCs significantly more expensive than they are.
● Coal industry coupling with green hydrogen, low-carbon emission reduction with middle carbon, corporate annual report assessment - robust profitability, cocooning with green hydrogen, replacing water gas change response, reducing the size of the air-discrete device, and the coupling process will be significantly reduced
Carbon Empirical Spaces for Carbon Medium and Longline Growth: 2022.3.10 Carbon emissions, while increasing the output of chemical products from equivalent chemical coals, have a significant effect in reducing emission efficiency.
Green hydrogen production is expected to reach 48,000 tonnes/year in 2022 and 263,000 tonnes/year in 2030. With carbon transfer mechanisms in place, carbon trading markets will quantify the benefits of carbon emission reductions, and the price of carbon emission quotas is expected to rise.
In 2030, the company ' s green hydrogen cost centre is expected to be 0.8 yuan/scale, coal hydrogen cost is estimated at 0.9 yuan/scale conservatively.
Coal is divided into “material” and “fuel” uses. Coal is used as feedstock in chemical reactions, parts of carbon enter products into other energy sources or chemicals, and part of carbon is produced as a by-product during the reaction process.
Co, in the form of emissions, a small amount of carbon is lost from the ashes. When coal is used as fuel, coal is used to produce energy or power for the chemical industry, and theoretically, carbon is converted into co2. Raw material is used as energy consumption for raw materials, i.e., energy products such as oil, coal, gas, etc. are not used as fuel, power, but as production.
Materials, materials use, e.g. coal-based hydrocarbons, fertilizers, oil-based rubbers, fibres, etc.. A significant proportion of feedstock energy is converted to downstream raw materials, such as urea, methanol, ethylene diol, ethanol, diesel, etc., containing carbon, and carbon in raw materials is not all generated into the air.
Without distinction, it would be unfair to use raw materials to calculate carbon emissions on the basis of direct “burning.” Taking into account the country’s basic circumstances of the abundance of coal resources, separate statistics on feedstock energy and fuel energy would be useful in promoting the development of the raw materials industry and mobilizing the incentives of enterprises to use coal resources in a clean and efficient manner.
The longer the coal-processing process is, the higher the carbon emission factor, the higher the carbon efficiency is generally above 20%. Carbon in fuel use is predominantly burning, and carbon in coal is almost entirely released; a significant portion of carbon is emitted into downstream products after gasification of raw materials, while the remainder is released in the form of by-product co2 in the synthetic gas conversion and purification units.
The industrial and sub-sectors vary considerably in the intensity of CO2 emissions per unit of product due to differences in raw materials, production processes, and catalysts. Modern coal-processing processes are longer, higher value added, higher combined energy consumption and higher emission intensity per unit of product, compared to traditional coal-chemicals.
The CO2 unit product has a low emission intensity of 0.2 t/t (in CO2) and a carbon emission factor of 10.8 t/t per unit product (in CO2) due to the longest process. For example, coal-based hydrocarbons consume 4.4 tons of coal, carbon in coal accounts for 80% of coal, and the carbon element that eventually enters it accounts for about 24% of the total carbon in coal and coal.
Carbon use analysis of the production and consumption processes of the chemical industry. Carbon use in the production of coal-based hydrocarbons (the ratio of carbon content to total coal consumption in primary and by-products) is close to 22%, i.e. about 22% of carbon in coal-based hydrocarbons goes downstream, and these carbons are not emitted in the form of co2. Co2 combustion, coal-based methanol, coal indirect
For coal-chemical processes such as liquefied, coal-made natural gas, carbon emission factors are lower than for coal-based hydrocarbons, and carbon use is higher, i.e. more carbon is converted into other energy sources or chemicals. The feedstock energy component is not included in the total energy consumption, even if this calculation is based on the actual fixed carbon elements of downstream products.
Coal emissions from feedstock use account for about 60-70 per cent of total carbon emissions (coal emissions from feedstock use and coal emissions from fuel use) during conversion, saving 60-70 per cent of carbon emissions from feedstock use if all coal is not included in total energy consumption. Raw use is not included in total energy consumption and is consistent with our coal-based energy structure.
The energy structure and resource endowments of “coal-rich and oil-poor” still use coal more than billions of tons in the electricity and chemical industries, accounting for 84.2% of total coal, oil, and gas production, than in oil and gas, where coal-fired tools are more carbon-emitting. In the current carbon-neutral context, the electricity sector is turning to new sources of energy for power generation, with light-voltage, wind-loading, and skirmish.
In coal-fired power generation, modern coal-chemicals use 20-30%, i.e. 20-30% reduction in carbon emissions. In a low carbon context, coal-chemicals are consistent with the long-term development of the coal industry.
The price of the underlying chemical products prevents large-scale inflation. For enterprises, total consumption of raw materials without energy will reduce carbon emission pressures in coal industries, promote the efficient and clean use of coal resources, and facilitate the approval and expansion of coal-chemical projects in the current generation.
From 8 to 10 December 2021, a central economic workshop was held in Beijing, where it was stated that the phasing out of traditional energy sources should be based on new sources of energy security and reliable alternatives.
New renewable energy and feedstock energy sources are not included in total energy consumption controls, creating conditions for an early shift of energy consumption “double control” to total carbon emissions and intensity “double control”, accelerating the creation of incentive mechanisms to reduce carbon degradation, and preventing the implementation of a “double control” change in energy consumption management in Henan on 21st of January, with renewable energy electricity consumption in 2020
The raw energy used in the production of products such as aromatic hydrocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons, fertilizers, pesticides, and ethanol is not included in the energy consumption double-control tests. The use of coal for raw materials is not included in the total coal consumption control tests.
According to the Liaoning provincial government report, the 2022 Liaoning energy consumption target was considered in an integrated manner during the 14th Five-Year Plan period, and new renewable energy sources and raw materials were not included in the total energy consumption control.
The Opinion on Reducing the Dynamics of Enterprise Development emphasizes the need to optimize the “double control” system of energy consumption, achieve a comprehensive policy of offsetting raw materials, and exclude the use of coal, oil, natural gas for raw materials from the assessment of energy intensity and aggregates.
The project approval process is expected to accelerate, particularly in the Neomon region, where Mongolia is a major department of coal-processing and growth. The future coal-chemical industry will have to concentrate on four demonstration parks, with the greatest benefits from the NeoMondos demonstration.
In China, Xinjiang is relatively remote, raw materials are subject to freight charges, Ning Sha Ningdong coal resources are limited, and Xiaoximing Lin has made it more difficult to approve new projects at a later stage because of investment in the largest coal industry project in the world. Uldos has nearly 700 million tons of primary coal production per year, the largest potential for growth in the coal industry in China.
Hydrocarbons are of high commercial value, and approval of the coal-based hydrocarbon project is expected to accelerate. According to the Treasureball Energy Bulletin, feedstock use is excluded from total energy consumption control, which will reduce the local government energy consumption target by 70% to the right.
In October 2015, the concept of “dual control” was first introduced at the 18th plenary meeting, namely, the “double control” of total energy consumption and intensity of energy consumption. The “dual control” of energy consumption has evolved over time, and the “dual control” of total energy consumption and intensity implemented during the 13th Five-Year Plan was introduced.
By 2020, the energy consumption per unit of gdp is explicitly required to be 15% lower than by 2015 and total energy consumption is contained at 5 billion tons of standard coal. The 14th Plan further refined the level of dual control of total energy consumption and intensity, requiring control of fossil energy consumption, 13.5% lower energy consumption per unit of gdp in 2025 than by 2020, and carbon emissions respectively.
Full deployment. On 16 September 2021, the CDRC issued the Program for Improving Energy Consumption Intensity and Total Double Control, which proposes rigorous development of provincial energy double-control targets and market-based trade in energy indicators. Energy consumption “double-control” is a transitional measure of carbon emissions “double-control” with the ultimate goal of achieving carbon neutrality, if no distinction is made between energy sources.
Carbon emission characteristics, renewable energy and feedstock energy will be cut to one size, and companies will be forced to limit electricity, contrary to the ultimate goal of carbon neutrality, so that energy consumption “double control” will gradually shift to carbon emissions “double control”, carbon emissions masters Inner Moncocarbons projects are expected to accelerate, and companies will move into high-to-long-term production.
By the end of 2021, the company had 3 coal mines with a combined capacity of tonnes/year, 3 million tonnes/year of coke-based multi-product projects will be in operation in April 2022, and the combined capacity of postpartum coke will reach 7 million tonnes/year. The company currently produces 1.2 million tonnes/year of HC4 and Ningdong 3 tonnes/year of HC1 million/year.
The former coal-based methanol (500,000 tonnes/year coal, 500,000 tonnes/year c2-c5) is to be produced by the end of 2022, and the latter by 250,000 tonnes/yeareva by the end of the first quarter of 2023. The Ningdong 4 500 000/year hydrocarbon project is to be produced by the end of 2023.
The company is expected to produce 6.7 million tonnes per year after the date of the production plan. The company is in a period of energy release, is growing very rapidly, is building coal-based hydrocarbons that are less than the pole level, and the policy is good for the NCP project, although the feedstocks are not included.
Total consumption by source, but with no relaxation of controls over energy consumption, is a necessary requirement to achieve the double carbon target. Energy Efficiency Standard Levels and Baseline Levels in the High Energy Consumption Sector Priority Areas (2021 Edition) require that firms be directed to orderly carbon-reduction technology adaptations, implementation of proposed, ongoing projects, building up energy efficiency poles and promoting energy efficiency levels.
It should be mentioned that the standard level is fully achieved. The energy efficiency pole level and the baseline level of the coal-based hydrocarbons are 2.8 tons, respectively. The annual list and indicators of “runners” for water efficiency in priority products in the petroleum and chemical industries are published. The total energy consumption of the coal-based hydrocarbon unit is 2.396 tons of standard coal/tons of hydrocarbons, below the standard pole level of 14.4 per cent, and below the base level.
New policies such as energy use for raw materials, energy consumption poles, etc., will promote coalification, upgrade the industrial and industrial sectors, facilitate the development of energy-efficient top-level enterprises, and facilitate the approval of more environmentally friendly carbon-efficient coal-based hydrocarbon projects.
The energy policy is expected to be refined at the provincial level, the energy-rich coal-vinyl hydrocarbons have low-energy technical advantages, the approval of the 4 million tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbons project is expected to accelerate, and the company ' s total coal-based production capacity is expected to reach 6.7 million tonnes/year in the future, and the expansion of the production capacity of the gold-rich coal-based hydrocarbons will contribute to the re-elevation of the company ' s performance.
Table 3: The company ' s coal-based hydrocarbon energy consumption is below the standard pole level and baseline level 1.3. The central emphasis is on coal-based energy structures to benefit the coal-chemical industry. Carbon peaks are in order to move forward. The government ' s 2022 report states that the carbon peak is to be promoted in an orderly manner.
To promote the energy revolution, to ensure energy supply, based on resource endowments, and to maintain a proactive, well-planned and low-carbon energy transformation. To enhance the clean and efficient use of coal, to achieve orderly reductions and replacements, to promote carbon-saving, flexible and thermal changes in coal power. To promote energy consumption, “double control” to aggregate carbon emissions.
The report on the government’s work identified the need for carbon in peak carbon and work to move ahead in an orderly manner, not blindly “one-size-fits-all” way, enhancing the clean and efficient use of coal, and facilitating the pooling of coal resources towards head-line enterprises.
The coal-based energy structure is difficult to fundamentally change in the short term. Xi Jinping’s Secretary-General, who participated in the Neomen delegation’s deliberations during the two sessions, said, “Green transformation is a process, not a one-off process.
The coal-rich, oil-rich and gas-rich are our national circumstances, and the coal-based energy structure is difficult to change in the short term. To achieve the goal of "double carbon", it is necessary to be country-driven, not to throw the guy who eats in his hand first, and the new guy who eats is still not getting his hands on it. Green transformation is a process, and chemical production has to keep the environment green and clean.
The Secretary-General’s speech pointed the way to clean coal use and gave new impetus to the efficient and clean development of the coal industry, with policies conducive to the development of modern coal industry.2 The price of coal is limited and the price of oil remains high, with cost comparative advantages highlighted.
2.1. The coal price regime has been improved and the spot price of powered coal remains constrained. The spot price is still subject to a certain degree of extreme increase. In October 2021, the DRC intervened on the spot price through the Price Act, thereby containing the irrational increase in the spot price, which has since been revised downward.
At the end of February 2022, the Commission issued a circular on further improvement of the price formation mechanism for the coal market and a circular on the completion of the 2022 Medium- and Long-Term Coal Contract Mt./tt. (including taxes) with a clear baseline price of 5,500 kcals of coal powered at $675/t.
At the same time, although the port’s spot price has passed 900 yuan/tonne ceiling price, it is still subject to policy constraints, and the price of coal is less likely to rise sharply. Figure 4: Increases in spot prices for power coal are still subject to policy constraints
The price of coal in and out of the country has remained high, and the coal industry has become more profitable. The price of domestic power coal has fallen rapidly since the fourth quarter of 2021. International coal prices have risen sharply since 2022, with Newcastlenewc moving coal in Australia at a rate of over US$ 260 per ton. As international coal prices have risen, so have domestic coal prices.
The price of coal is still quite different from that of the international coal industry. The coal industry uses spot coal, although the price of spot coal is limited, the amount of space available for irrational increases is limited, the price of coal is very difficult to achieve in the last quarter of 2021, and the price of hidden ceilings persists.
In the North, where coal suppliers are mainly large-scale enterprises, coal procurement prices are more susceptible to policy guidance. With the rise in coal power in international ports, the price of spot coal for energy purchases is limited, and the cost end crude oil is fully marketed compared to the major refining enterprises, so the comparative advantage of kerosene vis-à-vis the cost of petrochemicals is clear.
Figure 5: High spot prices for international port power coal (US$/tonne) High oil prices, high prices for male hydrocarbons products, higher prices for geopolitical conflicts, higher prices for oil prices, and higher oil prices for oil prices. Since 2021, post-epidemiological outbreaks have continued.
The economic recovery of the times led to a repair growth in oil demand, while the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) limited production growth, oil supply did not keep pace with oil demand, and oil prices began to rise. Meanwhile, during the epidemic, the United States imposed loose monetary policies, global inflation increased, and oil prices continued to rise.
As a result of the situation in Ukraine and the escalation of Western sanctions against Russia, Russian oil production accounted for about 11% of global production in January of that year, and the risk of disruption of oil and gas transport continues to rise, despite all efforts to avoid sanctions against Russia against the energy market. Since March 2022, Brent crude oil has been in shock.
Breaking 100 bucks/barrells, if the conflict escalates, the price of oil will even rise further, and the oil price center is expected to remain high even after the war has ended. Acetylene is priced from oilhead routes and the price is expected to remain high.
In recent years, with the development of modern coal-chemicals and the light-formulation route of raw materials, the production capacity of coal-based, hydrocarbons and hydrocarbons has increased. Despite the increased capacity of coal-based, light-carbon fissions, it has been difficult in the short term to convert large quantities of chemicals such as ethylene and acetylene, mainly from oil production routes.
The ratio is 69% for petroleum processes, 56% for acrylic oil processes, and 56% for acrylic products. The price of acrylic products is expected to remain high in future oil prices, and the price of acrylic products is expected to remain high with oil prices.
Coal-based hydrocarbons have a cost advantage over pyrocephate-based hydrocarbons. In 2021, domestic prices of raw materials such as oil, coal, ethane and propane experienced significant fluctuations and increases, and the price of higher than lower prices was significantly volatile. As of March 2022, prices for oil, ethane and propane remained relatively high, and power coal prices remained relatively high.
Ges are rapidly falling and are subject to policy restrictions under the country's expanded supply and policy regulations. The coal-based hydrocarbon sub-process shows that the cost of coal-based carbide (cto) in 2021 was approximately $6381/ton, the cost of propane dehydrated carbide (pdh) was about $7,277/ton, the cost of naphthalenes was about $7,497/ton, and the cost of coal-based carbide acrylic hydrocarbons compared to propane dehydrate.
While coal-based hydrocarbons have experienced greater power-driven coal price movements, they still maintain a cost advantage over oil-based hydrocarbons and air-based hydrocarbons.
The full cost of acetylene is not higher than $6972/t, which is approximately $1,700/t lower than the cost of a pyrocephalus route. In 2021, the company disclosed that the cost of a pyrocephalus was $1,100/t less than the cost of a pececephalus (the average current price of power coal in 2021), and that of oil.
The cost advantage of the coal-based acrylic process route is expected to be further highlighted at higher prices. The price of acrylic products is high, the price of spot coal is subject to policy, and the price difference increases profitability. Given the high price of oil, the price of acrylic products is expected to rise as the cost rises to guide the product, although the price of acrylic products is expected to rise.
The price of acrylic products is expected to remain high when the price of oil rises. While the price of coal abroad remains high, domestic coal prices are significantly influenced by policy compared to the price of coal and crude oil in the overseas market, and the price of coal pits for inland coal industry is still subject to the guidelines.
Since November 2021, the price differential for polyethylene-power coal has remained high. The company benefits from the difference between the price of coal abroad and the price of domestic coal.
Figure 9: Polyethylene-power coal differentials maintained up (RM/t) Coal industry coupling green hydrogen, low-carbon reduction of carbon-neutral and 3.1, hydrogen-energy top planning released, green hydrogen development justified
Hydrogen is the most potentially clean energy source, and green hydrogen is the ultimate target. Hydrogen (h) ranks first in the periodic table of elements, is an important component of the Earth, often in the form of chemosynthesis (e.g. h_2o), and the normal monolithic form is hydrogen (h2). Due to low hydrogen density, the heat is higher (high heat 140.4 mj/kg, low heat 120.0 mj/kg).
Hydrogen can be extracted from hydrogen-containing materials such as water, fossil fuels, and is an important industrial material and energy carrier. Hydrogen energy is the energy released by hydrogen during physical and chemical changes, which can be used to store energy, generate electricity, fuel for various modes of transport, domestic fuels, etc.
High thermal values, high conversion rates, etc., are recognized as the second most promising energy source in the twenty-first century. Despite the zero carbon emissions characteristic of hydrogen gas combustion itself, the current hydrogen extraction route emits large amounts of carbon dioxide, generally dividing hydrogen into grey hydrogen, blue hydrogen, and green hydrogen, depending on the carbon emissions during the hydrogen production process.
Hydrogens derived from carbon-based fossil fuels are typically accompanied by large amounts of carbon dioxide emissions. Hydrogens are those produced using renewable energy to generate electricity, electrolysis or photolysis, with zero carbon emissions from the production process. Green hydrogen can actually achieve zero carbon emissions, which is the ultimate goal of hydrogen development, but due to high production costs, the response has not yet been large-scale.
Our hydrogen production, which is dominated by coal, is increasing year by year. Our hydrogen production routes include coal, gas, gas, hydrogen, industrial by-products, and electrolytic hydrogen. According to the Chinese Coal Industry Association, in 2020 we produced about 25 million tons of hydrogen, of which 62% were coal and 19% were natural gas.
Industrial by-product hydrogen accounts for 18% and is limited to electricity costs and electrolytic technologies, with only about 1% of the green hydrogen represented by electrolysis. The current development and utilization of hydrogen energy is still in its early stages of enlightenment, and grey hydrogen, such as coal hydrogen and natural gas hydrogen, will help China’s hydrogen energy industry to begin to grow and, in the future, the electrolytic green with large-scale photovoltaic or wind power.
Hydrogen will be a trend, and it will bring new growth dynamics to green hydrogen. Figure 12: China’s hydrogen production is increasing rapidly, hydrogen energy is being planned at the top, and it has potential for growth.
Hydrogen is a low-carbon, clean energy carrier, and the development of hydrogen is important for energy-saving reduction and deep decarbonization. In a carbon neutral context, the hydrogen-energy industry has received strong policy support, and the state attaches great importance to hydrogen energy.
On March 23, 2022, the National Development Reform Commission and the National Energy Agency jointly issued the Medium- and Long-term Plan for ICHE (2021-2035). The Plan identifies the energy attributes of hydrogen, which is part of the future national energy system, to achieve a clean and low-carbon hydrogen energy mix and to promote the end and high levels of transport, industry, etc.
Green low-carbon transformation in energy-consuming, high-emission industries; the Plan identifies hydrogen as the focus of strategic and emerging industries, building a green low-carbon industrial system and building new growth points for industrial transformation and upgrading; the Plan also sets out the basic principles for hydrogen energy development, the targets for all stages of hydrogen energy development and the importance of promoting high-quality development in the hydrogen energy sector
In spite of the low cost of grey hydrogen production and the technological maturity of the process, carbon emissions cannot be avoided, low carbon, even zero-carbon green radon can be achieved, and its potential will gradually be released. According to the Chinese Hydrogen Energy Union, the annual demand for hydrogen will reach 3,715,000 tons by 2030.
The annual demand for hydrogen will rise to 130 million tons by the year 2060, to about 20% of the end energy consumption. China ' s White Paper on Hydrogen Energy and Fuel Battery Industry 2020 states that decarbonization is the first driving force in the development of the hydrogen industry, with renewable energy sources expected to be achieved by 2030.
At a flat price, renewable-energy hydrogen is expected to reach 100 million tons in 2060. The growth in hydrogen demand will be largely met by green hydrogen, which, with the lower cost of renewable-energy hydrogen production, will be the key to the neutralization of carbon support, with a strong potential for 3.2, coal-industrial coupling of hydrogen for coal, and significant efficiency gains in reducing emissions.
Coal has more carbon and more carbon emissions from the coal industry. Coal is a solid fossil energy source of carbon, with a small amount of hydrogen, oxygen, sulphur, etc., and oil is a liquid fossil energy source of carbon and hydrogen, while natural gas is one of the least carbon-containing fossil energy sources of methane (ch4).
The coal processing conversion industry, which produces a variety of clean fuels and basic chemical raw materials, consists mainly of coal-based oils (coal direct liquidization, coal indirect liquidization), coal-based natural gas, coal-based chemicals (vinyl hydrocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons, ethanol, etc.), low-level coal fractions, and graded use. The dominant processes in modern coal-based industries are gasification of coal and oxygen, water vapour, etc.
In the case of coal-based hydrocarbons, the process of coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons is based on gas gas, gas mixed with gas, methanol, and methanol. The gas-based response is based on a mixture of gas mains.
The composition of the groups is about 2:1, but the ratio of co and h2 in coal methanol is about 1:2, so the blending gas requires more h2 through the water gas change response system, which produces a large amount of CO2 emissions from carbon-for-hydrogen exchange. If the production of 1 ton of acrylic powered coal is calculated at 4.4 tons, the emissions of 1 ton of acrylic hydrocarbons are about 6.8 tons, the same is true for 1 ton of acrylic acrylic acrylic gas.
Co2 emissions are 11.5 tons when coal is used entirely as fuel. Coal is co-ed with green hydrogen, and the abatement effect is clear. When coal is used as a chemical feedstock, parts of the carbon enters the product into clean energy or chemicals, it is sequestered and can significantly reduce carbon emissions.
In this case, adding green hydrogen would reduce the carbon-for-hydrogen process during the coalification process, thereby significantly reducing the carbon emissions from water gas variability. Currently, green hydrogen and green oxygen can be made from renewable energy photovoltaics, wind electrolysis water. Green oxygen enters the gasification response, replacing oxygen from the air-based units, thereby reducing or eliminating the air-for-gas mix.
The coupling process maximizes the transformation of carbon elements from coal into downstream products, both by reducing the power consumption of air-based devices to reduce carbon emissions and by changing the chemical response in the process route to reduce carbon emissions and green hydrogen coupling coal.
Chemicals will not only significantly reduce carbon emissions from coal processes, but will also produce more from the same chemical coal industry 600,000 tonnes/year of coal-based hydrate and reduce the emissions by 46.45 million tonnes/year. For example, 600,000 tonnes/year of coal-based vinyl hydrocarbons can model the process of green hydrogen coupling based on material balance, chemical response balance and reaction dynamics.
And financial analysis models. Model calculations and data analysis based on the recommendations for performance analysis and development of the Green Hydrogen Coal Coal Chemical System have shown that the coal-coating Hydrocarbon process and traditional processes save and add to the logistics, devices, and so on. As a result of the coupling of hydrogen energy, some or all of the coal in the raw materials is converted to the product, with the coupling of hydrogen gas.
Increased total coal substitution, increased coal substitution for raw materials and fuel substitution, with green hydrogen accounting for 71.3 per cent of total synthetic gas when 49 per cent of feedstock substitution (i.e., the ratio of low-consumption feedstock to primary feedstock coal) is achieved, and the ratio of hydrogen to hydrogen is adjusted by reliance on green hydrogen, and the water gas conversion device is complete.
Cancelled, the corresponding amount of green hydrogen consumption was 177,000 tonnes/year, resulting in a total of 1,917,000 tonnes/year of coal for raw materials and fuel use, saving about half the amount of coal use. At the same time, the total CO2 emission reduction rate was 67.9%, of which the total CO2 reduction rate for raw coal was 80.6%, and the total CO2 reduction was 46.45 million tonnes/year. Only carbon taxes (carbon emission rights) were considered.
The price of coal is only 100 yuan per ton and the carbon tax is conservatively estimated at 660 million yuan per year for the hydrogen coupling process. The green hydrogen project could save 230,000 tons per year for coal and reduce 560,000 tons per year for carbon emissions.
Hydrogen and 120 million “Green Oxygen” solar electrolysis projects can save 380,000 tonnes of coal per year and 660,000 tonnes of CO2 per year. 3.3. Green hydrogen taps grow high and build new dynamic energy for sustainable development.
The Ningdong Base is one of the four demonstration sites for the modern coal industry, and the largest demonstration area for the modern coal industry in the country. In December 2021, Ning Ning, the China Hydrogen Energy Alliance, joined the Ningdong National Committee for Energy and Chemical Energy to convene the Ningdong Base Hydrogen Energy Alliance.
Workshop on the Green Hydrogen Substitution and Modern Coal Industry, to promote the reduction of coal for hydrogen, for coal for coal, and for the reduction of coal consumption and carbon emissions from sources. Ningdong Base captures hydrogen energy.
The opportunities for industrial development will lead to the development of a green hydrogen coupling modern coal industry, which will be the only chemical park in the country that will enter the surrounding hydrogen fuel power grids in Shanghai to demonstrate the urban complex. In the context of the energy transition, Bo Fung energy continues to receive about 21 million tons of renewable hydrogen production from shareholders and government.
Launching of the "National Demonstration Project on Hydrogen Storage and Integrated Applications of Solar Electrolysis Hydrogens", which began construction in April 2020 and was officially launched in April 2021, with an annual production of 240 million “Green Hydrogen” and 120 million “Green Oxygen” indicators in the first quarter of 2022.
The next step will be the production of green hydrogen at an incremental rate of 300 million metrics/year (207,000 tonnes/year), the addition of 5% of the total carbon emissions from chemical installations per year, and a 20-year lead in achieving corporate carbon neutrality. Carbon trading mechanisms will be developed, and the price of carbon emission quotas is expected to rise.
In July 2021, the national carbon trading market was officially launched, the pilot area industry and units were gradually integrated into the national market, and our carbon trading market was formally established. The country ' s carbon market was built in three main phases, the first of which was 2002-2011.
Mainly involved in the international cdm (CDM) project; phase II, 2011-2020, piloting carbon trading in selected provinces and municipalities; phase III, 2021 to date, starting with the establishment of a national carbon trading market; Carbon Trading Management Approach (pilot) defines ccer (certified voluntary emission reductions) for the country ' s territory
Quantified certified emission reductions for renewable energy, forest carbon sinks, methane use, etc., registered on a carbon exchange.
As of 31 December 2021, our carbon emissions quota (cea) had accumulated for a month and the future price of the EU carbon emissions quota (eua) was 70-80 Euros/tons (490-560 yuan/tons), which is still low compared to the EU carbon market. The EU carbon market had more than 10 years of operational experience, none.
Whether market mechanisms or eua prices are a powerful guiding function for our carbon market, and our carbon emissions quota prices are expected to continue to rise in the future. Figure 15: Quantified carbon emission reduction benefits from the carbon market
The industry centre for the benefits of coal-based green hydrogen coupling is 1.36 billion yuan per year. According to the performance analysis and development of the green hydrogen-based coal-fired hydrocarbons system, 600,000 tonnes per year are green with a maximum consumption of 177,000 tonnes per year, corresponding to a reduction in carbon dioxide by 46.45 million tonnes per year.
Analysis of the cost and development proposal for a gas-based hydrogen, calculated as coal at 550 yuan per tonne, coal at about 0.9 yuan/tonne, coal at 650 yuan/tonne, and coal at about 1.0 yuan/tonne. Based on a rice advisory, it is projected that the global average cost of green hydrogen in low-cost areas in 2020 will be about 2.0 yuan/tonne, and that the cost of green hydrogen in 2030 is expected to be lower.
The cost of coal-based hydrogen is conservatively estimated at 0.9 yuan/scale, and we have estimated a two-dimensional distribution matrix of efficiency gains from the traditional coal-based hydrocarbons-yerocarbons process with carbon emission quotas at a price of 0-500 yuan/ton, green hydrogen at a cost of 1.3-0.5 yuan/scale, and industry at 600,000 tons/year.
The increase in prices and the decline in the cost of green hydrogen will increase efficiency gains for coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons. When the country’s carbon-emitting prices reach half the EU price, 200-300/t, it is expected that the industrial cost of green hydrogen in 2025-2030 will be 0.7-0.9/tide, and the efficiency of the traditional coal-based acrylic hydroxide process will be 9.3/year compared to the traditional coal-based acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic process.
Energy revealed on the interactive platform that the company ' s cost of green hydrogen in 2021 would be about $1.3/bill, and that the next step would be to adopt a technology innovation dollar/bill.
Strong, rich wind and solar energy, the cost of green hydrogen for rich energy sources is already low in industry, and the cost of green hydrogen without it is expected to be reduced to $0.7. With the current base of 200.000 tonnes per year of green hydrogen production, growth at 270.000 tonnes per year, the company ' s green hydrogen production is expected to be 263,000 tonnes per year in 2030.
At a price of about $50/tonne, the price of green hydrogen for bountiful energy is 1.3/tonne, the production capacity is 21,000 tonnes/year, the green hydrogen coupling dollar/tender, and the benefits of the bountiful green hydrogen coupling process are increased by two-dimensional fractions over the years under the price of different carbon emission quotas. A matrix is expected to rise to 200-300/t in 2025.
Figure 17: Green hydrogen costs are expected to fall by about 60 per cent by 2030.
The key assumption is that the growth in corporate operating income in 2022 was mainly due to the commissioning of 3 million tonnes/year of multi-production projects.
In terms of cost, 1.2 million tonnes/year of coal from the bungose coal mine will be put into production in 2024, which will further supplement the supply of the original coal. 3 million tonnes/year of coke dropped into the post-partum period, the company ' s primary coal self-sufficiency rate was 688, 769, 7.7 million tonnes, polyethylene sales were 74, 120, 24,600 tonnes, and polypropene sales were 66, 107, 107, 107, 107.
2.2 million tonnes; the unit price of coke is 1996; 1906; 1820; the unit price of polyethylene is 1157; 1185; 1087; the unit cost of polyethylene is 4776; 4573; 4643; the unit cost of polypropylene is 4656; 4453; and 4523.
Investment proposal: The company, as the leader of the domestic coal industry, benefits from high oil prices for its products, and the spot-priced coal bomb is limited, and there is much room for future growth. The company ' s 3 million tonnes of coke per year, Ningdong tri-octane, Ningdong tetra- and Nindong-chenylene will generate a significant increase in the company ' s revenue after delivery. At the same time, the company uses the coal industry to match the green hydrogen industry.
We maintain a profit forecast that the company is expected to achieve a net return profit in 2022-2024, and the price of the product falls. Companies are in the coal industry and are mainly engaged in the production and marketing of modern coal products.
The prices of the company’s main products are highly influenced by factors such as macroeconomics, changes in the domestic market balance of supply and demand, fluctuations in oil and coal prices, and fluctuations in demand in downstream markets.
The price of raw materials rises. The company's main raw material is coal. The company secures the supply of raw materials by means of its own production and outsourcing. In the future, with the company's 3 million-tonne/year co-carrying multi-manufacturing project and the increase in the capacity of the hydrocarbon production,
Demand for raw coal and other raw materials will increase, and the proportion of raw coal outsourcing will increase further. If coal and its raw materials are subject to large price fluctuations, it may have a certain impact on the company’s Māori rate for modern coal-chemical products, creating uncertainty about its profitability and, consequently, the overall performance of the company.
Tons/years, Ningdong 4 to 500,000 tonnes/year project will be launched in 2023-2024, and the Inner Mon 4 million tonnes/year project is expected to start in 2024.