The Great Wall Car: Production upgrades boosted profitability by billions of dollars, an increase of 259 per cent from the previous year, and net profits of $5.027 billion from shareholders in listed companies.
The main reasons for the decrease in the net profit from the return to the mother, as well as the high cost of advertising and advertising expenses, are the promotion of existing products and the promotion of brands and new products by the Group's cessional clients during the reporting period.
The increase of 38.77 per cent is due to the increase in advertising fees during the reporting period, which in 2017 was the first year of the luxurious brand Wey, which increased advertising efforts; overhead costs of $4,963 million, an increase of 8.49 per cent compared with the increase of 8.49 per cent; and finance continued to expand the product line, with 2017q4 performing rapidly.
The company continues to focus on the suv strategy, which will expand the company’s product lines by rolling out the Huffh4, vv6, p. 8, and c30ev models. Currently, the company is following policy to launch the Ora brand, to boost the new energy automobile business, and to push the company to catch up with new energy vehicles.
To increase the firm’s core competitiveness, the Ora brand will quickly compensate for the company’s new energy vehicle shorts. The company’s performance rose rapidly in the fourth quarter of 2017, driven by the Wey brand model, largely returning to 2016 levels, and we believe that the profitability will continue to recover after the roll-out of p8 and Eura in 2018.
In 2017, the company sold 1,061,000 vehicles, down 0.8 per cent from the same year and 104,000 from the same year, a decline of 4.8 per cent from the same year, with a subtotal of 852,000 Huff brands, a decline of 9.2 per cent from the same year.
There's also a certain decline in sales under the impact of competitors. Wey's cumulative sales in 2017 were 86,000, wey's sales in November and December 2017 were roughly more than 20,000 monthly, profits on the company's four quarters, company's own brand sales may fall short of expectations, and new energy cars may not be sold as much as expected.
For the last five years, the company's revenues and their equivalents (in billions of yuan) Figure 5: p./ebandto: Wang Fenghua: Master's degree at the People's University of China and currently President of the United Securities Institute.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from a compliance channel.
The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the present report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without reference to any of the principles.