The high end of the brand is expected to increase the profits of the bicycles - the Great Wall Cars (601633) is reported to have increased by 2.59 per cent in the same year, and the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company is $5.027 billion in the same year.
Wey's brand is moving well, and four quarters are doing better than expected: in 2017, the Great Wall car took the initiative to block inventory manually for the first half of the year, to promote official price reductions and to increase marketing, and the sales of the former wey series (vv5\v7), especially two vehicles, went uphill on a monthly basis, in November and December.
q1-q4 achieved a net profit of 19.55 per year, mainly due to a higher-end share of Wey and a steady improvement in Hover's sales, based on quarterly performance.
The end-to-end product ratio has contributed to the company's increased profitability, with four quarters of the company's bicycle revenue out of $100,000/car, and its net profit up to 20.8 million/car. In our view, 2017 was the anniversary of the Great Wall's lowest fascination and the creation of the high-end brand of Wey.
Wey’s high-end markets will continue to function, and the stability of the new Huffh6 sales will help to scale up corporate branding and cycling. Focusing on new energy strategies, the new energy vehicle layout is getting better: as a domestic suv leader.
In July 2017, a joint venture agreement was signed with the Royal Yangtze of Hebei, which provided a 25% share of Hebei's capital in order to meet the need for a new energy component: 28 million Australian dollars in September.
In February, the BMW signed a letter of intent to focus on new energy vehicles and future technologies.
Given the potential of new energy vehicles, especially the introduction of new energy vehicles with a high-end endorsement by the Wey brand, profit predictions and investment proposals: 2017 as the year of a positive transformation of the company, with the positive signs of a high-end break in the Wey brand and the steady sales of the whole new Hover series, we believe that the company will be able to make a difference.
Prospectively out of the malaise period, companies are expected to experience a sharp decline in sales of 0.70 per cent in 2018-2019 and 0.50 per cent in the year 2018-2019, less than expected in the Wey series and less advanced in the process of new energy vehicles.