Product restructuring led to a decline in performance of q2 and q3 q4 and a steady upturn in performance of the Great Wall (601633) in 2017.
In view of the high stock pressure at the beginning of the year, companies undertook marketing concessions, official drops, and the average msrp prices of the Huff series fell in the first three quarters: (2) in preparation for the listing of the Wey series in the first half of 2017, sales and R & D costs increased significantly in the second and third quarters: 3) market growth slowed down in 2017 by car suv.
The company is under greater pressure as a result of increased market competition caused by joint venture brand prices. The unit has improved its sales structure by 2017q4 performance, compared with the trend of 300 deep.
The overall performance of the q4 company has risen gradually with the increase in the sales of the Wey series. 1) The sales of the Wey series have increased rapidly, and since the market, the sales of the Weyvv5/vv7 vehicles have passed rapidly by thousands, with a cumulative total of 865 thousand in 2017, with a higher position than the Haver system, raising the average company vehicle prices; 2) the Huff series has increased.
After a loss of performance, Hover is under pressure from the terminal stock, and with the listing of Haffah4 and the gradual withdrawal of H1 to optimize the internal product structure represented, the level of profitability will gradually rise.
The Huff series has been optimized, wey brands have been successfully launched, and there will be new energy car brands in the future, slower growth with the suv industry and increased competition.
1. Mid-2017: Summary of company sales in 2017 and financial statement data: Figure 1: Monthly sales in the Huff and Wey series in 2017 (in units of vehicles)
Summary of company financial statement data projections: Zhang Dongdong, Master of Business Management, Xian Transport University, accumulated nine years of research experience in the automobile industry. Three years of consulting experience in management consulting, focusing on user orientation, brand positioning, business strategic consulting; six years of experience in the work of large commercial car enterprises, familiar with corporate warfare through the Ministry of Strategic and Development, the Ministry of Marketing Company Markets and Commodity Management.
In 2016, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, sought to be objective, impartial, and not to be influenced or influenced by any third party.