China Stone (60017.sh) - mid-2023.
The reverse growth in sales and higher exchange earnings. 2023h1 achieved 12.42 million tons of bra and product sales, compared to 18.7 per cent, and the negative growth in sales, both historically high, with the main beneficiary companies actively adjusting their structures.
The share of electronic fabric continues to rise as high-end products, such as wind and electric veils, contribute; according to the region, the exchange rate gain of 120 million yuan, compared to 26 million yuan in the same period the previous year, as a result of the increase in domestic revenue and exchange earnings. Production capacity has expanded steadily and product structure has been optimized.
To create a new record of production of the largest single-manufacturing pool kilns in the current industry, a 100,000-ton boosted fibreglass production line was planned in the first half of 2024 under the construction of the Huaian project (a total of 400,000 tons), coupled with wind power generation and the creation of the world's first fibre-rich zero carbon.
The smart manufacturing base is expected to further consolidate the cost advantage. Meanwhile, the company’s new product development and promotion have been remarkable, with the number of new products growing at an all-time high, and has actively joined downstream clients in China’s Monument (600176.sh)-2023 - Quarterly Review: bottom is largely confirmed.
The development of photovoltaic borders for fibre-optic composite materials, among others, has resulted in clients acquiring photovoltaic components. China Stones (600176.sh)-2022 Annual Report Review: At the bottom of the cycle, the relevant certification certificate for the material frame is expected to contribute to future performance.
China Stones (600176.sh) - Three-quarterly report: bottom of performance, good for middle- and middle-level. China Stones (600176.sh) - 2022 mid-point review: high profitability is resilient, investment proposal: bottom of the Provincial Dragon, waiting to recover, maintaining the “buy-in” rating
China Stone (60017.sh)-q1 shows a high level of innovation in performance and highlights the advantages of the Provincial Trench. At present, the industry continues to have its bottom line, with the vast majority of businesses already in a state of loss. The balance of supply and demand in the industry is expected to progress as subsequent infrastructure, wind power and so on are expected to provide support to the good, and export demand improves.
Rehabilitating, looking at the company’s competitive advantage as a bobble-column, the capacity to expand steadily and add product structures continues to be optimized, and profits are expected to be restored first. Given that demand recovery is below expectations, and the price of the bobble continues to be grounded, figure 1: China’s Great Stone operating income and speed of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Figure 2: China ' s single-season operating income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 3: China ' s net profit and rate of increase (in billions, per cent)
Reverse growth in sales and higher exchange earnings. 2023h1 achieved 12.42 million tons of bra and product sales, same as +16 per cent, 407 million metres of electronic distribution, same as +24.7 per cent, 7.56 billion yuan of fibres and products, same as -18.7 per cent, negative growth in sales and both record highs, and the major beneficiary companies were proactive in adjusting their structures, wind and electric veils.
The share of electronics in high-end products continues to rise; by region, domestic revenues of $4.69 billion, figure 5: China ' s huge rock fibres and products sales and increases (in tons, per cent) figure 6: China ' s Great Stone sales of electronics during the same period in the last three years (in millions of metres)
Figure 7: China ' s Great Stone Fibres and Products Revenue and Growth Rate (Billions of Dollars, %) Figure 8: China ' s Big Stone Region Revenue and Growth Rate (Billions, %) Figure 9: China ' s Big Stone Māori Rate and Net Interest Rate (Billions, %)
Figure 10: Māori and net interest rates for the single quarter of China ' s Great Stone (in %) Figure 11: Cost rates during the period of China ' s Great Stone (in %) Figure 12: Cost rates during the single quarter of China ' s Great Stone (in %)
In June 2023, the Xijiang’s first 200,000 tons/year of intelligent manufacturing started production, achieving a new record of achieving production targets in the single largest pool kilns in the current industry, and is currently planning production in the first half of 2024 for the construction of a 100,000-ton enhanced fibreglass line in the first phase of the construction project (400,000 tons).
At the same time, the company’s development and diffusion of new products have been successful, the number of new products has been historically high, and active efforts have been made to work with downstream clients to develop fibre optics and fibre-optic fibre-rich optical borders.
At present, the fibre-optic industry continues to have its bottom line, with the vast majority of businesses already in a state of loss, with subsequent infrastructure, wind power, etc. expected to provide support and export.
With improved demand, the balance of supply and demand in the industry is expected to be repaired gradually, taking into account the company’s competitive advantage as a backbone of the bobble, its steady capacity, its steady expansion and the continued optimization of the product structure, and its profitability, which is expected to be the first to repair. Considering that demand recovery is lower than expected, the authors guarantee that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author