Bottom feature clear, wind demand driven on 12/07/2023 \triangleright
In terms of \triangleright unit prices, the average price of 23q2 entangled direct veil 2400tex across the country is $3944, according to Ingenious Data.
/Tons, 34.5 per cent year-on-year and 2.1 per cent ring ratio, q3 prices have slowed down on the one hand, and prices have reached the bottom of the scale, with a mean price of $3840/t on 7 July, with a flat ring ratio, equal to 2.17 per cent.
On the profit side, 23q2 companies are expected to lose +47.8% of the total non-purchasing ring ratio, one product is expected to benefit by a better structure, a higher wind veil is expected to rise, a lower energy cost ring, such as natural gas, and an exchange rate effect of three yuan. For the profit side, 23q2 companies are expected to lose +47.8%.
The industry is still under pressure. According to Cheuk, the company stock at the end of June was 84.97 million tons, the ring ratio was +6.6 million tons (corresponding rate of increase + 8.6 per cent), the overall demand of the industry was uncertain, the accumulation of reservoirs and low price incentives, and SMEs were expected to be more profitable, while leading firms were expected to earn more, relying on cost advantages, product structure advantages and gains.
In the middle of the boom, q1 may be a low ton of net profit for the rock. Electronic cloth: demand continues to be stressed, supply is better.
q4 performance met expectations, 23 years of improved turquoise fundamentals season by season
It's still low, with an average cost of $3.56 per metre per electronic sheet for the 23q2 industry, according to Cheuk Intel, and an announcement by the Chinese Stones (600176.sh) that the first zero-carbon base of the entire planet will be built and 400,000 tons of fibre-optic capacity will be invested in 2.
City, electronics prices have room for repair, mainly because no large-scale production and release is expected during the year, supply-demand relationship follows: q3 price decline affects unit profits, \triangleright
Continuing the construction of the bottom 2022/10/23 for the second half of the outlook, the demand-side focus is on: 1 pro-cyclical projection, 2 wind-coat-symmetry, 3-PV composite material bordering the certification process at the assembly plant (for more details, see Fibre Industry Theme Paper, Photovoltaic Borders, New Fibre Applications).
Q: Performance increased on schedule, q3 focused on the return to structural demand, annual supply pressures were light, supply pressures were more concentrated in 2024, and the combined q3 bar prices still need to be grounded. \triangleright
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.