The profit is slightly higher than the performance report, and the bottom of the industry stands on the line. \triangleright > coarse: 23q2 unit net profit recovery, with clear trends of improvement over the course of the year
(1) On the unit price side, according to Chewie information data, the average price of 23q2 entangled direct veil 2400tex nationwide was RMB 3944/tonne, corresponding to 34.5 per cent, ring ratio - 2.1 per cent, q3 prices slowed down on the one hand, and prices reached the bottom zone (after 17 August, the price of the bra was RMB 3695/tonne, corresponding to 23.1 per cent).
(2) In terms of sales volume, 23H1 sold 124.18 million tonnes or +16% of products, expected to benefit from wind demand versus Zhao Zing, research assistant (3), in terms of profit, 23q2 overall net reed ratio + 57%, and we judge 23q2 single ton.
The ring is also restored to 23q1 and is expected to benefit from an improvement in product structure, a rise in Māori's higher wind veil ratio,2 a decline in energy costs such as natural gas, and the impact of the RMB3 exchange rate. The fibre-optic industry is still under pressure, according to the Treasure Data, with 891,000 tons of the stock of fibre-optic sample companies at the end of July, and the ring + 410,000 tons (corresponding to the rate of increase + 4.8 per cent), and the overall demand of the industry.
q1 may be a low point for the rock’s net profit period. Electronic cloth: demand continues to be sold at +24% on a par with demand, and the city’s share continues to rise.
In terms of unit prices, there has been no significant improvement in the demand for motor vehicles, consumer electronics, electrical appliances, etc., and the utilization rate of the production capacity of pcb downstream is still 2. China's Great Stone (600176.sh) reported in the first quarter of 2023.
Billions of metres, +24%, without a significant improvement in downstream demand, we judge that the main reason is that the company continues to raise the market rate at the bottom of the cycle. Looking to the city, there is room for repair of the electronic fabric price, based on the fact that there is no large-scale production and release during the year, q4 performance meets expectations, and 23 years of crude fundamentals are improving by season.
4. China ' s Great Stone (600176.sh) announces that the construction landscape will be completed in the second half of the year, with demand focusing on: 1 procyclical projection, 2 wind-casm aura, 3 light-voltage composites bordering.
Progress in the certification of the component plants (for more details, see the Fibre Industry Thematic Report, “Flower Borders, New Fibre Applications, Wide Boulevards,” in 2024, where pressure on the supply became more concentrated and the q3 collage price was judged together still needs to be grounded.
Investment recommendations: company perspectives include: a pro-cyclical recovery expectation at the rough demand end, focus on industrial stock turning points, 2 e-branch price elasticity is expected to be stronger than the rough, 3-voltage frame industry certification, release progress, 40-0 carbon base lead \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.