In January-June 2023, China's Tsikshi published its semi-annual report on the increase in sales of brags and electronics, and in January-June 2023 it achieved operating income.
During the first half of the year, the price of the veil fell, and the sales of the company ' s covets and products grew backwards in 2022 q2 companies achieved operating income of $4.158 billion in a single season, a decline of 38.64 per cent in the same year.
There was a significant decline, as a result of low demand for fibreglass and a sharp drop in prices. At the same time, corporate sales of covets and products rose in reverse, with 124.18 million tons of corts and products in H1 in 2023, an increase of 16.03% over the same period.
The preponderance has been further consolidated. In the first half of 2023, demand continued to be depressed in the rough market, construction materials, weak demand influenced by factors such as the downside of real estate, which has led to a decline in demand, while demand in the rough market abroad has shown a downward trend, and in the first half of 2023, the volume of rough exports has declined, prices have fallen.
In addition, in the second half of 2022, and in 2023, the country's fibre-clothing capacity continued to grow, adding domestic and foreign demand for it, weakening demand in the industry, and falling prices. According to the original data, in January-June 2023, the country's main fibre-clothing product was unalkali-free.
The average price of 2400tex entangled direct veils was $4070.69 per ton, down from the same period the previous year.
In 2023, H1 sold 407 million metres of electronics, an increase of 24.09% compared to the previous year. At the end of demand in the electronic fabric industry, the start-up of the market as a whole in the downstream pcb market is still low.
Although there has been an increase in end-of-service and electronics related sales, the number of new single orders for pcb manufacturers is still limited, and the overall demand support is still weak. According to Treasure Information data, the cost of the electronic veil g of the country’s main fibre-optic factory was $7,800 per ton on June 30th.
The Galactic Building Report reports a 17.46% drop in China's Great Stones. The three lines of electronic veil intelligence (600176, sh) are already in place: product restructuring is beginning to show up.
In effect, the industry’s leading position is strong, bringing a certain increase in the company’s performance throughout the year 2023.
Māori rates and net interest rates decreased by 29.36 per cent for company H1 sales in 2023, compared to (600176, sh): short-term performance under pressure, pending recovery of company performance after recovery of demand
Point. The downside in product prices is the main reason for the decline in the company’s Māori rate and net interest rate.
(600176.sh): Productive capacity continues to be released, profit per cent, administrative cost increases are due to an increase in rental costs and shutdown losses in 2023h, and financial cost decreases are due to an increase in exchange rate gains.
Production capacity continued to expand, with product structures optimized for the reporting period of 100,000 tons of fine, 300 million metres of electronic fabric production line, 150,000 tons of short-cut silk line in Chengdu, and 200,000 tons of smart manufacturing base project 1 in Kyonjiang, which resulted in the "E-Kiborg Global 2nd."
Goal one. The company’s productive capacity continues to expand, Egypt’s 120,000-ton crude line project is steadily advancing, and the company’s economies of scale will be further enhanced, with a stronger dominance in product supply capacity and pricing power, and a further strengthening of the company’s backbone in the fibre optics industry.
In addition, the restructuring of the company’s products continues to be optimized, increasing the share of high-precision and high-value-added products, such as wind and electrical veils, electronic fabrics, and the development of a rich, complex material industry with high growth potential, as well as the creation of an ecological circle. At the same time, the company has created the Great Stone and New Energy Agency.
The Department is building the world’s first fibre-rich zero-carbon smart manufacturing base, investing in wind power projects, restructuring and upgrading the transition, enhancing the sustainable development capacity of companies’ products and operations, and raising corporate value across the board.
The investment proposal, as a leader in the fibreglass industry, has clear advantages in terms of cost, size, technology, branding, etc. As the company’s productive capacity continues to be released, and development expectations for medium- and high-end products are good, it maintains a “recommended” rating.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.