Three quarters outperform the expected growth, and overseas mining projects are progressing well Overall outperformed: net profits increased by approximately 28.34 per cent in the first three quarters, net profits increased by 86.65 per cent in the previous three quarters by 86.65 per cent in the same year, and companies achieved $13.43 billion in the first three quarters, a 28.34 per cent increase in the same year, resulting in a net return to the mother.
Four hundred and fifty-two million yuan, an increase of 28.34 per cent in the same year, supermarket expectations and high performance. Three seasons alone, the highest level. The net cash flow from the company ' s operations in the third quarter was $9,905 million, or 63.52 per cent, mainly due to increases in gold, copper sales and lower cost of some minerals.
The company achieved 29.46 tons of mineral gold, 34.45 million tons of mineral copper, 24.4 million tons of mineral zinc, 217.74 tons of mineral silver in the previous three quarters.
The price of the company compares with the trend of 300 in depth, the copper mine and the Serbian violet copper blubber are growing rapidly, with a similar 30.69 per cent increase in mineral copper production in the previous three quarters, and a 33.07 per cent increase in mineral silver in the same year. In addition, the company's combined Maori rate in the previous three quarters.
The offshore mining project is progressing well, with a strong endowment of copper resources 1 Congo Kamoa-Cakura copper mining project: underground development continues at a rapid pace, totalling 2,069 metres in September, resulting in a new monthly record of about 7.0 km above the target (approximately).
The total annual production of camoa-Cacura copper metal can be more than 800,000 tons, and the gold mining industry, either directly or indirectly, holds 45.1 per cent of the total shares in the project until it is fully completed and is expected to increase the company ' s copper production further.
Bnl will continue to operate the Bogra gold mine. This guarantees the company’s rights to operate the gold mine, supporting the company’s subsequent gold production and allaying the market’s concerns about the progress of overseas mining projects.
Research assistant: Oncamin gold prices shift upwards, and copper prices remain high overall. In terms of prices, market inflation is expected to overlap with real interest rates, and gold prices may continue to do so in the context of the United States policy of unlimited quantitative breadth.
Keeping high; in addition, with the recovery of global production and the recovery of overseas demand, copper prices are expected to be high in the future. The company's mineral reserves are abundant and the process of internationalization is accelerating, with hundreds of billions of class mines released and industry leaders highlighted.
Repeated overseas epidemics; less than expected progress in overseas mining; risk of falling metal prices. Use of legally compliant information, independent and objective production of this report, data and information used in this report, based on open market information, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of these messages, or of any change in the information and advice contained therein.
Reference. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.