A strong growth performance of 03, with global mining giants in shape, UV Mining (601899.sh) issued a three-quarters report for 2020, and the company achieved revenue in the first three quarters of 2020.
Entering $13,434 million, an increase of 28.40 per cent in the same year; achieving net profits attributable to the parent company 37.40 per cent. The company achieved operating revenues of $47,291 million in the first quarter of 2020q3, an increase of 37.36 per cent in the same year; achieving net profits attributable to the parent company, an increase of $2,151 million in the same year.
(i) Stable performance of the gold and copper plate, with strong growth in corporate performance Average market prices of the company's main products, mineral gold and copper, respectively, decreased by 0.32 per cent, 4.66 per cent to $176 per unit, respectively, in the first three quarters of 2020
K, $19424 per ton. This led to an increase in the Māori ratio of the company ' s mineral gold to copper during the reporting period, with the Māori ratio of the company ' s mining enterprises increasing by 3.7 percentage points to 43.57 per cent in the first three quarters of 2020, driving the whole of the company.
The boom in block volumes was the main reason for the strong growth in the company ' s performance during the reporting period. (ii) The offshore priority projects were put into production and the company ' s growth was expected to materialize during the reporting period.
On the other hand, the first phase of the technology improvement project for the Serbian purple gold industry is expected to be operational in 2021, the upper belt project for the Seviatimok copper mine is expected to be operational in mid-2021, the Congo gold mining project is expected to be operational in 2021, and the Tibetan dragon copper industry is expected to become operational in 2021.
With regard to the gold mine, the company, Wuryi, Colombia, is expected to continue its operations. On September 27, the company publicly released a bond of $6 billion, which was cleared by the CSRC.
The construction of the point copper mining project provides a strong guarantee. As the company’s priorities, both at home and abroad, continue to grow, the company’s future production of mineral gold and copper is expected to grow significantly, laying a solid foundation for the company’s failure to grow and moving towards a global resource-based mining giant.
The company, as the leader of our non-ferrous metal mining industry, has increased its capacity to produce metals through endogenous development and overseas mergers and acquisitions, and has increased its reserves of high-quality resource assets, thereby increasing its internal strength and gradually growing into a global mining giant. As the company’s offshore high-quality gold and copper mining project, which had been laid out earlier, progresses towards a peak in production, the company’s gold and copper production will continue to grow significantly, and the company is about to take over.
(b) A substantial decline in commodity prices;
3) Mine projects have not advanced as expected; 4) overseas mines have been suspended due to external forces, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, with due diligence and professionalism, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.