The three-quarter performance report issued by the company was estimated at $13.4 billion, or 28.3 per cent, in the first three quarters of 2020; the net profit attributable to the parent company was estimated at $4,572 million, or $4,572 million.
The net profit of the parent company was $2.15 billion, an increase of 86.9 per cent over the same period, and the benefits were higher than ever before in the third quarter, with supermarket expectations. The company experienced a 30.69 per cent increase in mineral copper and 33.08 per cent in mineral silver and continued to release production in the first three quarters.
Xu Hyemin yuan/tonne, which is almost equal to last year ' s average market price for minerals and zinc $8631 pert, down 21 per cent from the same year, for minerals and silver, an increase of 19 per cent from the previous three quarters of the company ' s combined Māori ratio.
Financial costs have risen, but operating cash flows have increased significantly. Companies have grown in size in recent years as a result of multiple mergers and acquisitions, with long-term borrowing of $28.4 billion at the end of the three quarters, short-term borrowing of $19.6 billion, first three quarters, yellow and yellow.
With a value of $18.7 billion, the company’s net operating cash inflows in the first three quarters were $9.9 billion, a significant increase of 65% over the previous three quarters, effectively allaying corporate financial pressure. The company’s copper minerals will be released quickly in the coming years, and the easy and recovery logic copper prices are expected to continue, public, and public.
The U.S. monetary policy is expected to remain relaxed in the medium to long term, and the dollar index or weakening in the medium to long term is expected to be fair.
The bulk of the dollar-denominated commodities have a basis for upswing, and the company’s main commodity, gold and copper, will benefit directly; The company’s performance is expected to increase steadily over the next two years, as a result of the boom in the volume of its products.
In West Side, at 28 West Rixie Street, at 1000 Hengsheng Building, Lujiang Gate Road, Fukuda District, Fukuwa, 6th tax-exempt trader.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, and has no direct business agreement with the company.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments, and projections contained in the report are the only points of view and judgement that are available on the date of issuance of this report, and are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice, and the investors should follow up with the relevant updates or modifications.
The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only, not as an invitation or guarantee for the purchase or sale of securities or the subject matter of their investments. The views, recommendations, etc. do not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be obtained from the report, and consult with any professional financial consultant in the financial, tax and other fields. The company ' s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not predict the accuracy of this report and this document.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.