The 23-year performance forecast for medical medicine (000963.sz) continues to grow and looks forward to continued strengthening of the ability to contribute for profit Events: the company issued a 2023 performance forecast: the company expects to achieve a net return profit by 2023
(d) The amount of RMB 20,290 million/Yoy+7.0 per cent from the commercial portion of the medical plate 23q1-q3, which is subject to external factors in the short term, followed by profit ends or still has room for boosts.
In the field of medicine and beauty: the business of medicine as a whole continues to grow at a high pace, with historical success, best practices, better profits at home and abroad, and positive contributions to corporate performance as a whole, specifically: (1) National medical beauty: we expect 23q4 YYENE to achieve the ring.
q3 has achieved about 1.1 billion income for the entire year, 24 years of injection plus ebd combined growth certainty; (2) Medical beauty abroad: 24 years of positive growth + profitability as medical and US overseas operations scale effect gradually emerges
The research assistant in the Li Wen Jingmi sector is expected to contribute more to the growth of performance. (3) Li La Rupe: Based on compliance adaptive conditions, 24 end-of-pipe single-body drugstores have been completed before and after the Spring Festival.
Profit forecast: 23 years of sustained bright growth and sea-based growth of the company's core medical-American product, the profitability of foreign medicine and the continued increase in the profitability of the company's overall medical-American business, in addition to the continued use of Liralu's heavy-density adaptive products, which can be expected to be collected from the company for 24 years.
Risk factors: less progress in the development of clinical research and development, less success in market diffusion, medical medicine (000963.sz): agreement with Chongqing to sign an equity investment & exclusive distribution of products, reorganization
The botulinum has improved the layout of the company's botulinum line.
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Portfolio as Deputy Director-General of the Research and Development Centre. In 2021, he received the second in a new wealth zero and social suit, the first in a crystal ball suit, and the first in a new wave.
After graduate school in July of that year, he joined the Social Services Group for Employable Securities, and in November of 2022 he joined the New Sinda Consumers Group, covering the cosmetics, medical beauty, social services, and the tax-exempt, eye-vision, invisible deformities, pets, retail, etc.
Li Bong Jing, Master of Science in Champagne, University of Illinois, B.A. in Economics, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest, November 2022.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.