Chinese medicine (000963), performance is on track, 24 years of steady growth is on track 04 profit growth is clearly accelerating, and profit growth is on track throughout the year: the first three quarters of the company is net.
The profits were 2,189 million yuan, representing an increase of 10.48 per cent over the same period. According to the announcement, the net return of 04 was 6.23 - innovation transformation strategy.
Innovative products continue to deliver, and new products drive sustained and robust industrial growth: before the third quarter of 2023, industrial plates achieved $8,894 million in operating income (including cso operations), an increase of 9.48 per cent over the same period; in fact, the plates will continue to grow faster, with major increases, including the continued listing of innovative products (bcma)
Cart, Usnillo, Lilalupe, elahere, arcalyst, etc., industrial microbiology profitability, capacity upgrading and continued market expansion of cso products, with a steady increase in the stock of products as a whole.
Through a consistent assessment, cytosil is a narrow treatment window drug with a risk of a change of drug, which is relatively manageable; 100% of capsules and sales outside the Acapo Sugar Institute continue to grow; medical beauty is growing at a high rate and overseas health-promotion capacity is improving: corporate consolidation in the three quarters of 2023.
The total operating income achieved by the health-care module is $1,874 million (excluding internal offsets) and the profitability of the national subsidiary Sinclair will continue to improve, making a more positive contribution to the company's profits;
In the country, Xinkumi will also continue to promote the marketing of new products, including lanlumav, maili urinary acid, perfectha, m-type needles, and the restructuring of bottox.
We have a high rate of growth in the micro-organisms of the United States of America and industry, and a stable pharmaceutical industry and business sector.
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.