An in-depth study on electricity in the Yangtze River (6009000)
As a resource-based enterprise, the company has the right to permanent use of the country's best-quality water resources and the best-quality hydropower assets, and the company operates and manages six mega hydroelectric plants (including aromatics), all of which are strategic projects of national importance, headed by Jiang Gang, which account for 59.84% of the world's equivalent fleet. As the country's largest listed company, the company has a strong industry leadership.
Business income, installed capacity, and power generation are in the forefront of the industry. The Utunde power station and the White Crane Beach power station are being injected, and the movement control system changes are expected to increase the scale of power generation.
A capacity of 10.2 million kilowatt-hours (KWh) per year for the design of 38.9 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) for the use of 3,815 hours; and a White Crane Beach power station with 16 million kWh per year for the design of 62.4 billion kWh per year for the use of 3,903 hours. In addition, the injection of the Utund and White Crane Beach power stations has brought to the fore the regional movement effect of the reservoir ladders, with additional water savings to generate electricity.
At present, four power stations such as the Haodu River, the dam to the home, the tri-gorges, the dam to the Gojia have a unified joint reservoir schedule, and at an annual rate of up to 10 billion kilowatts, the entire crew of the Utungde, White Crane Beach power station will be placed after delivery and will be managed by the company, with the “Six Bank Convergence” to further reduce water discards and increase water use.
The new business, the growth of new spaces, the growth of corporate intelligence, the development of integrated energy on a scale basis, the innovative introduction of the urban green integrated energy housekeeper model, the active development of integrated “source networks” and the signing of collaborative agreements on smart integrated energy strategies with a number of cities and regions, and the creation and launching of new and shipping rivers.
The company’s new energy sources and the smooth start of its extraction operations. The company focuses on the complementarities of the “waterwind” and focuses on the “large-scale project” of the Great Base, insisting on the power-delivery, power-to-power” and promoting the development of the new energy business.
Development of an integrated water and light base, taking advantage of the company's power and water sector, and targeting of several pumping energy projects. Optimizing strategic investment, with an investment return of $5,426 million in 2021, to achieve an all-time high and an effective smoothing of water fluctuations for company performance.
1.1. The company has developed the largest hydropower company in the world and has a strong asset. The company was founded on 29 September 2002 by the China Yangjiang Trifjord Group Ltd. as its main sponsor. Ipo was listed in November 2003.
The company is mainly engaged in hydroelectric power generation, clean energy and smart energy mix, distribution and financing operations in China, Peru, Brazil, Pakistan, etc. The Yangtze Power now owns all the power generating assets of the Yangtze Gorges, the Goh Chai Dam, the River River River, and the four power stations running the dam, as well as managing the two rivers of Utunde and White Crane Beach.
Since its inception in 2002, the company has been based on large hydroelectric power carriers. In 2004, the Giga Dam power plant, which is owned by Yangtze, generated 300 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity, became me. By the end of 2021, the company had accumulated a total of six ladder power plants operating in the Yangtze River each year.
26,883 million kWh, of which the three gorge power stations accumulated 10,649 million kWh per year, effectively controlled the State Finance Committee of the State Council for the third time, controlling the shareholders of the Yangtze III Gorge Group Limited of China. The Yangtze Power Control Unit of the Yangtze Three Gorge Group of China Limited held 54,54% of the shares.
The State Council ' s State Assets Supervisory Board, which holds 100% of China ' s Yangtze San Gorge Group Ltd. The main business of the company ' s main battalion is classified by broad category into domestic hydropower and other operations, in which large-scale hydropower operations dominate. According to the mid-2022 report, the company currently has a total capacity of 45,595,000 kW in installed power and water.
In 2021, the company ' s four water basin ladders generated electricity at 20,832 million kilowatt-hours, while the two relayed plants generated 54,561 million kilowatt-hours; in the first half of 2022, the company ' s four water basin ladders generated 95.1 billion kilowatt-hours, a 33 per cent increase compared to the previous year.
In addition to electricity and water, companies actively engaged in strategic investments in the industrial chain up and down and in related emerging areas, achieving investment gains of $5.426 billion throughout 2021 and investment returns of approximately $2.95 billion in the first half of 2022.
From 2020 to 2021, corporate investment was gradually positive, with investment returns of more than $4 billion and $5 billion, respectively, becoming an important tool for companies to deal with water fluctuations in the Yangtze River.
In the first half of 2022, companies achieved business income of $25,388 million, an increase of 27.37 per cent; this was attributed to the public.
In addition, in 2021, the company ran and managed large hydroelectric power plants with a large capacity of up to 200 billion kilowatt-hours. The company now operates and manages large hydroelectric plants.
The three gorge power stations, the Goji dam power station, the Quirot power station, the dam power station, the Utunde power station, the White Crane Beach power station, have broken 200 billion kilowatt-hours a year. And by injecting the White Crane Beach, the Utund power station, the company will further consolidate its leadership, with significant improvements in installed capacity, operating performance, and water utilization.
Figure 7: Distribution of hydroelectric plants Figure 8: Changes in installed capacity due to asset acquisition 2.3 Developments in the hydroelectric sector
Major efforts to develop renewable energy sources have become a major strategic direction and a concerted effort to address global energy transformation and climate change. Hydropower is an important component of renewable energy, and its development will make a positive contribution to advancing the energy revolution and achieving the two-carbon goal.
The industry has an autonomous manufacturing capacity for millions of kilowatt-class water turbines, and the world is leading the world in the design of superhigh dams and large underground tunnels. During the period of the 13th Five-Year Plan, our renewable energy generation has reached 934 million kilowatts, of which 340 million kilowatts are installed, representing about 36 per cent of the renewable energy generation.
During the period of the Fourteenth Five-Year Plan, there were three main directions for the development of the hydropower sector: first, scientific and orderly advancement of the construction of large hydropower bases; second, active promotion of the optimal upgrading of large hydropower stations and utilization of the potential for hydropower regulation; third, integrated promotion of the development of the hydro-winding complex at the South East Hydropower Base. By 2025, conventional hydropower capacity reached 380 million.
Industry entry barriers are high, and state companies dominate. Because of the administrative barriers to the hydroelectric sector and the more stringent requirements for technology and finance, the country has fewer participants in the electricity and water sector market and is dominated by large state-owned electricity companies, including the Yangtze Three Gorges Group, the China Power Group, the Great Tang Group, the China Energy Group, the National Power Exporting Group, the National Energy Investment Group, the National Energy Investment Group, and the World Bank.
Companies themselves are strong and industry leaders. As the largest hydropower company in the country, companies are ranked first in terms of operating income, installed capacity, and power generation, with a market value of more than 500 billion and one of the world’s leading electricity companies.
As a resource-based enterprise, the company has permanent access to the country’s best-quality water resources, and has an irreplaceable role in flood prevention, power generation, shipping, and water recharge. The company has the country’s best-quality hydroelectric power plants, with six mega-hydro power plants operating (including a proxy), with four installed capacity at the top of the world’s 10, with 700,000 kilowatts of water and its superiors.
76 wheeled generators, representing 59.84 per cent of the global crew. Figure 9: Distribution of our thirteen main hydroelectric bases. Figure 10: Global installed capacity of hydropower stations
The company has the largest and technologically advanced water telemetry system in the country, meteorological forecasting system, hydrological forecasting system, communications and automated security system.
Level reservoirs dump water, raise average running water head, increase water utilization, increase power generation at ladder stations; reduce the uncertainty of coming water; achieve basin-wide synergy through stairwells and regional co-locations, and increase the use and production effectiveness of currents. Utungde power station and crane beach power station injection is imminent, and the movement control system changes are expected to increase the scale of power generation.
The promise to inject Utund, White Crane Beach hydroelectric power plants into the company in the future, the Utund, White Crane Beach power station into the company's installation of 100 million kilowatt hours, using 3,815 kilowatt hours; and the White Crane Beach power station with 16 million kilowatts of installed capacity, designed to generate 62.4 billion kilowatt hours a year, using 3,903 hours. In addition, the injection of Utund, White crane beach power stations makes the reservoir ladder level.
The effect of the regional movement control is even more pronounced, and the increase in power generation will be further enhanced. Currently, four power stations, namely, the River River, the dam to the house, the tri-gorge, the dam to the Gojia, and so on, have a unified joint reservoir schedule, with an annual increase of nearly 10 billion kilowatts in water savings, after which all units of the U.T., the crane beach power station will be placed in the post-partum phase and will be managed by the company's integrated movement control and power production.
The Treasury Convergence will further reduce water disposal and increase water utilization. Figure 11: Reduction of water disposal at power stations through joint movement control. Figure 12: Increase of water running at power stations through joint movement control.
On the one hand, corporate intelligence has been expanding its energy mix, and it has been innovatively introducing the urban green integrated energy housekeeper model, actively developing the integrated `source-net charger' system, signing cooperation agreements on smart integrated energy strategies with cities and regions such as Changsa, Hunan, and building and shipping 15 new projects, such as solar storage.
The world's largest electric capacity, charging technology, is the world's first-ever pure electric ship, the Yangtze Three Gorge One, and the hydrogen-fuel-powered ship, the Tri-Gorge One, has successfully completed the design. On the other hand, the company's new energy and extraction operations have opened.
The Great Base project, which insists on sending and receiving power from both ends, promotes the development of new energy business differences. The development of the suburban water and wind and light integration base has been promoted in an orderly manner, leading to an in-depth study of how the water and light can complement each other.
In addition, the company is actively engaged in upstream and downstream industrial chains and related emerging areas, making investment gains of between $4 billion and $5 billion in recent years, effectively smoothing the impact of water fluctuations on the company’s performance.
21 July 2022: the company plans to purchase the Chinese Yangtze Tribute Group Ltd., Yangtze Three Gorge Investment Management Company Ltd., Yunnan Province Energy Investment Group Ltd., Sichuan Province U.S.A.