In the first three quarters of 2022, the Department achieved business income of $41,269 million (+2.03 per cent) and a net profit of $18,944 million to the mother.
Injection of the so-called so-called so-called "U-White Power Station" is expected to lead to a further increase in business efficiency. The company intends to buy 100% of Yunchuan’s shares by issuing shares and paying cash.
Upon completion, the company will add two new hydroelectric plants, Utungde and White Crane Beach, with a combined load of 26.2gw, with a domestic build-up of 71.80gw (+57%).
Then, in the area of joint movement control, the company will move from a "four-bureau" to a "six-bureau" approach, and it is expected that the additional power generation from the movement will increase significantly, with a further increase in profitability and profitability. The energy structure will expand to promote intelligent and integrated energy development.
Development of integrated renewable energy sources for wind and water reservoirs, in-depth operational movement control studies on water and light complementarities; use of the company's core capacity for large hydropower transport, high-quality layout and promotion of pumping energy storage operations; promotion of smart integrated energy operations, and innovation of the urban green integrated energy housekeeper model,
In October 2022, the company was approved for approval to install 1.4 million kilowatts (kW) of the project, mainly for Gansu.
Tasks such as power tungstening, filling, storage, FM, modulation, emergency backup, etc., serve as a safe and secure support point for the safe and stable operation of the clean energy evacuation base in Gansu.
The company was created in September 2002 and placed on the main board in 2003.
Hydropower generation, clean energy and smart combined energy, distribution and financing operations, with large hydroelectric power plants as the main operation, and the largest publicly listed company in the world. As of September 2022, the company owned all of the power-generating assets of the Yangtze Three Gorges, the Goi Chai Dam, the River Lodge and the four hydroelectric dams.
A total of 45.60gw, of which 45.50gw is the capacity of domestic hydroelectrics, and the proportion of the national capacity of hydroelectrics is that the shareholders in the company are the Tri-Firth Group, which effectively controls the State Treasury Committee of the State Council. As of September 2022, the tri-Firth Group held 54.34% of the company ' s shareholdings directly and 3.87% of the company ' s shares through the fully-owned construction workers of the tri-Firth-Firth.
The tri-gorge group is held by 100% of the State Treasury of the State Council, while the State Treasury of the State Council, through the Chinese Nuclear Industry Group, holds 1.15% of the company’s shareholdings, which together hold 59.36% of the Department’s shareholdings and are in actual control of the company. The company’s equity structure is centralized, and the tri-gorge group is large power.
The company can provide financial and resource support for corporate business development, ensure that corporate strategic objectives are met and sound company utilities are installed on a higher scale, and the Roe and Māori rates are stable and at the top of the industry.
By 2021, the size of the Yangtze electric power, tidal power, Guilong electricity, and the total power plant for the nation's power supply was 45.60, 22.95, 10.23, 20.77gw, respectively, with the Yangtze electric power installed on the top scale. In terms of Māori rates, net profit rates, roe, etc., the profitability of the Yangtze electricity is better than comparable companies, while at the same time it is more stable.
Corporate profitability is relatively low and stable, as the company is equipped with utilities and can achieve a “four-pool” combination that effectively smooths water fluctuations and guarantees robust performance growth; on the other hand, it is a strong management and capital allocation capacity of the company, with a sustained increase in investment returns and a steady growth in corporate performance.
Figure 2: Long River electricity versus comparable company installed capacity structure, 2021 (gw) Figure 3: Long River electricity versus comparable company Mäori ratio Figure 4: Long River electricity versus comparable company net interest rate
Figure 5: Poor water availability compared to comparable Roe companies, with revenues and net profits falling significantly in the third quarter. In the first three quarters of 2022, the company achieved operating income of $41,269 million (+2.03 per cent), resulting in net profit for the mother of $18,944 million (-3.18 per cent) and non-return.
The net profit of the mother was $19.15 billion (+5.05%). In the first quarter of the third quarter of 2022, the company achieved its operating income, with a significant negative impact on the same area and a significant decline in the volume of electricity generated by the company. In the third quarter of 2022, the reservoir came to approximately 42,269 million cubic metres of water, which is 20,49% worse than in the same period of the previous year; the three gorge reservoirs came to about 20,49% of the total.
Figure 7: Three-quarter income from Yangtze electricity (billion yuan) Figure 6: Change in income from Yangtze electricity (billion yuan) Figure 9: Change in net profit from single-quarter return from Yangtze electricity (billion yuan)
The Māori rate increased slightly, net interest rates decreased and the cost rate decreased. In the first three quarters of 2022, the company ' s gross use rate was 7.51 per cent in the previous three quarters, a decrease of 1.43 pct over the same period; the management cost rate was lower and net operating cash flow increased in the same year. In the first three quarters of 2022, the company ' s gross use rate was 10.24 per cent.
The same-year decrease of 0.65 pct is due mainly to the impact of lower net interest rates on companies. In cash flows, the first three quarters, the net operating cash flow of companies was $23,970 million (+10.94 per cent), an increase due to the increase in the value of electricity on the Internet on the same basis, the increase in the amount of cash dividends and the maintenance of high rates of dividends payments.
In 2021, the company's cash share was $18,541 million, and the future company will continue to implement the provisions of the Charter of the Company: in principle, the annual cash share of the company is no less than 50% of the profits available to the shareholders in the same year, for each year from 2021 to 2025.
It can be expected that, with the company’s future net profit level increasing, the amount of the company’s cash share will increase further, with a high percentage of the value of the company’s money highlighting the company’s debt, the U.S.U.U. station being injected, and the company’s hydroelectric and water unit being re-innovated. In June 2022, the company released Release.
After this transaction is completed, the company will add two new water and electricity plants, Udongde and White Crane Beach.
Stations, with a combined load of 26.2gw, with a cumulative domestic load of 71.80gw (+57 per cent). According to company announcements, the average electricity generated over the years by Utund and White Crane Beach hydroelectric plants was 624 million and 38.9 billion kWh, respectively, and the amount of additional electricity generated by the company after the injection of the “Ubba” hydroelectric plant assets increased to a total of 101.3 billion kWh.
In addition, with the infusion of “Ubric” power plant assets, the company will move from a “four-bureau” to a “six-bureau” transfer, which is expected to increase significantly. The company will buy 100% of Yunchuan’s equity transactions at a price of billions of yuan (80%), while Yunchuan’s net assets will have a book value of 56.819 billion yuan and pb at 1.42.
Lower than comparable listings can help to safeguard the interests of existing shareholders. Currently, the Corporate Asset Acquisition Program has been approved by the CVM, and it is expected that subsequent asset acquisitions will proceed in an orderly manner, that the size of the company will leapfrog and that the level of profitability and profitability is expected to increase further.
Investment returns have steadily increased, becoming an important driver of growth in corporate performance. For a long time, companies have been active and sound in investing abroad around clean energy, smart energy mixes, industrial chains up and down, investment formation and investment quality have continued to optimize, and returns on investment have been growing. In 2021, companies achieved investment returns.
During the 14th Five-Year Plan, the company will further consolidate, deepen and expand the new development model. In terms of the energy structure, the company will expand from hydropower to the complementarities of wind and water storage to build an integrated development pattern of water and light storage. At the same time, the company will continue to add to the business landscape.
(a) Integrated energy development with strong intelligence from power generation side to user-side integrated services. At present, companies are moving in an orderly way towards integrated renewable energy development for wind and light storage in the lower Jin Sha River, and are conducting in-depth operational movement control studies on the complementarity of water and wind;
Integrated energy operations, innovative roll-out of the urban green integrated energy housekeeper model, positive deployment of the source-net charger system, steady progress, and new momentum for performance development. The company ' s Gansu Pumping Water Storage Station project, which was approved for approval in October 2022, installed 1.4 million kilowatts (kW) of the project, has been tasked primarily with the processing and filling of the Gansu grid.
Vale, storage, FM, RD, emergency backup, etc., serve as a safe and secure support point for the safe and stable operation of the clean energy evacuation base in the western Gansu River region. The company’s extraction of water canisters is gradually declining, and future or promising new projects will continue to grow in size, contributing to the growth of company performance.
3. Access to electricity: reference company ' s past prices, and average Internet prices in the first three quarters of 2022. In this respect, reference is made to depreciation of past assets, fiscal fees, etc., and so on. At the same time, sales costs, fiscal costs, R & D rates, management cost rates, income tax rates are stable, and reference companies ' past levels are considered to have moved forward.
Options for comparable companies: choice of a domestic hydroelectric power plant of the highest size, a national power source, a coronary power source, a future U-White power plant with a potential for further growth in the size of the company, a combination of strong advantages and a strong push for wind and water integration and layout, and creation of additional amounts.
The value was calculated on the basis of more assumptions, especially the fact that the company's business performance in the coming years and its business income were subject to a large number of individual judgements:
1. In relative valuations, we have selected companies that are the same or similar to the company ' s business, compared to comparable public sector 2023pe levels as a reference for comparative valuations, taking into account company growth, with some uncertainty about average industry dynamics, and new energy construction, such as continued high prices of photovoltaic components and intense competition for wind power resources
The company may not be as integrated as expected.3 The construction cycle of the pumping energy project is long, and the construction and delivery of the company ' s pumping energy project may not be as fast as expected, and we have set many parameters for future profitability projections for the company ' s hydropower operations, which are based on history.
Data and personal judgements about future changes: 1. We believe that if electricity marketization does not advance as much as we expect, it may cause electricity prices to float below our expectations, or changes in electricity supply and demand patterns lead to lower prices;
2. The growth in corporate performance may be affected if the water-winding integration project does not grow as expected;3 The poor water conditions during the year of the new energy source may affect the company’s performance in hydropower operations during the year.1 The risk of fluctuations in electricity prices. The price of electricity on the Internet is an important factor affecting the company’s profitability.
Electricity prices are strictly regulated by the Government and may in the future lead to changes in the level of electricity prices to companies as the electricity reforms deepen and the competition for access is implemented, which may affect the level of profitability of companies.2 Macroeconomic downside risks are likely to affect the demand for electricity consumption and lead to electricity if the macroeconomic downturn goes down.
At the same time, electricity supply and demand patterns are biased and may lead to lower electricity prices affecting corporate income Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels: analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding and seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future