Rent adjustment contract with China-Free China Moon Square, 21st of 2023 Long-term benefits from the construction of the port of trade and tax-free off-island development
Keywords: #Territorial Change#Short Assets  Hainan Airport Public Notice to disclose that subsidiary and China are exempt from entering into Lease of Houses Contract: The Company disclosed on the night of 21 March 2023, holding subsidiary Hainanhai Island Business (i.e. tax-exempt and tax-exempt for the company)
The lease agreement between China and China's China Free Holdings Company, the China-China Free-of-Share Company, for the rental of a house in Japan and Moon Square, under which 24.9 million square metres of housing are to be exempted from rent-free operations off the island, was changed from 1 May 2022 to 1 May 2022.
The market-based rent framework is expected to contribute to a significant increase in real rent revenue for the island’s businesses. After the renewal of the contract, rents are calculated using a deduction model, and rent increases in rents for the city’s squares can be expected:
According to the company’s annual report, in 2021, the market for the square was set at $10.5 billion, and we estimated that the market for the square was 8 billion yuan in 2021.
Eight billion yuan, or about 240 million yuan in rent. The future rent and tax-free sales in the square of the Sun and Moon are tied to the size of the sale, benefiting from the expansion of the off-island tax-free scale.
At the airport, the San Phoenix airport terminal and the expansion of the tax-free area support performance growth, and the policy dividend is expected to continue after the island's closure.
Hainan Airport (600515), global congenial duty-free store rent deduction rate reduced by market-based profitability projection and investment rating: maintenance of Hainan Airport ' s 2022-2024 profit forecast
The principle is to promote the cdf square of the Sun, which is 15.6/11.15.1 billion yuan, equivalent to 30/42/31 times the price. The tax-free shop in the square has landed and will grow in the future.
To continue the recovery of the Hainan cruise to the island and the non-promotion of the TCP policy dividend.
The Hong Kong Stock Exchange Company, Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission, has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.