Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research Centre Purchase (first rating) In-house adjustment of multiple energies, brand rejuvenation of future prospects
It's been 25 years since it was put on the market, it's been difficult, it's been booming, it's been back in 2017, and it's now on the road to a promising brand revival. In 18 years, the company has achieved business income of $13.55 billion (+25.60%), and it's a net parent.
The correctness of the strategic choice is the central driver of the firm’s rapid recovery of growth, which is also the best guarantee of robust growth in the future. Fifteen years of firm strategy for five monolithics, and a firm two-brand battle in recent years, the company’s strategy is clear.
We believe that, against the backdrop of 14 years of sharp decline in corporate performance, the clarity of key strategies does help to chart the future direction of business, while rationalizing corporate resources and accelerating the recovery of performance. In a time of stable performance, the strategic direction is to stay the same as the robust growth of future performance.
The best guarantee is that 18 years of steady growth in performance will be a test of this conclusion; High-end, sub-high-end double-hungry power will drive firm growth in corporate performance. The cellar has 1573 on high-end fronts, branding power and value for money, leaving space and product structure as low-yield production is somewhat limited to the country's customers.
In the 19th year of the spring sugar session, the company set a target of two billion dollars for the state cellar, the state cellar, and the state cellar.
Improved marketing controls have accelerated the development of national markets. The original model (segregated by region, shares held by distributors, sales and market openings) is more regulated by distributors.
With the transformation into a brand-only model in 2015, companies have increasingly strengthened their dealers’ controls, developed a more complete system of appraisals, and streamlined end-price systems have laid the foundation for performance growth. The company is now based on the Kawasaka base market, accelerating the opening of other weak markets, and it is hoped that Southwesters will learn from the future.
In a two-brand strategy, we believe that companies will continue to operate at the top and sub-tops, with their product structures becoming superior, and that, in combination with the gradual rationalization of corporate channels in recent years, we have set the basis for performance growth.
I. Deeply retrace the history of the old cellar and explore the path of brand growth and decline The wine industry started in Qin Han, flourished in Tang Song, flourished in Mingqing, developed in the new China, long history, long history, long history.
It has been formed in a public-private partnership, and has been on the market for 25 years now, through a period of extremely high growth and a long fall, and in 2017, the company regained its 10 billion-dollar camp and is now on a path towards a good brand renaissance.
On the other hand, it is important and necessary to review and analyse the history of older clients in depth, given that history allows for forward-looking predictions of the future prospects of corporate development.
In May 1954, the Sichuan State Brewer Factory, a company specializing in Sichuan Province, joined with the Sichuan State First Brewer Factory, and the Sioux State Brewer State Brewer Factory, which was inaugurated on August 28, 1990.
In June 1993, the first publicly listed joint stock company in the Sichuan wine industry was set up under the exclusive initiative and reorganization of the former Sichuan wine factory.
In 1994, the name was changed to “Shelves in Penang State” and in the same year, the old cellar in Chenzhou went to the market as the first share of the wine in the river. “Wanted wine” changed to “Hour” and a strategic failure led to a decline in income.
In the early '90s, the price of our famous wine program was liberalized to suit the public purchasing power at the time in order to raise the volume of white wine sales.
Interest rates have declined gradually (the Māori rate fell to 27.2% in 94), while the prices of the huts and the five grains have increased several times. While production and sales did increase rapidly in the early stages of the popular branding strategy, the threshold for public access to alcohol was lower, the end sales were more disorderly and difficult to manage, coupled with low- and medium-end positioning.
Business image, companies are losing their pre-existing advantage in high-end markets. In the late 1990s, corporate performance declined steadily, with revenues falling by 22.7 to 827 million yuan in 1998, while the size of the five grains continued to grow over the same period, widening the gap with the cellars.
The company’s management made a strategic plan to re-engineer its high-end image and return to the first-line drinking camp, and in 1999 launched the high-end white wine, the “National cellar 1573”, re-entering the famous wine market.
The company’s focus on resources since 2001 has been fully supportive of the development of the country’s customer 1573, and the revenue of the department has been growing since 2001. In 1999-2002, the cellar was rapidly reshaped.
The high-end brand image, the continued expansion of the product distribution of national guests 1573, the continuous development of downstream channels, the increase in the number of product sales workers, and the significant increase in the cost of sales (a substantial investment from 11.58 per cent in 1998 has made the country ' s 1573 channel sufficiently strong and the market position more secure)
This strategy proved to be the right one, with the encumbrance of the cellars laying down a solid foundation for the next business to take off, and the beginning of the golden decade in the old cellars of Kyushu. 2003-2012: the two-brand strategy plus the spring model, with the golden decade growing fast.
\triangleright strips the non-white business and focuses its resources back to the main business.
Shop services, real estate, etc.. While the share of non-principal business is relatively low, the rate of Maori in non-principal business is relatively lower than in the white business, especially glass and real estate, where it is only about 10-20%, while in the white business it is more than 50%.
Business drags on company performance, coupled with the inability of resources to focus fully on white wine, and corporate profitability constraints. Since 2002, companies have gradually dissipated these non-prime businesses, and the white wine business has gradually increased (up from 99% in 2005), and business streamlining has helped them to move away from the development traps of many years.
In 2007, the Department decided to adjust its strategy for development, which had previously been based on the cellar, to implement the cellars of 1573 and Xiangzhou.
The two-brand strategy, which is accompanied by a Chinese customer who plays the high-end white wine market, and the high-end feature. Prior to that, the company’s main strategy was to develop the cellar, so the resource base was basically concentrated, and there were restrictions on branding, and on the promotion of channels.
After that, the company increased its input into the development of the feature brand, but for a variety of reasons (internal positioning + competition in the foreign sector), the feature developed less than expected, and the company’s main revenue contribution continued to come from the national cellar.
The value of the country's 1573 as a core monolith is outstanding, driving companies to continue to grow their performance. The country's 1573 as a central monolith has always been the company's, and since the “Focus of the Nation” strategy in 2001, the company has invested more heavily in promoting branding and marketing, with high marketing costs.
This increase (23.42 per cent in 2001, compared with 5.94 pct). In 2004, the company established a national customer 1573 promotion commissioner in various sales areas, and continued to increase market inputs, with sales rates re-innovated to reach 25.02 per cent (2003-2012 highest sales rates).
But precision in market channels provides a solid foundation for subsequent brand development. In 2006, companies introduced their first stock-holding policy in the white wine industry, creating alliances of producers, deep binding of distributors’ interests, and significantly increasing the motivation and loyalty of distributors.
The strategic direction, the investment of resources, the development of channels, or the success of the distributor’s incentives, have benefited most from the large monolithic cellars, while the continued high growth in corporate income has also benefited from the strong impetus of the State’s 1573 vaults. Between 2003 and 2011, the cellars increased more than 1573 times.
Plant prices, from $268 per bottle in 2003 to $889 per bottle in 2012, have also been raised year by year, with high efficiency performance and a strong boost to corporate performance as a whole. The specials have returned to value, but have been constrained by the lack of pre-existing resources and external competition in the later period.
Prior to 07, corporate resources focused on sending home-to-country alcohol series, the lack of access to the specials limited their advance development, and branding and channel promotion were relatively inadequate. The annual inclusion of the special series into the high-end series of the statements (up from 50% in '08)
In 2010, the upgraded product "The Year of the Cedars" was introduced, with a plan to fill the price belts of the super-high white wine, and to bring back the value of the classic special, but because of the previous special, the populars and consumers did not have a high-end identity for their high-end editions.
The white wine market is highly competitive, and the pre-discovery channels are poorly configured, and some competitors (such as the ocean river) are starting to lose their share of the market. In an effort to recover their lost share of the market, at the end of 2010, the company launched the 100-year-old cellar wine series to locate the national cellar.
The empty market left by the upgrading of 1573 brands is growing rapidly. The new scavenging and price belts overlap with the special series. The fast growth of saloons has had a certain impact on the specials. Under the influence of the inner saloons and external competitors, the special market is occupied.
In 2006, the company launched its stock-holding policy, which was created in 1999.
It is a continuation of the original shareholding policy, extending the interest to salesmen and more dealers.
For example, Bo is responsible for the sale of low-end products, and for the sale of middle-end and high-end products such as the specials, the cellars, etc.
The division supplied the company directly at discounts and cancelled the previous return points, the wine policy, and the company was responsible for marketing and marketing, while sharing the results of the sale. The profit margin of the company came from discounts on the one hand, and from price increases on the company's products on the other.
The formula can be understood as the company “outsourced” its terminal sales to the company, and is regulated by systems, contracts, benefits, etc. Advantages: innovation through the spring model and enhancement of the company’s core competitiveness.
The company has reduced the number of sales workers and significantly reduced personnel expenditure; (2) cancelled supplies from the company, returned wine and made direct concessions, which, while reducing the rate of increase in sales income, have also reduced the consumer tax base: (3) marketing in the various sectors is done by the company, which is responsible for the area.
A better understanding of the local market would increase efficiency in the use of marketing costs; (4) through price increases shared with distributors, it would reduce the resistance of distributors to price increases on products, while increasing the motivation of distributors.
(b) There is a balance of interests between the equity distributor and the unparticipating distributor, which may well affect the motivation of the distributor; and
Wide, direct low-price sales can interfere with the market price system for corporate products. The Quantico model mobilizes a great deal of motivation on the part of distributors and salesmen, but it can also lead to confusion on the part of distributors.
From an industry-wide perspective, along with the rapid growth of our economy, the white wine industry has deepened its structure by improving its backward production levels and management mechanisms, and the industry has gradually moved out of the low. Since 2005, the white wine industry has been experiencing a period of sustained and rapid growth, and the economy as a whole is functioning well.
Especially in the context of rising consumption perceptions, medium- and high-end white wine has been growing rapidly. In the years 05-12, corporate incomes and profits have continued to rise, with two brands of strategic contributions, the price of which is discounted), but the scale of revenue has risen rapidly, driven by volume.
There are a number of potential risks to the Quantino model, but the gains from increased marketing activity in the current period are far greater than the risks, combined with the rapid development of the 1573 under-brand strategy, where company performance is showing high growth. Overall, from 2003 to 2012, the Quanzhou cellar opened.
Revenue rose from 1,177 million yuan to 11,556 million yuan, with a compound annual increase of 28.9 per cent and a significant decline in profitability, with all kinds of problems arising from mispricing. In December 2012, the Political Bureau of China held a meeting in Beijing, and the introduction of the eight regulations led to a sharp drop in demand for government consumption and a major disruption.
High-end white wine market. In the larger context of industry’s deep adjustment, high-end white wine, such as a poo, and five grain fluids, is controlled by the price of the factory, while the old cellar in Chenzhou raises the price against the price. In September 2013, the company raised the price of the national cellar, 1573 from $889/bottle to $999/bottle, and pressed the channel, as compared to the puddle,
At this point, the potential risks of the spring model are beginning to become apparent:
The old cellar has less control over the company, and the fall in the terminal price has led to a collapse in the price of the channel, a loss in profits, and a shortage of terminal surveillance staff, which has led to a significant loss of traffic across the area, as well as a loss of distributors. The confusion in the channel has led to a sharp drop in the sales of white wine and high-end white wine.
At the same time, management began to take stock of the problem and made internal adjustments in the second half of 2014.
In response to the problem of stocks of medium- and high-end product channels, the Department has concentrated on resolving the problems of customers in the previous period by helping distributors to speed up the transition of their consumption channels and returning them to their businesses.
Weaknesses, the cellar pushes the distributors to set up a series of product companies, such as a specials company and a wine company of the age of the cellars, to gradually dilute the effect of the geysers. The company, while advancing its internal reforms in a timely manner, failed to save its performance in 2014 (a sharp decline in performance in the first half of the year, the adjustment was introduced in the second half of the year, but it has not yet had a significant effect).
The road to recovery has laid a solid foundation. Until 2013, the specials and above were of high quality, and the following were of low quality; after 2013, the guests of the state were of high quality, the specials and cellars were of medium quality and the others were of low quality.
1.2 The effectiveness of management change has been highlighted by the return to the 10 billion camps The new management is experienced and overhauled in its organizational structure, products, and marketing. Liu Xing and Linfeng were replaced by a new director and general manager at the end of June 2015.
Both are from the marketing system and have fought for more than 20 years on the old customer sales front. After taking office, the new management was quickly reformed, along the lines of the “Four Three Lines One” (General Command, General Equipment, General Administration, Governor's Direction), three brand lines of high-end, middle-end and low-end branding, one.
Innovative development centres) optimized the organizational structure of the entire marketing system of the company, strengthened the management and support of the front end of the sale, creating a high-, medium- and low-end whole system of sales front-end operations that are dominated by four major brand companies, namely, the country ' s guests, the customer ' s age, the specials, and Bo.
Changes are required, with the addition of post-sales services such as the Department of Marketing Management, the Department of Examinations and Training, the Department of Audit and the Department of Membership Management, which has resulted in an overall improvement in the efficiency of marketing decision-making, the speed of market response and the level of business services.
A review mechanism has been put in place to speed up the restructuring and expansion of the company marketing team, which has grown from less than 1400 in 2014 to more than 6,000 in 2017.
The incentive system continues to improve, and the company’s performance is returning. • Streamlining brand business. Clarify the five singles strategy. The new management proposes a product strategy for the “three lines, five super monoliths,” namely: strengthening the country’s customers, 1573, the country’s seniors, the country’s seniors (specials, headlines, and II).
Three major brand lines, focusing on the five super-monsters of the country, 1573 wines, specials, headlines, and twos. In line with the implementation of the big one-size strategy, the brand “Lindness” has been advanced, the existing product has been cleaned up, consolidated, phased out, and nearly 2,000 bar codes frozen.
At the end of 2017, the company set up the Xiangzhou brand revival team, headed by Liu Xing, to bring the specials up to the same strategic level as the Qingzhou cellar, with a firm two-year income of $10,395 million and a return to the 10 billion camp.
The vision has been broadened and has now evolved into a “five monoliths” + “breeding” + “inventive wines” with two wings of product structure, with different brands positioned, focused on resources, precision, direction, and increasing corporate brand influence.
In 2014, the old cellars promoted distribution, created a series of product companies, such as the specials company, the scaffolding company, and gradually downplayed the model. In January 2015, the new management set up the national scaffold branding company, which began to promote branding in its entirety.
The branding model retains the advantages of the company, which is still financed by the former distributors, but the end-of-the-scaling system is implemented every year, and shares are adjusted according to ranking. In addition, the company reduces the channel to two levels, solidifies the distributor's profits, while the company is able to pay for it.
To set up their own marketing teams, actively invest in markets, maintain terminals, and strengthen corporate control over distributors, terminal points, and price systems. On the one hand, firm control over the end-of-end is significantly enhanced and cost-investment is more efficient, while avoiding price run-off;
On the other hand, the exclusive management of corporate brands has made brands more specialized and sophisticated, with differentiated marketing of products from one location to the other, allowing the full value of each brand to be realized. Revenue returns to the 100 billion camps, and brand rejuvenation is imminent.
Driven by a monolithic strategy and branding model, corporate performance has continued to grow since 2015, with revenues of $10,395 million in 17 years and a return to the billion-dollar camp. 18 years of corporate sales, the Division's firm dual brand strategy (the national cellar, the Penang cellar), and we believe that future corporate products will remain stable.
The structure will be further optimized, and the share of medium- and high-end products is expected to rise further, while there is room for upswing in prices, and firm performance is expected to grow steadily. Second, white wine is expected to usher in a new wave of development opportunities.
2.1 The white wine industry has undergone three rounds of adjustment since its reform and opening: (1) 1997-2004: the gradual transition of the economic system to a market economy with the reform and opening of the country.
Rapid growth has been accompanied by such undesirable problems as excessive competition and disorderly growth in the industry. After entering the Ninth Five-Year Plan, the country has introduced a degree of macro-regulation in the white wine industry, which has been affected by the Asian financial crisis and deflation, leading to a gradual decline in production in the white wine industry (2).
2008-2009: A short-term decline in the growth rate of the white wine industry as a result of the global financial crisis of 08, and a further 4 trillion stimulus packages in 2009 that boosted the economy and led to an improvement in the basics of the white wine, a round of adjustment that was largely influenced by external macro-environmental impacts and a relatively short period of adjustment (3).
Controlling the “3cs” of spending and savings has limited the demand for high-end white wine consumption, super-high-end alcohol sales, slowing industry growth, at a time when many alcohol businesses are operating to varying degrees, and the industry is entering adjustment periods.
Chart 27: Over the years, white wine production and its rate of increase (thousands of litres) have risen, and the number of white wine businesses of more than size has declined (1445 in 2018, a decrease of 148), so that the Statistical Office has different statistical calibres per year, with a cumulative increase of 3.1 per cent over 18 years.
National statistical offices continue to publish the same cumulative data. Because of the difference in the statistical calibre of national statistical offices, the rate of increase of the same year has been adjusted, and self-calculated increases of the same year have been different from and significantly different from the rate of the same year of the same year of the publication. Here, the logic of the recovery of white wine, using the same speed of the Wind/National Statistical Office, is based on the real consumption demand of the population, the rational filling of stocks through the channels, and the need for investment.
The price increases are a reflection of the market’s lag in demand for the boom, and high-end whites are either starting to improve significantly during the spring of 2015. For example, high-end whites, q2 were at the heart of the drive to accelerate the price hikes in 2016.
At the end of year q1 and the beginning of q2, the price of the q2 started to be strengthened, and the price of the q1 and demand was resonanced and accelerated; the high-end varieties of the quench 5 grain fluids and the cellar 1573 benefited significantly from the acceleration of the price increase, while the policy mix and channels associated with the build-up of the manufacturers and the consolidation of the overall increase in the price of the white wine were tightened.
So far, almost three years have passed. In 2018, a total of about 56,000 tons of high-end white wine was still growing, and given the robust rise in per capita income (comparable to real consumption attributes) and long-term monetary easing (comparable investment attributes), we believe that the continued expansion of high-end white wine should be an approximate event.
High-end white wine will re-enter the development upper-line.
2.2 High-end white wine patterns are strong and sub-high-ends are expected to divide. The white wine industry is too fragmented, its concentration is expected to increase further, and the industry has benefited its leaders. According to the National Statistical Office, in January-December 2018, there were 1,445 white wine businesses of our size and above, which were sold.
The sales revenue was $53,633.8 million, an increase of 12.88 per cent over the same period. The market share of the white wine industry in 2018 was calculated on the basis of a 14.4 per cent share of the market in Guozhou, with five grain fluids, and a 2.5 per cent share of the old cellars in Suzhou, with only 24.3 per cent of the total, and a further increase in concentration is expected.
As a result of the rapid growth of our economy, the rising levels of income and rational consumption of our urban and rural inhabitants have led to an accelerated escalation in the consumption structure, a greater appreciation of the cultural background, the reputation of the brand and the quality of the product for the consumption of white wine, a gradual shift in end-use towards higher-end and medium-end alcohol, and a focus on the industry.
According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the share of high-end white wine and sub-high-end white wine consumed in 2017 fell by 12.21%, and consumption rose significantly. High-end white wine: the competitive pattern is stronger.
In recent years, Mao Dai's share in the high-end white wine market has remained at more than 50%. Since 2008, when the price of Mautai has officially exceeded the price of five grains, Mao Dai's strong position has been consolidated and the market share has gradually risen to the top of China.
The annual production of base alcohol has fallen by 13.59%, and we expect production to grow in the years 2018-2019, with very limited space, which will provide a margin for growth between the five grains and the country’s customers, 1573. In 2018, the market share at the top of the base was 64.2%, a slight drop of 2.6 pct from 2017, and the five grains.
The 1573 share of fluids and cellars increases by 2.3 and 0.3 per cent respectively. We believe that, given the limited production of pots, the 1573 share of grains and domestic guests will have some development opportunities. The market pattern will continue to be dominated by huts, while the ratio of five grains to cellars will be more current.
Subliminal: It is expected to split under intense competition. The price belt of the sub-high white wine (300-500 yuan) is between the line of high white wine (over $500) and the general consumer price belt, so its future development is highly correlated with the trend of the two price bands, especially the high-end white wine.
The high-end white wine is the starting price belt for changing the white wine industry cycle (the core is the poo-led), as the high-end white wine price belt (the batch-driven terminal price up) has moved up as a whole, and the second-end white wine has reached a period of easing. At present, the second-high-end white wine industry has a relatively large number of businesses, and the pattern is relatively high.
More fragmented, more competitive, better-branded or better-channeled companies are looking to take the lead, and the lower end is expected to split. Chart 32: The concentration of the white wine industry in 2018 is still scattered.
Chart 33: The White Wine industry is gradually focusing on the higher and the lower end of the industry ' s total volume of production in 2018 and above, and is split here according to the proximate and high end ratio
2.3 Private consumption rises, market channels diversify, business and private consumption dominates, and the market returns to rationality. As a result of our traditional culture, the main consumption demand for white wine in the past came from government demand, with more than half of the high-end use of white wine.
The share of white alcohol consumption in the supply of special supplies, group purchases, and some businesses and distributors was as high as 40% by 2012. In 2012, the country stepped up its anti-corruption efforts, the consumption of three publics was severely restricted, the demand for white wine fell steeply, and commercial and private consumption became alcohol.
In the current consumption structure, according to IQR, government consumption is only 5%, while commercial consumption is 50% and private consumption 45% respectively. Faced with the rapid transformation of the consumption structure, despite widespread damage to alcohol in the short term, brand values and strong financial power have made it possible
The shift in consumption structure has led to a virtuous development path for the white wine industry. The development model has accelerated change, and marketing channels have expanded.
In addition to traditional restaurants, tobacco hotels, supermarkets, allied channels, electricity channels, etc., the concept of cooperation, union, sharing, etc., is deeply embedded in the white wine industry. So, today's white wine industry is proposing a much higher marketing model for alcohol companies.
It is only through continuous innovation, optimization, adaptation, and adaptation that the industry will be able to position itself in order to find a higher market share. Chart 36: White wine consumption by 2012 is dominated by demand for government
Figure 37: Commercial and private consumption gradually dominates.
Since 2015, companies have firmly pursued competitive marketing strategies, five monolithic strategies, and two branding strategies. In recent years, the country has seen high sales, high profits and good growth, and the state of Xinzhou's old inquisitories and silos have maintained their rapid momentum and have succeeded in recovering their headlines and diagonals.
Matrixs, high-end coverage, medium-end and low-end markets, product structure optimization, medium-end and high-end product occupancy, and continued upscaling, driving companies to re-innovate their sales performance. National cellars: Firm high-end markets are the main drivers of growth in corporate performance
\triangleright has developed an important engine for the company, and the rich product matrix has continued to improve its performance. \trän
As a result, the country’s customer series has been positioning high-end white wine markets from the very beginning, growing rapidly under strong corporate nurturing. In 2013, the company failed to properly judge the industry’s upturn to $999 per bottle, leading to a delay in the sale of wine in the country’s cellar, with sales revenue falling by 68.8 per cent in 2014.
Starting with a gradual recovery and steady annual growth. From 2014 to 2018, revenue from the sale of wine in the national cellar increased from $898 million to $637.8 million, with an annual compound growth rate of 63.2%, and the Māori ratio of products from 82.31% has now become an important engine for growth in corporate performance.
In 2019, the company added 568 items to the national cellar camp, increased the price of 1,000 places, and further refined the national cellar product matrix, 1573 prices.
The idea has become clearer. At the moment, there is no adjustment to the price of the factory. Adding more and more high-end new products can boost the sales ton while meeting consumer demand for upgrading.
In order to further analyse the end demand for high-end white wine, we divide consumer end-use behaviour into three categories: collection, gift, and home-drinking. According to data from the National Gold Securities Research Innovation Centre, the consumer's consumer bank is 1573.
The ratio for gift delivery is significantly higher than the ratio for collection and self-drinking: the ratio for gift delivery is over 60%, the ratio for self-drinking is about 20-30%, while the ratio for collection is no more than 10% (the consumer prefers higher-priced kowtow wine in the collection).
Mautai, Five Grain: The Treasury needs more than 60% of the gift service, about 40-60% of the gift service, and about 30-50% of the gift service. The cellar locates high-end markets, with a better branding than the top-end market, and five grain fluids, with a difference in the value of the end demand.
It also provides a room for growth for the country’s customers, 1573. Figure 41: The Treasury’s 1573 Consumer Behaviour Ratio. Research and Innovation Center’s technology-based online data, but not below-line data.
In terms of price strategy, Mao has a core pricing power for the high-end white wine market, while the five grain fluids, and the old cellars of Kyushu, have followed price-following strategies that seek to increase market share while prices rise.
In 2016-2018, through a series of controls and price adjustments, the pits continued to raise prices and end prices for the country’s 1573 classics, and brand values were further raised.
In terms of sales, at the end of 2014, the company formed a national branding company dedicated to the development of dealers with strong business skills, a high level of corporate identity, and good executive power. Since 2016, the company has raised the entry threshold for distributors, reducing the income scale in the admission test, and placing greater emphasis on team management.
The ability to implement policies, etc., phase out underperforming distribution teams that are unable to implement price policies, while increasing profit from channels. At present, the company’s profit stream shows a certain inversion, but the company continues to invest more of its distributor’s costs (which has been rising in recent years).
In recent years, companies have regulated distributors strictly, firmly enforcing the terminal quota system and the two-track system, controlling supply, demand, and sales at the company level.
Figure 44: The price of the pits has been rising since 2016 (in yuan/bottles) Figure 45: Profits from the Treasury 1573 channel (in yuan/bottles) to benefit from industry development and internal adjustment reforms, and it is expected that there will still be much room for growth in the cellar in the future: (1)
The combination of brand power and value for money is expected to continue to expand as private consumption flourishes; (2) there are signs of a steady rise in the current trend towards a steady increase in the price of the five grains, the cellars, and the price of the huts; the profits of the channels are expected to improve and the elasticity of performance is to be released; and (3) the company continues to move forward.
The upgrading of the national cellar series of innovations, the continued optimization of the product structure, the need to diversify and upgrade the product while continuously raising the price of the product in tonnage, and the gradual harmonization of the distribution channels with the introduction of the branding monopoly model in 2015 are expected to sustain the strength of the country's customers, 1573.
Treasure: Re-entry of positioning values, emphasis on product upgrading, firm dual branding strategy, and high-profile positioning. Under the company’s forward strategy, resources were not available, and the feature was not rapidly developed at an early stage.
In 2015, a multiplicity of intra-company adjustments led to the creation of a special brand company, with a clear strategy of five monolithics.
In November 2017, a special leadership group was set up to rejuvenate the Treasure brand, with Liu Xing as Chairman and Lim as Vice-President, and to launch the 60th edition of the Treasure Series. In 2018, the Treasures re-emphasized the two-brand strategy and elevated the status of the Treasure, which is expected to evolve gradually in the follow-up development.
In recent years, high-end retail prices for white wine have been rising, leaving room for sub-higher development and moving overall prices under the influence of rising consumption. For the last two years, the special series has been raising prices, pushing brand values back on a continuous basis: after Spring 2017, the old word is the final price.
In January, June and December, respectively, the company went up to Henan Province for settlement and terminal prices; and in 2019 it continued to push forward with the old word.
The company’s firm dual-brand strategy remains unshakable, and continues to push for the special brand, which is expected to open up new development opportunities as the sub-high ends expand and the overall price belt moves up. Strengthening end-course controls and overall promotion of brand renewal is expected until 2015.
On the one hand, different product-sharing channels can be difficult to implement differentiated delivery, resources can be difficult to flow to more vulnerable features that require much-needed input: on the other hand, companies have less control over the market.
In 15 years, companies have gradually replaced the Fountain model with a brand-based model. Under the new marketing model, the feature focuses on strengthening end-control, increasing the number of front-line sales workers, increasing end-control capacity, laying the foundation for the special-strength price, and helping to revive the camp.
In sales, since 2018, the company has linked the specials to "China's Taste" and has conducted a number of competitions, and has produced a series of dietary and cultural documentaries, such as "The Twilight of the Twilight" and "Cooking Words" and "The Bends of the Favorite Man" .
High, pro-brand power and customer development, and a comprehensive push for the specialization of the brand. Soldier age: positioning business elites, moving prices, pushing performance up, precision card tops, and growing branding.
The old state cellar wine series, which plans to fill the void left by the upgrading of the 1573 brand of the cellar, markets, precision card bits, product location in business elites, is growing rapidly. After being a member of the company's five singles, the old cellars are growing rapidly.
In the context of rising consumption, the company continuously optimizes the product structure of the wine of the wine of the wine of the wine of the suction, which is 90-year-olds, 60-year-olds and 30-year-olds.
In October 2016, in response to the trend of expanding the mid-to-high end market and increasing consumption, the company optimized the 100-year-old cellar wine, introducing new packagings, new positionings, new models.
The company continues to promote the optimal upgrading of the wine of the age of the cellar, increasing its brand value. It is also responsible for the strict control of the distribution system, which continues to drive down channels and market cultivation. The wine of the age of the cellar consists of three products.
When you realize this, the company turns its focus to "60 years and the cellar."
In 2013, after a company mispricing, distributors lost a lot of money, first-class distributors and terminals dropped out of their scaffolding brands, and in recent years, as the scaffolding market continued to grow with heat.
The distributors have expanded successfully, and their performance is gradually moving towards a period of renewed growth. In the case of distributor management, the customer wines have developed a well-developed performance appraisal system for dealers and have adopted a phase-out system for distributors, with strict control over downstream distributors.
High-quality distributors are recruited in the primary market, provincial, local, and expanding market coverage. Strict marketing controls and the continuous distribution of the channel system help to improve the performance of the scaffolds.
In November 2018, and April 2019, the company raised the price for the highest price range by 90 years, hitting 500-600 dollars in blank.
After 90 years of price increases, the price of the first product of the wine and the special will be staggered again, and the price of both will complement each other and together form the upper-end product camp of the old cellars in Kyushu. Since 2014, the company ' s second-highest income has continued to rise, rising from 586 million yuan to 3,675 million yuan in 2018, with a year-on-year compound growth rate.
The Māori rate has also increased from year to year. During the 19th Spring Sugar Conference, the company set a two-billion-dollar development target for the state cellars and the Quanzhou cellars, and we expect that the company ' s sub-tops will continue to function and contribute to steady growth in its performance.
In addition to the low-end brand headlines and duo, in recent years the share of low-end alcohol revenues has declined, from 70.4 per cent in 2014 to 21.8 per cent in 2018, and the company continued to push in 2018, as the structure of the company ' s products continues to be optimized, high-end, sub-high-end dual-strengths, and co-help companies regain their brands.
3.2 Based on the Southwest Base Market, we have accelerated the nationalization process, which in recent years has accelerated the nationalization of the Cedars, further promoting the cultivation of regionalized markets, attacking empty markets, and consolidating mature markets. Corporate sales are concentrated in South West and Central China.
The Southwest region is more mature with the North China region, where growth has slowed somewhat in recent years, and China’s East and South China regions, which are relatively small, are expected to grow rapidly in the future, driven by the company’s “down-east-south” strategy. The Southwest market is the company’s main base, and the market is the strongest.
The firm, the Xiangzhou cellar, has a strong position in the south-west region (Thona region) and, after decades of deep cultivation, the south-west market has become the most mature and central market for companies. In 2017, the south-west market achieved revenue of 3,969 million yuan, representing a 38 per cent income ratio, far beyond other regional markets;
From a profit perspective, the Māori contribution of the south-west market reached 42 per cent in 2017, the Māori rate was 79.38 per cent, exceeding the company ' s combined Māori rate (71.93 per cent), and the level of profitability was more prominent. We believe that the reasons for the success of the south-west market were the following: (1) influenced by the country ' s traditional culture.
White wine consumption has a certain geographical dimension, with the old cellars in Lianzhou serving as local brands with a strong brand, long history and easier to accept and endorse by local consumers; (2) the company's early distribution of the southwest market, where large pre-costs were invested to lay the foundation for later regional development and continued cultivation for decades.
China’s market is growing rapidly, and China’s northern market revenues are rising steadily. The Chinese and China-North are the more competitive areas in the country’s white wine competition, and various liquor departments, such as Su, Kawa, and others, are fighting.
The market share. The company’s Chinese market achieved its operating income of 2,794 million yuan in 2017, a significant increase of 186.6% over the same year, which was the second largest market after the southwest, with 27%. Unlike China’s rapid growth, China’s northern market’s income growth was more stable.
In the future, as marketing channels continue to improve and profitability improve, the country's market development has been accelerated.
Millions of yuan, or 16%), are also relatively less profitable, and the Māori rate is much lower than in the other three markets. But from a long-term development perspective, China East and South China, as two regions of the country where consumption is relatively high, high-end white wine has great development opportunities and space.
The cellar has proposed a “down-to-south-east” strategy to increase efforts to develop the South-East and East-South markets, and to actively optimize production pricing and pipeline strategies. We believe that, as firms invest more and channels are optimized, the South-East and China-South markets are expected to grow faster.
Internal/external, so the area splits only until 2017. Four, peer-to-peer business is robust, brand revival is on track, 4.1 business is more robust, and profitability is growing year by year.
After a price-fixing strategy failure in 2013, the company suffered a severe setback, and the income scale gradually fell out of the top three in the white industry. In 2017, the company recovered 10 billion dollars, which, in terms of sales revenue, was lower than in Guizhou than in Guotai, Five Grain fluids, River Ocean shares, and Syon Farming, ranking fifth.
To further ascertain the ability of companies to develop, we will compare the top five high-quality companies with the industry’s revenues. In recent years, corporate incomes have been growing steadily, with a growth rate similar to that of the huts and the five grains.
In 2015, the company changed its management to a new one, with a steady increase in performance after internal multiple adjustments (+21.3 per cent) and smooth agriculture (+2.9 per cent). In our view, the reasons for the steady growth in revenue in the old cellars of Kyushu in recent years are: (i) multiple changes within the company in 2015, with a clear definition of five monolithic strategies.
At the same time, the reform has been effective in adjusting the model of the Fountain to the branding model, and it has contributed to a faster recovery of the company’s performance; (2) high-end, sub-high-end dual-hungry power, which has contributed to a steady increase in performance.
The state cellar space is gradually opened and the performance is released; the special, the silo age, after the high-end wine price has been raised, the overall price is shifted and, as the sub-high body size expands, it is expected that brand values will return: (3) better control of distributors and speed up the development of nationalized markets.
Business regulation, development of a more sophisticated appraisal system, rationalization of the terminal price system to lay the foundation for performance growth; building on the Kawasaka base market to speed up the opening of other weak markets, with the prospect of accelerating the national chemical process in the future, drawing on the development experience of the Southwest mature market.
Robust growth corridors, with rising levels of profitability. In 2015, the company ' s Māori rate was 49.4%, and far from it, the company ' s Māori rate was rising, mainly due to the continued optimization of the product structure (high-end alcohol receipts increased from 17.9% in 2014 to 49.6% in 2018) and the continued increase in the price of tons of products.
From now on, the Māori rate is much higher in Guizhou than in other companies, with Māori rates exceeding 90%, mainly due to the high price of Māori and the 90% income from Māori. We believe that the company ' s product structure continues to be optimized, high-end, sub-high-end dual-haired, low-end products continue to thin, and future Māori will continue to grow.
The rate is expected to increase further. Sales costs are higher than those of peers due to increased market placement, and management costs are lower in the industry. At the end of the spectrum, management costs are lower in the industry, with 18-year management costs
The company’s sales cost rate has continued to rise (from 2015 evenly). In our view, the company’s sales cost rate has continued to rise in recent years and is significantly higher than that of the same industry because: (a) the distributors are less regulated under the Fountain model, and the company is convinced that they are committed to it since 2015
Since then, there has been an increase in control of the terminal channels, the number of front-line salesmen has risen rapidly, market inputs have gone far beyond other companies in the industry: (2) companies are committed to the development of high-quality, stable distributors and, in recent years, distributors have invested far more than their peers: (3) companies have continued to drive consumer terminals, channel terminals, etc.
“124 Project” (as a graded terminal and a class consumer according to 1:4 ratio), which continues to push the channel downwards and market tillage, and the cost of market extension under the “East to South” strategy continues to rise. We believe that the old cellar is still in the process of market opening (especially in China and South Africa) and that the cost will continue to increase.
However, the increase in the cost of sales is expected to slow as the scale of future sales increases and cost efficiency increases as a result of further cost refinements.  Receivables have had relatively high swing days, but have tended to decline year after year in recent years.
Compared to companies, the turnover of corporate accounts receivable is relatively high, 68 days in 18 years, well below 124 days of the five grain fluids, but still far from other companies in the industry (4 days in Guizhou, 3 days in Ocean Rivers and 10 days in the Xiaoyu agriculture), which is related to different company collection policies. However, vertically,
The cash flow position of the Division is expected to improve as a result of the year-on-year decline in the turnover of corporate receivables in the last two years (by 10 days in 18 years and by 17 years). The asset-liability ratio is at a lower level in the same industry and is relatively low in financial risk.
On the one hand, in the state-owned context, where financing is more advantageous and less costly, and on the other hand, where market investment has increased in recent years, the corporate asset-liability ratio has remained at a low level, and on the other hand suggests that the cash flow of the company is more abundant and the financial risk is relatively low.
4.2 High-end, sub-high-end, double-branded 20 billion-year-old cellars have been on the market for 25 years now, having experienced an extremely high-growth phase and a falling-down period, with many adjustments and the return of the company to its 10 billion-dollar camp in 2017, and are now in one.
The company achieved business income of $13.55 billion in 18 years, an increase of 25.60 per cent over the same year; the net profit of the mother was $3.486 billion, an increase of 36.27 per cent over the same year, and 19q1 remained high, with steady growth expected to continue in the context of multiple energies. The core logic is as follows:
(1) The correctness of the strategic choice is the central driver of the firm’s rapid recovery of growth, and it is also the best guarantee of robust growth in the future. Fifteen years, the company has transformed the Xin Spring model into a brand model, while defining five monolithic strategies, and in recent years it has been a strong two-brand battle between the “Breaths” and the “Breaths” in China.
We believe that, against the backdrop of 14 years of sharp decline in corporate performance, the clarity of key strategies does help to chart the future direction of business, while rationalizing corporate resources and accelerating the return to growth of performance. In a time of stable performance, the right strategic direction is for future performance to be robust.
The best guarantee of growth is a steady 18-year growth in performance that confirms this conclusion. (2) The country’s customers are expected to continue to work as a result of industrial development and internal restructuring.
The power versus value advantage is expected to continue to expand the growth space as private consumption flourishes. Alcohol production drops by 13.59% the same year. This will provide some room for growth between the five grain fluids and the national cellar 1573.
Costers diversify and upgrade their demand, while the price of their products continues to rise in tonnage, and sales channels are gradually being streamlined and are expected to accelerate in the future as a result of the launch of the Specialized Cards model in 2015. (3) The special works, together with the age of the cellars, are building a matrix of old cellars and sub-end products that will contribute to a steady increase in performance.
As the price of cellars rises in 90 years of age, the price of the first product of the wine and the special will be staggered again, and the price of the two will be complementary to each other, forming the base of the upper end of the old cellar. Since 2014, the income of the lower end of the department has been rising steadily, from 586 million yuan to 3,675 million yuan in 2018, compounding the year.
During the 19-year Spring Sugar Conference, the company set a development target of two billion dollars for the country's guests and the state's two brands, and we expect that with sub-high-end industries expanding and high-end price increases moving across the entire price chain, the specials and silos will continue to work.
(4) Marketing controls have been strengthened to speed up the development of nationalized markets. The original spring model has been poorly regulated by distributors, with higher potential risks. After 2014, the company marketing model has been transformed from a spring model to a brand-only model, with stronger dealer controls, a more sophisticated system of appraisals, end-prices, etc.
The company is now based on the Kawasaka base market, accelerating the opening of other weak markets (China, South China, etc.) ... It is expected that the future will accelerate the process of nationalization, drawing on the experience of Southwest mature markets, to add to the growth of corporate performance.
• Under a two-brand strategy, we believe that companies will continue to have high-end, sub-high-end power, optimize their product structure, and, in combination with the gradual rationalization of corporate channels in recent years to lay the foundation for performance growth, give us the risk of a macroeconomic downside: high-end alcohol consumption is more macroeconomicly affected if the economy as a whole is under threat.
All right, weak consumption is expected to have a certain impact on corporate performance.  price increases are not as expected: now affected by the poo price rise, there are signs of rising prices for the five grains and the 1573s, and failure to do so will affect the profits of the channels, and so on.
In the future, increased competition in the industry will put pressure on prices for old cellar products, while marketing will also be affected, companies will invest more in marketing costs, and companies’ performance will be compromised.
Broker regulation is not as good as expected: the company’s shift from the Fountain model to the branding model has strengthened its management of distributors to prevent the diversion of goods. If the dealer’s control fails to meet expectations, it will cause confusion in the end-end price system, which in turn affects the company’s performance and brand image.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment