The company’s main business is the development, production and sale of a series of fully automated chemical luminous immune analysers and ancillary reagents, which are leading the country in this area. The company’s products are used mainly to provide diagnostic messages for disease prevention, diagnosis, treatment monitoring, post-observation, health status evaluation, and genetic disease predictions.
In addition, the company has been active in expanding the product lines of biochemical analysis. As of 31 March 2020, the company had four fully automated biochemical analysers and 39 ancillary reagents, all of which have been certified as medical instruments. The company has a series of instrument types that meet the needs of different users for equipment test speeds, samples and reagent loads;
The reagents cover tests for thyroid, glands, oncology, metabolics, liver fibrosis, infectious diseases, etc., and meet the detection needs of different users (1) The company has been involved in several projects such as the Major Industrial Technical Closure Project, the Shenzhen Bio-Industries Development Project, and the National Priority New Products Project 2012.
Some tria hospitals have become clinical research bases for the company’s new product register. (2) The company has eight major fully automated chemical luminescent immune analysers, with 122 sets of reagents, and has been certified as one of the largest suppliers of chemical luminous diagnostic reagents worldwide.
The company uses Maglumi 2000 as the basic technology platform for the development of new fully automated chemical luminous devices, and, in response to the demand for new varieties of reagents from large national and international health-care institutions, organizes the rapid development of new fully automated chemical radiation analysis instruments and reagents of different types.
The company's full-automatic biochemistry will cover small biochemical analysers from medium-to-high-speed to high-speed-to-high-speed water to international advanced water. This report has been prepared by Chinese securities for the exclusive use of Chinese securities. The company will not be considered a customer for receiving this report.
The accuracy and completeness of the information are not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question. The information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial position and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
They shall also consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters, as necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.