Xinhua Insurance (601336), non-monetary finance, back-to-back security, value-enhancing transition to Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Recommended logic: Xinhua Insurance, as the only-owned insurance company under the central gold flag, has over the years developed its life insurance market, established well-established marketing channels and product systems, and increased brand value. In recent years, companies have moved away from the crude business model that used to rely on scale expansion, by optimizing the structure of the risk.
On the one hand, with higher living standards, rising levels of social consumption provide a unique opportunity to develop an insurance market that provides risk security and asset protection.
The space for social demand for insurance products is opening up. On the other hand, guided by the policy of financial deleveraging, short-term investment finance insurance products, represented by risk, are subject to policy constraints, while long-term guaranteed products, represented by old-age health insurance, are driven by policy dividends and become market owners.
During this process, Xinhua Insurance, as a pure life insurance standard for the primary health-care strategy, will be given a greater policy catalytic role. The transformation will drive up the value and investment style.
Insurance guarantees, with a focus on a series of old-age health products that are represented by annuity and acute illness insurance.
Higher investment capacity. In 2016, the company increased the allocation of equity assets in a timely manner, in line with changes in market conditions, and increased the stability of asset returns while reducing the impact of market volatility.
Xinhua Life Insurance Inc. (“Xinhua Insurance”) is a national large-scale life insurance company founded in September 1996 and based in Beijing. The company is mainly involved in life insurance operations and sells six major types of life insurance products, namely, traditional life insurance, dividends, life insurance, investment-linked life insurance, health insurance and accident insurance. The company's first major shareholders are: