The Topper Group (601689.sh) publishes a non-public release plan to strengthen long-term competitiveness by adding capacity.
On the night of December 12, 2022, the Topper Group issued an announcement that the company was considering the adoption of a bill on the non-public distribution of shares of a stock, to be completed.
After full implementation (total investment $7.83 billion), it will add 6.1 million units/years, 3.1 million units/years, and 3.1 million units/years/years/years.
Add 1.3 million heat management systems output/years and upgrade the research and development capacity of online control shifts and air overhangs; total post-natal revenues of $12.95 billion are expected to accrue from the projects invested in this pooled fund, contributing a net annual profit of $1.31 billion; and, on the other hand, the price of this undisclosed stock issue is no less than the average equity value of the company for 20 trading days prior to the base date (based on the formula: 20 trading days prior to the base date for pricing)
Average price = 80% of total stock transactions/total stock transactions at 20 trading days before the base date for pricing) is not yet determined, and this undistributed shares cannot be transferred for six months from the date of completion.
A rough estimate of the impact on the ps spread of less than 7% does not have to worry too much about the impact on short-term stock prices; we believe that this financing’s increase in corporate efficiency will be in the form of a) capacity gap, 2) capital structure optimization, and 3) profitability enhancement. Faced with the current rapid penetration of new energy vehicles, competition in domestic spare parts markets is increasing, firms are actively planning future production capabilities.
A strong leadership of the supply chain, guaranteeing the ability to carry orders. Given the company’s productive capacity and its ability to climb the slopes to generate profits, the figure is 38/28/20x. We've chosen the same strategist group and the Tripos that are the core suppliers of Tesla, as well as the close-to-market electronic suppliers of cars, Desaiway, the Bertley of the same layout line control and light-quantized chassis, as comparable companies, using comparative company estimates.
The company intends to raise no more than $4 billion to focus on the light-quantified chassis + interior + heat management + smart driving. The company will launch a fund-raising programme for no more than 35 non-publicly issued shares, which will be used mainly for the eight major projects of lightly quantified chassis + interior + heat management + smart driving:
The fund-raising will be invested in the annual production of 1.2 million light-quantified chassis systems and 600,000 car interior features in Chongqing, the "Ningpo Bay Year " , the "One Million auto interior features and 1.3 million heat management systems per year" project, the "Ningpo Bay annual production of 1.6 million light-quantified chassis systems" project, the "300,000 light-quantified chassis systems per year in Anisu County" project and the "500,000 car interiors per year" project, and the "Lake Governor's New Year" project.
The project for the production of 800,000 light-quantified chassis systems and the project for the production of 400,000 auto interior devices per year, “The Smart Driving Research and Development Centre Project,” 8 projects. This project is in line with the national development strategy, and is important to optimize the structure of the company’s operations and maintain market advantages.
With 6.1 million units/years, 3.1 million units/years for new interior features, 1.3 million units/years for new heat management systems, it will also enhance the company’s research and development capacity in the area of smart driving, based on car-line transfer systems and air overhangs. Refinancing is expected to have limited impact, and the project is expected to generate close to 13 billion yuan a year after delivery.
Refinancing is expected to have a certain amortization effect, calculated at about 7% of the projected amortization at eight discounts in current prices, with a relatively manageable impact. This non-public issue price base date is the first day of the issuance period, and this non-public issue price is required to be no less than the 20 hand-on average shares of the companies before the pricing base date (based on the formula: average stock exchange value at 20 trading days before the pricing base = 20 trading days prior to the pricing base date).
At present, 80% of the total amount of stock transactions in the 20 trading days before the base date for the purchase of tickets is not determined. Assuming the closing date of December 12th, this non-public release will not result in a change in the company’s control. At the date of signing of this plan, McCo’s International Holdings (Hong Kong) Ltd. held 690 million shares in issuers, accounting for 62.94% of the total issuer’s shares, and was a shareholder in the company’s holdings.
Investments (Mekko Hong Kong All-Sharing Sun, Uniting Actors) together held 710 million shares in the company, representing 64.09% of the company ' s total equity, and being the firm ' s realist. According to this distribution programme, if the stock issue is currently measured to be no more than 330 million shares, the share holdings in the Merco International Holdings (Hong Kong) Ltd. have fallen to no less than 48.42%,
From the perspective of corporate development, this financing convergence with the demands of the current stage of development is expected to lead to continued optimization of the company’s operating conditions. We believe that this improvement in the overall performance of the company will take the form of: 1) bridging the capacity gap, 2) optimizing the capital structure, 3) improving profitability.
Management system capacity of 500,000 units, which, according to the company ' s current hand orders, are no longer able to meet production and market needs, and there is an urgent need to break through the capacity bottlenecks and keep pace with industry trends; 2) Capital architecture optimized: this private release of right valets to enhance corporate capital strength and net assets, corporate asset liability ratios will decrease, helping to optimize the corporate capital structure, reduce financial costs and risks, and enhance future business continuity
Capacity, 3) Stabilization gains: With the completion of fund-raising and investment projects, the company ' s existing main business has been further upgraded and can be effectively expanded to provide a steady increase in operating income, with total post-partum income of $12.95 billion and net profit contributions of $1.31 billion expected, with a light-quantified base plate, a high-speed chassis system at the Tupou level of strategy, which is expected to support 100 million in 25 years.
Based on sales and revenues from the company’s chassis system, the price of a single chassis system is calculated at around $900 to $1,000, and production capacity is released for the continuous release of heat management operations according to the planning for the year 2025 heat management. The power control and precision manufacturing capabilities developed on the basis of Tuputiabs are developed horizontally, and a thermal management system developed successfully for the development of total heat pumps, electro-inflated valves, electro-water valves, electro-water pumps, gas fluid separators, heat exchangers, etc.
Products, to deliver first-generation products in bulk to a customer, and to collect $1,285 million in 2021; companies have the advantage of overall programme development, system integration, software control, etc. Second-generation products have been developed that can provide water-side, agent-side-separated partial integration programmes, or highly integrated programmes that effectively meet the different needs of customers, and products can be widely used by all customers except a client, and are now being used with many others.
Increased production since the second half of 2022. To provide resources for 25 strategic planning and to meet domestic and foreign client needs, Increased production since Tupou has been intensive since: up to $2 billion in September for the Governor of the Lake (lightly quantified chassis plus car light interior features plus car electronics, etc.); up to $200 million in Mexico for a subsidiary (lightly quantified chassis plus interior systems plus heat management systems plus robotic implementers, etc.): up to $3 billion in Xian
Quantified chassis + interior + interior + smart brake + smart shift; 2.5 billion yuan invested in August in Anisu County (lightly quantified chassis + integrated body + interior system, etc.): 106 million won in October for the pre-Posing Bay plot (heat management total + total airborne + light numeric chassis + interior etc.) (Tupou now owns 2,600 acres of land in the new area of the former Bay).
It is proposed that the impact of the current financing spread is expected to be limited, and that it be seen as a marginal improvement in profitability as a result of the release of productive capacity, moving up to the “buy-in” rating.
A slight estimate of the impact on the ps is less than 7%, without too much concern about the impact on short-term stock prices; we believe that the increase in the efficiency of this financing on the company as a whole will be reflected in the triple form of: 1) filling the output gap, 2) optimizing the capital structure, and 3) improving profitability. Faced with the current new energy sources, car penetration, and increasing competition in domestic parts markets, companies are actively planning for future production that will contribute to a solid supply for themselves.
The chain leads and secures the ability to hold orders. Given the company's productive capacity and its ability to make profits by climbing the slopes, we maintain a profit of 38/28/20x. We've chosen the same strategist group and the triads that are the core suppliers of Tesla, as well as a sub-supplier of motor power with close market value levels, Desaiway, Bertley with the same layout line control and light-quantified chassis, as comparable companies, to be valued by comparable companies.
Policy risks, increased material costs, low end demand, product development and client outreach are not as expected. Authors ensure that data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and conclusions are free from any third party ' s approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.