q3 with a high growth in performance, a lot of business, a tri-quarter review of the Topper Group (601689) 2022, 30 October 2022.
Incidents: Tupou Group issued its three-quarter report in 2022, generated $11,103 million in the first three quarters of 2022, performed high growth and increased profitability in Huang Sooyu O3. The company’s performance continued to grow rapidly in the first three quarters of 2022.
Profitability is better. Māori rates and net interest rates were 22.39% and 10.95%, respectively, in the last three quarters, together with trends in smart electric cars, active promotion of product platforming strategies and Tier 0.5 model of cooperation, active expansion of new energy car customers, both for the eight main product lines of smart electric car layouts.
At the same time, raw material prices have fallen, capacity utilization has risen, and the advantages of the public Tier0.5 platform business model have been highlighted. Companies have continued to expand their lines of related products, such as smart electric cars, light-quantified chassis, and wide product lines, which have developed into nvh decomposition systems, internal and external apparel systems, etc.
Quantified body, smart seating, heat management system, chassis system, air hangar, smart driving system, eight series of products. Based on system development and modular delivery capabilities, the innovative Tier0.5 platform-type business model provides customers with one-stop, system-level, modular products and services.
With the gradual improvement of global production, performance is expected to continue at a higher rate. The company has built manufacturing bases in Ningbo, Chongqing, Wuhan, etc., around the country’s main auto industry clusters.
The construction of a factory with a light-quantified chassis 5 began, and the new plant was located next to new energy car customers to provide better localization services. At the same time, overseas plants were gradually laid out to better serve international customers.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been able to do so independently and objectively with a diligent and professional attitude.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.