The Topper Group (601689.sh) proposes to raise up to 4 billion dollars in additional funding and increase performance in productive capacity.
The issue of the shares was raised in a manner not exceeding 4 billion dollars for the "1.2 million light-quantified chassis systems and 600,000 car interiors in Chongqing year" and "2.2 million light-quantified chassis systems in Ningpo Bay year" projects, 3.1 million new interior devices and 1.3 million new heat management systems per year.
It will also enhance the company’s research and development capabilities in the area of smart driving, based on car-line control systems and air suspensions. With the company’s new capacity, new customers, and fast-disbursing new business, the company’s performance is expected to continue to increase. We maintain this capacity reserve close to the bottleneck, and raise funds to secure the ability to carry orders.
According to the company announcement, in January-September 2022, the company ' s chassis system produced 3 million sets of products, interior features 5 million units, heat management systems 500,000 units, and existing production lines were no longer able to meet rapidly growing market demand. This expansion of capacity could further enhance supply capacity and break through capacity bottlenecks.
On 22 August 2022, 18 August 2022, and 30 September 2022, respectively, an investment offer agreement was signed and land rights were won by the Governor of Chongqing, the county of Anguishu, and the Governor of Lake. The purpose of the call-up company was to improve the proximity of the mainframe plant, improve the company ' s responsiveness, enhance customer consistency and effectively reduce production and transport costs.
• Actively pursuing the Tier 0.5 strategy, with strong performance growth momentum, companies are constantly laying out new products that are lightly quantified, intelligently and electrolytic, based on old nvh products, and developing performances under the Tier 0.5 strategy.
A multi-module platform company, with a combined vehicle value of $30,000. Currently, the company has formed a nvh de-shock drive that continues to materialize - company updates, interior and interior accessories, light-quantified chassis systems, heat management, integrated pressure casting, air suspensions, wire control, etc.
2022.10.17 8 Business Blocks that can provide one-stop, system-level, modular products and services to clients, facilitating the introduction of 2022h1 performance ratio + 54%, positive layout
High customer sticky, widely recognized as a client in working with clients. Robot Industries - Corporate Information Update Report.
Accelerated Expansion of Dealers - Corporate Information Update Report