Topall Group: 2203 with high performance and profitability Events: 3-quarterly report by companies in 2022, q1-q3 with revenues of $11.10 billion in 2022, Topau Group (601689)
+41.9% for the same year; 1.21 billion yuan for the mother, +60.4% for the same year; of this, q3 achieved operating income; Lu Kamin for the domestic and foreign product of high-quality clients, the performance of which increased significantly.
Innovative cars such as lucid, domestic market companies based on traditional car companies such as Ford, General Motors, Tanhua, Kim Conk, Ideas, and High Coal. This year, the company’s high-quality customer product was released and its performance increased significantly, with the company’s 22q1-q3 earning $11.10 billion, or 41.9% of the total;
Qualitative customer use is significant, and the company’s performance is expected to continue to grow at a high rate. Cost amortization and profitability increase.
In terms of cost, 22q3 sales, management, R & D costs were 1.46 per cent and 2.59 per cent, respectively, for additional reasons: increased sales personnel ' s remuneration and repair costs; and increased administrative costs due to an increase in the number of managers and an increase in remuneration.
The platform strategy, the Tier 0.5 level cooperation model, has been advanced in an orderly manner, contributing to the growth of corporate performance. The company currently has eight series of products: nvh decomposition systems, interior and interior decorative systems, car sizes, smart cabin components, heat management systems, chassis systems, air hangar systems, intelligence.
Driving system, single-car support, approximately $30,000. Currently, the product line is continuously expanding, with companies building on cable control systems, building on years of experience with rubber pumps and vacuum pumps, expanding the air overhang system.
New products, such as columns, have been developed and the product lines have been enriched. \triangleright corresponds to 41.1 times, 28.5 times and 21.5 times, respectively.
Risk factors: Risk of shortage of chip supply: Risk of increased prices of raw materials: risk of recurring epidemics: \triangleright new clients produce less than expected.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Figure 1: Company revenue (millions of yuan) and speed of increase: Company net profits (billions) and speed of increase in calendar years
Figure 6: Quarterly cost of the company 4 core team members. Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. Full coverage of the car industry, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, autonomous brands, etc.
Tsao Jie, Assistant Research Assistant in the Sindha Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, mainly covering smart cars, car connections, new power in car construction, etc. Ding Ji, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering such areas as smart cabins, electric motorization, car preparation, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.