The Māori rate has recovered significantly, and the performance of the ring has improved significantly.
Revenue of $11,103 million, or +41.93 per cent; net return return profit of $1,209 million, or (i) multi-dimensional layout comprehensive chassis provider, with a marked improvement in the Māori rate.
During the quarter, the company achieved operating income of $11,103 million, compared to +41.93 per cent, and its performance continued to grow at a high rate, with operating income of $4,309 million, compared to +48.29 per cent, ring to +41.34 per cent, which is the result of the company’s expansion of its domestic and external high-quality customer stock.
Adornment systems, light weight quantification, smart cabin parts, heat management systems, chassis systems, air suspension systems, smart driving systems, eight product lines with a single vehicle package of about $30,000.
In the third quarter, the company achieved a net return profit of $1,209 million, +60.44 per cent, q3 a one-quarter return, compared to 0.52 pct, and built a unique tau-juge based on the iatf16949 quality system.
(iii) Business dynamics are stimulated by the company’s management architecture-building business development and staff roll-in mechanisms. (iii) High-quality domestic and foreign clientele are built on a comprehensive product line, with orders growing rapidly.
The company’s clients cover the domestic and foreign head of the new energy mainframe, create a high-quality client base, domestic market customers include Biadi, Gilly New Energy, Cyrus, Ui, Peng, Ideas, etc. International market customers include the United States’ innovation company rivian, lucid, technology firms and Ford, gm, etc.
Traditional car companies, such as fca, which are relatively deep. Companies benefit fully from the branding reputation established by a group of high-quality clients, and orders keep growing fast, ibs, eps, air suspensions, heat management.
The targeting of clients, such as one steam, Gilly, Cyrus, co-creation, and high-compartment, continues to provide a stable basis for companies’ long-term performance. (iv) Accelerating the expansion of new plants and new production capabilities worldwide, opening up room for performance growth.
On August 26, the company established a fully-owned chassis system at the New Bridge Industrial Park in Xinjing County to invest in the construction of a smart factory to produce light-quantified chassis, integrated body and interior systems; on September 27, the company and the Xian Economic Technology Development Agency (ESDA) were managing the company.
The Commission signed a cooperation agreement for the construction of a production base in the Xian economic and technological development zone to produce light-quantified chassis, interior and interior accessories, smart brake systems, intelligent diversion systems, etc.; on 30 September, the company established a new Mexican subsidiary to invest in the construction of a production base to produce light-quantified chassis, interior systems, heat tubes, etc.
On 1 October, the company signed a cooperation agreement with the Executive Council of the Economic Technology Development Area of the Mayor of Lake County to build an intelligent plant in the Economic Technology Development Area to produce such key products as light-quantized chassis, car sizes, interior features, automobile electronics, etc.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.