Event Review: To raise additional funds for expansion of capacity, completion of the process, close placement of clients, research assistant Tan Happiness.
Keywords: #Exploitation  Public announcement event: Tupou Group released " Non-Closed Shares Scheme 2022 " , which is expected to release up to 30% of total equity (300 million shares) and raise up to $4 billion in funds.
In Chongqing/Ningbo Bay/Aniju County/Lake Governor's Expansion of Production Base Capacity Project,
The building area is expected to benefit from the rise of the new power of car-making, and the Tier 0.5 model is gradually endorsed by the supply chain.
The rise of new energy vehicles, represented by Sra/Biadey, has led to a significant increase in demand for lightly quantified chassis, heat management, and interior utensils. The reliance on Tupou during the rapid upswing of the power of the new car builders is also growing. The ideal car and the Topper Group signed on November 15, 2022.
A framework agreement for strategic cooperation, with deeper cooperation in the area of spare parts, is expected to increase further the value of company-backed bicycles.
The company's fund-raising base is now working with the ideal strategy, the tier 0.5 strategy, and the close proximity of the major car companies, including the Chongqing factory (Celes, the ideal car, etc.) and Ning Po Bay.
(t-clients, Jili cars, etc.), Anisu County (America, Biadi, etc.), and Lake Governor Hing (Ideal Motors, etc.) can achieve a stable supply through near-construction packages, further increasing the market share of products and deepening the depth of downstream customers.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on the release rhythm of core clients, we're going to report quarterly ratings: significant increases in profit margins, and three financial forecast tables of the Topper Group
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board