In the light of recent changes in the extra-curricular education policy, it is expected that education will become more widely accessible.
The decrease in the number of births is due mainly to the rising cost of living in recent years, which, in addition to food, clothing and housing, has also begun to increase the cost of schooling for children, in line with the trend of “internalization”, and outside of school, is 03400520060001
There is a growing demand for training courses. In addition to promoting the return of the industry to healthy development, regulation of extra-school education at the regulatory level has recently become more important because it leads to equity in education, strengthens the primary role of school education, and further reduces the burden on parents in the education of their children.
The teacher-student ratio is still higher than the average in developed countries, and primary and secondary school teachers work relatively hard each week, or it is more difficult to focus more on each student. Therefore, schools need to further improve the efficiency of teachers ' work by using informative means and accelerating the spread of the ai+ education.
S0340521020001. Among these, the smart class, which is launched by the science major, is able to achieve full pre-school teacher preparation/student pre-schooling, classroom practice, after-school refresher coverage; intelligent examination products are able to achieve intelligence.
According to the data disclosed by the University, the efficiency of teacher preparation has increased by 11.2%, the burden of access has decreased by 16.8%, and the negative efficiency gains have been significant. Moreover, the promotion of ai+ education is expected to be achieved through the use of ai+ education.
An analysis of students ' learning results in individualized, customized learning programmes and courses, as a means of targeted counselling and learning that maximizes the ability of students to adapt to their actual situation (s0340521000202)
In recent years, the company has been active in the development of intelligent education business, which combines its income from 2017 to 2020.
The company’s smart education products cover the entire landscape of teaching, student learning, testing, school management, and regional integrated education resource platforms.
Since the successful launch of the port project, there has been a marked improvement in the efficiency of the work/learning of both students and teachers.
The region is entering the accelerated penetration phase, with the company winning in 2020 the award of 52.36 per cent of the winning contract in the province of Anhui, Luang Hu County, Chande County, Kunming District, Xinjiang Pishan County, Jiang Sofo County, and others outside the province.
Investment strategy: maintenance of recommended ratings. Supervision of out-of-school education at the supervisory level has become more stringent in recent times, leading education back to the main positions in schools and strengthening school education.
More attention to each student than the average in developed countries, more intensity of teachers per week, or less effort, is needed, we believe, to accelerate the spread of ai+ education by means of information and to further reduce the efficiency gains for teachers, while the promotion of ai+ education is also expected to be achieved.
In the field of intellectual education, the advantage of science science is evident, with the region further reducing efficiency gains and achieving significant results, gaining market recognition and reaching the accelerated penetration stage, which is expected to be the core benefit of the return of extra-curricular education to school.
The policy is to return education to the school, and it is expected that ai+ education will accelerate the penetration of 1.1 extra-curricular teaching and training, emphasizing the role of the school's main position. Procreational will is further curtailed, and the “introduction” of education is one of the main reasons.
In addition to the increase of 7.92% in the same year, between 2017 and 2020, the number of newborns in the country showed a negative trend, with 12 million in 2020, a significant decrease of 18.09% in the same year.
In addition to food, the cost of education for children has also started to rise in the “internal” trend, and the demand for extracurricular courses has increased. According to the 2019 survey, in addition to pre-school children, the rate of participation in extra-curricular education in primary and secondary schools has exceeded 40%.
In addition, offline counselling further increases the time cost to parents, with 32.2% of the families visited having two weekly out-of-school training sessions in a single subject, with participation in no less than two subjects per week, measured by the time of delivery of 15-30 minutes per distance, and parents spending almost two to four hours per week on the delivery of their children.
According to consumer associations, the number of complaints filed by educational training services rose by 42.28 per cent in 2020, and the number of complaints filed by teachers rose further from 4.81 per cent in 2019 to 5.72 per cent.
In March, the Ministry of Education announced at the State Council, in response to the disruptions in extracurricular education, that the management of out-of-school training institutions should be included as a priority for this year, that it should be further strengthened and that it should be followed up by a series of sleep management, job management and so on.
In June, the Directorate-General for Out-of-School Education and Training was set up to focus on out-of-school training, including primary and secondary schools (including kindergarten children), and on the establishment and supervision of institutions for out-of-school training/training content/training time/staff qualifications/fee supervision.
In June, the Bureau indicated that the priority inspection had resulted in a maximum fine of $36.5 million for 15 out-of-school training institutions. The “double reduction” opinion highlighted the role of the main positions in school education.
One of the issues is the burden on students, the disorderly development of out-of-school training institutions, and the phenomenon of “intra- and out-of-school growth.” Reducing the burden on students is a fundamental way to improve the quality of education in schools in general, to ensure that it is done in a balanced manner, to strengthen the primary role of schools, and to deepen the educational reform, to improve the quality of teaching in the classroom and to optimize the way it is taught.
(b) Overall, there has been a decline in the number of newborns in recent years and an increase in the cost of education is one of the main factors that inhibits parents' will to give birth.
In our view, the recent tightening of out-of-school education regulations, in addition to promoting the return of the industry to healthy development, is more important because it leads to equity in education, strengthens the primary role of school education and further reduces the burden on parents in the education of their children.
The overall decline in the ratio of teachers to students in primary and secondary schools is still higher than the average water in developed countries. The overall decline in the ratio of teachers to students in recent years shows a decline in the average number of students per teacher, with teachers having more energy to do with it than in 2010 -- 0.85, 2.10 and 3.00. However, it is well developed with the United Kingdom, the United States, Japan, Germany, Italy, etc.
In 2019, the teacher-pupil ratio was higher than the average of 13.55 in developed countries. In terms of long working hours, according to the Chinese Journal of Education, primary and secondary school teachers worked 52.5 hours a week, of which 33.20 per cent and 35.90 per cent of the teachers interviewed worked between 1 and 1.5 hours a night and 0.5 to 1 hours a week.
Figure 7: Average hours spent by teachers Survey Information needs in schools are expected to accelerate release, and ai+ education will help teachers to reduce efficiency gains. Since the previous policy emphasized the primary role of school education, the importance of education in schools will become more and more pronounced, but we believe that the importance of education in schools will increase.
The ratio of teachers to students in our former primary and secondary schools is still higher than the average in developed countries, and teachers work longer hours and are relatively intensive, or it is more difficult to devote more energy to each student. Therefore, we believe that schools need to further improve the efficiency of teachers ' work and reduce efficiency gains for teachers by helping inform, accelerating the spread of the ai+ education.
Through integration networking, cloud computing, big data, ai, etc., pre-school teacher preparation/student pre-meditation, classroom practice, after-school refresher is fully covered and teachers are able to obtain students' learning on the basis of feedback from the platform data and to present them in a targeted manner: furthermore, the Science Major Smart Test based on the ai has been able to achieve intellectual approval and support.
According to the data of the University of San Francisco, since the successful award of the curriculum solution, the teacher’s school retention rate has increased by 11.2%, the approved burden has decreased by 16.8%, and the positive efficiency gains have been significant. Moreover, the promotion of the ai+ education is expected to lead to the implementation of the curriculum.
There are three main stages in the development of education, the ultimate stage of which is the introduction of self-adaptation as a source of learning. Because of the different learning abilities and characteristics of each student, it is possible to analyse the progress of learning, practice, examination and other data for each student, and to generate individualized, customized learning programmes and lessons by integrating the ai into the teaching system.
It also contributes to the promotion of equity in education by providing targeted counselling and learning that maximizes the ability of students to learn according to their own realities.
2. The matrix of smart education products is perfect, with accelerated replication of learning solutions 2.1 has been growing rapidly in recent years, and smart education businesses have been able to grow rapidly in recent years. In 2020, companies earned $13.25 billion in operating income, an increase of 29.23 per cent over the previous year.
Long, mainly as a result of the continued advancement of the Platform+Trail strategy, the deepening of the area of application of artificial intelligence downstream, and the faster growth of business income, such as intellectual education, consumer business, and smart cities. In terms of business, smart education has grown rapidly.
4.20 percentage points. In terms of income, the share of smart education business income in total revenue in 2020 has grown to 2.2 product matrices, which are being refined, accelerated by the scaling up of the supply-based solutions, the coverage of corporate intellectual education products, such as teaching, learning, testing, management, and regional integrated education resource platforms.
A combination of technologies such as networking of objects, cloud computing, big data, ai, etc. makes it possible to create an efficient classroom with full coverage of pre-school teacher preparation/student pre-schooling, classroom instructional exercises, after-school refresher, support for off-line integration, extra-curricular integration, and virtual reality integration.
By the end of 2020, there were more than 30,000 schools in the country’s 34 provincial administrative units, a significant reduction in teacher preparation and re-engineering time and a marked improvement in classroom efficiency.
The island's new area on the west coast of the island's island, the “Assemble School” project, and the construction of a school of wisdom in Anhui province, with a contract of $859 million and $1,586 million, will help to promote the development of educational information for a higher-quality development of education in the region as an effective route.
This resulted in a 11.2 per cent increase, a 16.8 per cent decrease in the burden of access, a 10.2 per cent decrease in the number of invalid exercises, a 12 per cent increase in the problem solving rate, a significant improvement in the efficiency of the work/learning of both teachers and students, a gradual increase in the practical application of the product, and a significant increase in the one-line rate of the eight major schools in the city and in the number of the top 500 students in provincial literature.
At the same time, the Ministry of Education was granted the "Model Area of Smart Education" for 2020, and according to the survey of the National Statistical Office on the City's smartness, construction and application of schools, the satisfaction of respondents with the educational quality improvement initiative was as high as 92.01%, with significant results from the stick project. As the utility of the pole project became market-accepted, the company region was motivated by materiality.
The solution began to move to an accelerated penetration phase, with the company ' s successive success stories in 2020 in the province of Anhui, in the provinces of Hiang An, Hu, Zhende, Kunming, Xinjiang Pishan, Jiang So-fung, etc., as part of its intellectual education project, which is expected to accelerate further the follow-up penetration of the Ministry ' s successful award of $5.236 billion throughout the year, a significant increase of 86 per cent over the previous year.
Personalized learning manuals: Based on the analysis of the daily studies of each student, the precise determination of weak knowledge points, the non-reform of paper habits, the customization of personalized learning resources and path planning services for students. On the basis of mistying, the subject is kept in order to ensure that it is easy and rational, and that students are more efficient in acquiring knowledge.
Students ' learning machines: k12 education, integrated ai, big data technology, and rich learning resources, using one to locate students ' knowledge weaknesses, to help each student develop personalized, accurate and exclusive learning paths.
In July 2020, the company launched a science-based science machine x2pro and a computer-based science-based learning machine for students in secondary and secondary schools z1, with a completely new upgrade of the a.i. Precision learning system.a.i. simulates the real writing effect, and students can use a.i. for a.i.s.s. as an answer machine, which is easy to answer on a.i., as well as an automatic adaptation of the English and English subject matter, for comprehensive testing.
Knowledge points, with a clear understanding of learning weaknesses, provide each student with a targeted personalized and refined learning program. Since the market, the cat d’sr score has been 4.9+, and the Kyoto rating has been 98%, winning the Chinese branding day of 2020, the “national good.”
The recent tightening of supervision over out-of-school education at the supervisory level has led to the return of education to the main positions in schools and the strengthening of the role of school education. But given the fact that our primary and secondary school students are now above the average in developed countries and teachers work relatively hard weekly, it may be difficult for teachers to focus more on each student, and we believe that there is a need to speed up the ai+ by means of information.
The promotion of education has further reduced the efficiency gains for teachers, while the promotion of the ai+ education is expected to lead to the development of learning skills.
The rating system's “market index” is referred to by 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been informed independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.