The advantages of the hydropower industry are clear, and it is hoped that Yakina will make a second jump, and the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre recommends logic: the company is one of the largest clean energy suppliers in the Kawasaka grid.
Consider the long-term value of the company: one power sector is growing robustly, clean energy generation is being supported in carbon peaks, carbon neutrality and contexts, and the company as one of the leading hydroelectric companies, the overall supply of the industry is stable, the assets of excellence is scarce, and the company is expected to continue to benefit from industry growth and policy support.
The company's strategy to build and acquire hydropower has been continued, and has expanded in many ways. 3 companies have been on the market, with a share of about 50% in 19 years and a steady proportion.
Intense energy in the river is strong and has a debt-like character. The 2021 Yajiang Water and Power Unit is now in operation, with a second jump in performance. The Yagi River sub-stations are installed.
The 14.7 million kilowatts have been fully developed, with midstream aircraft of about 1,185,000 kilowatts, which are close to the level of the downstream because of the difference between the drop-out and the actual postnatal load. The most developed ones are the two estuaries and the Yang Qui power stations, which are planned to be powered by the end of 2021, and the construction of the first unit at the end of 2023.
The construction was completed; the Yang Trench (1.5 million kilowatts) planned to start power generation in November 2021, and construction was completed in 2022. The increase in the reservoir effect of the production of the two estuaries and the Yang Quill hydroelectric power station, as well as the impact of the fine-frozen regulation, will result in a significant increase in profits, with the prospect of a second jump in the performance of the company in 2-3 years after its first 21 years of investment.
The group committed itself to good-quality asset consolidation and project expansion. The company, backed by the Kawakawa Consortium, was supported in a number of ways to inject assets such as Qayang Power, Second Beach Hydropower, and Hasegawa Power to boost the company’s performance and scale. In addition, in 2019, it successfully acquired 60% of the shares of the Quantico Hydroelectric Development Corporation, controlled.
The development of the Silver River hydroelectric plant led to a new breakthrough in corporate ownership of the development of large hydroelectric power plants. In 2020, the company invested $1.22 billion in power upgrades to its wholly-owned subsidiary, Kawakawa, to acquire hydroelectric asset packages held by the Shinda asset, among others.
The company completes the construction of a $4 billion transferable power station, holds the stock of 1 Sichuan hydroelectric dragon, and Yagi River power is the backbone of the company’s performance.
Direct investment control, equity participation, total installed capacity of 39,547,000 kilowatts, equity capacity of 93,412 kilowatts, direct investment control, equity participation, etc.
The company’s operating model is still dominated by large-scale hydropower projects, with smaller holding stations, and a large gap between equity and equity capacity. The current investment in long-term equity is mainly in the Yagiang Water and Power (48% shareholding), which is the main source of investment.
Le Fuse Light Power (49% share) and Kawakami Power (20% share), 10% National Power River. All investment projects are now well run, especially Yagi River hydropower, which provides shareholders with a good profit and a better cash share each year.
Many of the above-mentioned assets are included in the consolidated statements of the company, which includes: utility in the Tian Wan River, brightening, Qiangyang Power, Tian Peng Power, Xinghua Power, and Xianhua Power in the Kawa River, Yagi River Power, and the National Power River.The company's main holding power station is the Tian Wan River Power Station, which uses the “one bank level” for ladder development.
It is made up of the Inzong Sea reservoir and three hydroelectric plants from the top down: Inzong Sea, Gold Lodge and Huge, with a total installed capacity of 740,000 kilowatts, designed to generate about 3.4 billion kilowatt-hours per year. In 2019, the number of hours used by the Tanya River hydroelectric unit was 4,194 hours per year, a decrease of 68 hours compared to the previous year, but the number of hours used by the unit remained at a high level; the price of electricity on the Internet was government-directed.
RMB 620 million, a decrease of 6.1 per cent in the same year; however, the company increased its cost control and capacity to adjust to the dry season, with a net profit of RMB 160 million, an increase of 3.3 per cent in the same year.
The core industry is based on the Yagi River Basin, which has a unique resource advantage, with 48% of Yai River ' s hydropower performance making a significant contribution. The Yai River installed 1,473 kW in 2019, has remained unchanged for nearly three years, using hours and generating electricity.
In 2019, the average price of electricity sold in Yagi River was 0.22 yuan/kWh, a slight decrease from the previous year’s 0.24 yuan/kWh. Income and net profits were $16.5 billion and $6 billion, respectively, a decrease of 6.3 per cent in the same year and a “one-stop” policy, which resulted in a decrease in the cumulative amount of electricity generated by Yagi River; and fluctuations in electricity prices as a result of the marketization of electricity sales.
As a result, the company’s profits fell, and the larger growth in gross operating income was achieved by billions of yuan, up by 24.3 per cent and 6.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the current period’s sub-contracting power supply to Sichuan Hung Yingshan Hydroelectric Co. Ltd., Sichuan All-Foot Fund Hydroelectric Co. Ltd., Sichuan All-Foot Hydroelectric Co., Sichuan All-Foot Hydroelectric Co. Ltd. on 31 July 2020.
The net profit was higher than in the previous year, mainly in terms of corporate ownership and participation. Figure 4: Share of profits from investment in hydroelectricity in Yagi River in 2019 as a proportion of total profits
The Yakuza has contributed to other Māori-comprehensive rates, which have continued to rise, while costs have declined over the period, and corporate cost control continues to grow.
Software and hardware products and service plates account for a smaller share of business than utilities investments and operations, and companies have some other business, such as hardware and software products and services, but other business operations are still smaller.
Automated systems for integrated orbital traffic, integrated power distribution systems, etc., companies ' products have been awarded multiple bids in national and international public tenders and directly applied to a number of national priority projects, equipping electrical railways with more than 20,000 km. The main Electrified Railways in the country use the Automated System for the Management of Power Movements produced by the company. The downstream customers of software and hardware operations are mainly Chinese iron.
Large railway builders and railways companies, such as the Construction and Electrification Authority Group Ltd., the Central Iron Seven Group Group Ltd., the Seventh Division of the Zxxzs Engineering Command, Shanghai Bosin Software Co. Ltd., the South Ning Railways Authority Building Project Management Centre, the China Iron First Survey Design Institute Group Limited.
A cumbersome accounting process led to a longer actual settlement cycle. In 2019, corporate software products received revenue of $74 million, an increase of 10.29 per cent over the same period; and the volume of hardware products earned.