This Friday, 26 May, a company listed by a science-making board, Ates.
Competitiveness, now in the first echelon of global photovoltaic component suppliers. The company's controlling shareholders are the C.S.S.T.S.T.-New Stock Thematic Coverage Report (S.T.S.T.), which was created in 2001 by Dr. Xiao Xiao Xiao, the first specialist in the country's 1,000-person scheme.
It's one of the largest solar power companies in the world. Back to csiq, the company has evolved into a photovoltaic group - a thematic coverage report for the new stock, and has a research and development team of more than 760 people, including core technicians.
With more than 10 years of technological research and development experience in the photovoltaic industry, and based on the resource background of csiq, the company has become a major component supplier in Japan, Australia, the United States and some European countries, based on the Haoji Smart-New Stock Thematic Coverage Report (Hojiang Smart), covering the reporting period.
The ratio of out-of-service sales has remained roughly at 70-80%, significantly higher than the industry average. It is expected that, depending on overseas markets, companies will be ranked among the global component suppliers, “First Plateau” 2020-2022: West Mountain Science and Technology - New Unit Thematic Coverage Report (West Mountain Technology)
Up and at the top of the world; ihsmarkit estimates that the company’s share of global markets was about 8% in 2022.2 In response to the trend of photovoltaic + storage, the company continues to promote large-scale storage system operations. The company’s controlling shareholder, csiq, began to form a storage power business team in 2018, with an earlier deployment of large storage systems.
Operations, which were incorporated into the company ' s system in 2020; so, the company ' s large storage system continued to operate and became a new performance growth point for the company. During the reporting period, the large storage system generated revenue of 53 million yuan, 1,411 million yuan and 3,416 million yuan, respectively, and its sales income increased from 0.23 per cent to 0.23 per cent.
The signing of the agreement on strategic cooperation, which will involve cooperation in storage systems, storage services, storage services, etc., is expected to further promote the development of large-scale storage systems in companies. Compared with listed companies in industry: Crystal Energy, Crystal Australasia, Skylight, Lungi Green Energy, and the Association
The average income of comparable companies in 2022 was 67.909 billion yuan, compared to the average value of p-ttm (exclusion of co-consortization/counting), but the Māori sales rate is in the middle and upper echelons of the same industry.
The risks of specific listed companies are shown in the main text. Companies’ earnings and profits over the last three years have been recorded.
Attex is one of the world's leading manufacturers of photovoltaic components whose core business is the development, production and sale of crystalline silicon photovoltaic components; over the years, it has developed a diverse product matrix to meet the different needs of photovoltaic stations and distributed photovoltaic customers.
Based on photovoltaic components, the company’s operations extend to the application of solutions. The solution for photovoltaic applications includes photovoltaic systems, large storage systems and photovoltaic station engineering epc operations, where photovoltaic operations are mainly distributed photovoltaic system products and the production and sale of their equipment and components, including distributed storage systems: large storage system operations are applied to the side of the grid and to power sources.
Value-added services such as research and development of equipment for large-capacity energy storage systems (mainly ground-based photovoltaic power stations), system integration, engineering contracting, maintenance, repair and volume trading, etc., and power station engineering, pc operations are mainly process-wide construction services such as the design, procurement and installation of power station projects, commissioning, completion, receipt and delivery.
In 2022, the company ' s principal income was divided into two major plates by product type, namely, photovoltaic components (38,931 million yuan, 83.38 per cent), photovoltaic applications solutions (7760 billion yuan, 16.62 per cent).
The company is no longer engaged in power station development and operation since 2022. Figure 3: Māori and net profit rate changes in corporate sales
The company’s main business includes photovoltaic component manufacturing, photovoltaic application solutions: according to the type of business, the company belongs to the photovoltaic industry. The components are the most important equipment in the photovoltaic system and determine the cost of photovoltaic power to a large extent. As a result of the optimization and progress of components technology in optical, electrical and structural areas, the efficiency of photovoltaic component conversions increased on average every year from 2010 to 2016.
0.3-0.4 per cent; from 2017 to 2020, the rate of conversion efficiency improvement has accelerated to 0.5-1 per cent per year. Of this, optical optimisation refers to reducing optical loss of light, including by optimizing and replacing materials, reducing photoreflection and increasing light absorption; and, by optimizing welding structures (e.g. triangular welding) and battery sharding techniques (e.g. sharding), reducing the gap between battery fragments and increasing the inhalation of light.
Electrical optimization reduces resistance loss by optimizing the current flow within the battery and the inter-cell connection structure, and involves major technologies such as semi-width, multifacade, and tiles. Structural optimization refers to changes in the layout and construction of components from the aggregate, or to structural optimization based on upstream technological breakthroughs, such as dual-surface assembly technology and large silicon component technology.
According to data from the China Association of Photovoltaic Industries, in 2021, global photovoltaic component production was 465.2gw, with an output of 220.8gw, an increase of 45.4 per cent and 34.9 per cent, respectively, respectively, of the same year, and our photovoltaic component production of 181.8gw, an increase of 45.9 per cent, accounted for 82.3 per cent of global component production. Component exports were about 98.5gw, a record high, accounting for about 54.2 per cent of the country ' s component production in 2021.
National firms occupy eight of the top ten providers of PV components. Photovoltaic power systems are non-rotating, reliable and simple to maintain; highly modular and flexible in size, suitable for large-scale centralized ground power station applications and for small-volume distributed applications.
According to ihsmarkit data, in 2022, the global photovoltaic plant added 266gw, an increase of 50.2 per cent over the same year, and according to the China Association of Photovoltaic Industries, in 2022 we added 87.41gw, an increase of 59.3 per cent over the same year, with new and cumulative light voltage remaining the world ' s number one.
1 Central PV station: Central PV station is a direct-fluorescent power source produced by a PV array, converted by a reverse transformer into a PV station that communicates electricity and is then fed into the public grid. Currently, the country is dominated by a centralized PV station. In addition to conventional ground stations, the PV station includes both agro-light complementarity and animal supplementation ground and surface power stations.
Ecology and land-use efficiency functions.2 Distributed photovoltaic power stations: Distributed photovoltaic power stations are small- and medium-capacity photovoltaic power stations installed on the roofs of buildings such as plant buildings, office buildings, residential housing, etc., on the side of the open area, power is installed on the side of the user and networked, self-serving and residual access to the Internet.
Distributed photovoltaic applications have a great potential for growth, as well as distributed photovoltaics, which include applications such as building integration, fishing complementarities and agricultural sheds.
The company, which is more competitive overseas by relying on its controlling shareholder, Canada's csiq resource platform, is now in the “first echelon” of global photovoltaic component suppliers. The company's controlling shareholders are Canadian csiq; its first specialist, Dr. Xiaoqiao Xiao, was founded in 2001 as one of the world's largest solar power companies. Csiq, the company's step-by-step.
Created a full-chain production capacity for photovoltaic components and a research and development team of more than 760 people, with core technical staff with more than 10 years of technical experience in the photovoltaic industry: also based on the resource background of csiq, the company became a major component supplier in Japan, Australia, the United States and some European countries, with the share of corporate out-sales remaining almost 70-80 per cent during the reporting period, significantly higher than that of co-workers
Average. Based on the relative competitiveness of overseas markets, companies are expected to rank as the “first echelon” of global component suppliers on an annual basis; in 2020, in response to the trend of photovoltaic + storage power, companies continued to promote large-scale storage system operations. Csiq, a shareholder in the company, began to form a storage operations team in 2018, with an earlier deployment of large storage system operations, and incorporated the business into the company in 2020.
During the reporting period, the large storage system generated revenue of US$ 53 million, US$ 1,411 million and US$ 3,416 million, and its sales revenue was also raised from 0.23 per cent to cooperation in the areas of storage systems, storage projects and maintenance services, and the signing of the agreement is expected to further enhance the company’s large storage capacity.
(iv) Fund-raising project inputs. The company's current investment fund, ipo, is to invest in two projects and to replenish liquidity.
1.1 Production of 10 gw sticks per year: this project proposes to purchase new industrial land for the construction of the 10 gw monocrystal bars project in the Sasakawa Industrial Park area; completion of the work after delivery will result in an annual production of 27,800 tons of monocrystal bars (10 gw), with an estimated annual average operating income of $406,227.5 million for the main battalion.
1.2. The 10gw silicon tablets project: this project proposes the construction of a 10gw silicon tablets project at the rental plant in the Xining Economic Development Area of the Salt City; after the project is completed, 10gw single crystals (210mm) will be achieved per year, and the average annual operating income of the main battalion is expected to reach 544,000.00 million yuan.
1.3 Yearly production of 4gw high-efficiency solar PV cell project: this project is to be built in the Salt City Economic Development Area: 4gw high-efficiency solar cells can be produced annually upon completion of the project; full post-partum delivery of the project is expected to yield an average annual operating income of $341,440.0 million.
1.4 Yearly production of 10gw high-efficiency photovoltaic battery assembly project: this project will be constructed in two phases, with 10gw solar output per year after completion; full post-natal completion of the project, with an estimated average annual operating income of 1,332.8 million yuan from the main battalion.
The rental of buildings in the business centre implements the construction of the Caring Attes Institute of Technology and conducts research and testing of new battery products such as hjt batteries, hbc batteries and stacking batteries. (v) Comparison with industry listed company indicators
The company focuses on the photovoltaic component area: a combination of the size of the operation, the range of products and services, and the selection of comparable listed companies with crystal energy, crystals, cosmopolitan energy, coronal energy, Lungi green energy, integration, and East Day rise to Ates. From the above-mentioned comparable companies, the average income of comparable companies in 2022 was $67.09 billion, compared to p-ttm (extractted condensation/counting average).
Technological iterative risks, core technology leaks and risks of unsustainable technological innovation, corporate business losses, product structure, capacity-building and layout risks, business transformation risks from multi-crystal products to monocrystal products and their impact on sustainability, large-scale storage system business opening risks, offshore business risks, associated transaction risks, more affiliates
Incoming internal control management risks, higher risk of receivables, higher end-of-term inventory amounts and risk of impairment, risk of lower actual stockholding by the company, risk of litigation disputes, litigation arising from trade frictions such as “double counter” investigations and the imposition of customs duties, as well as risks such as other risks, the risk of continued price increases for raw materials, the constant decline in the price of light products, and the risk of volatility of the Māori component.