On 19 June 2023, the Globalizing Component was listed by the leading company, a stock exchange, and the profits recovered.
\triangleright csiq, funded and officially launched on June 9, 2023. The company has since been established to maintain research and development, production and marketing of silicon fluorescent components, relying on innovation to lead the development of technology in the industry, and the advantages of globalization are evident.
In order to optimize the business structure, the company has also extended to the area of applied solutions, and since 2019 has been separating from the development and operation of power stations inside and outside the country. In recent years, the company’s performance has continued to grow well, with q1 points in 2022 and 2023.
The installation of 48.31gw, corresponding to +186%, is expected to continue on a high profile in 2023 as the windy base continues to advance; Biden has vetoed the resumption of the South-East Asia photovoltage component tariff resolution, the United States light-voltage machine or further growth, and the Chinese component business has begun to deploy on the mainland in the United States, and is expected to maintain a higher share. Overall, with the continued release of silicon production,
Dun Yongkang, silicon production capacity in 2023 was no longer a bottleneck for industry development, and the price decline following the release of silicon production capacity is expected to be s01052111006.
Incentive of downstream owners’ willingness to load, which is expected to reach 400gw per year. Component concentration continues to increase, and silicon is expected to increase profit-making + demand when prices are low. For the company, Artes's output has been at the forefront of the industry for many years, and the current integrated capacity continues to expand, with a distribution of silicon sticks, silicon chips, batteries and assembly capacity at the end of 24 years.
Kwok Yingzheng has an advantage, and the company will continue to make good deliveries in the future.
With the downside of the cost and the support of the policy end, the global large storage market enters a fast and long term, with the global large reserve adding up to 23 years of large reserves projected by Woodmackenzie.
In the case of forestry, the company’s storage capacity will rise to 10 gwh at the end of 23rd year, at +300% of the year. In the case of products, the solbank large storage product uses heat control of the core, reducing energy consumption by 30%, while maintaining the average core temperature of 28°C-30°C, which allows life.
An increase of 15%, with an average combustion threshold of less than 25%; and a wide range of energy storage products for the epcube household and the small amount of space needed, can be used by owners to monitor energy production and consumption in real time through apps. Firms, with a sustained expansion of integrated production capacity, are expected to increase their output, and the storage system’s operations are expected to rise.
The current valuation is low, covered for the first time, with a “recommended” rating.1 The global component is on the market for the leading firms, with a steady recovery in profits, 1.1 plowing photovoltaic components, and globalization creates barriers
The world's leading component manufacturer a shares are on the market. Atlas Sunshine Power Group Inc. is the world's leading technology and scale manufacturer of photovoltaic components and provider of systems solutions. The controlling shareholder, Csiq Canada, was established in 2001, the United States shares were listed in November 2006, and the company's predecessor, Atsss, was funded in 2009.
Focus on niches, leading by innovation. Since its inception, the company has maintained photovoltaic components as its core business, radiation-related niche industries, relying on technological developments in the innovation-led industry, successfully developed ese technology, secondary printing battery technology, mwt technology, and monocrystal battery efficiency.
In 2014, the company ' s production-cum-conversion efficiency and production-cost advantage, the nanowet black silicon cell, consolidated its technological pre-eminence; with the rapid growth of the photovoltaic industry after 2016, the company is continuously importing new technologies and developing multi-tech circuit components to meet its diversification needs: from 2019, the company gradually dissipated the development and operation of power stations, both in and out of the country
1.2 Depending on the core of the component, the core of the application solution expands to three applications and the core of the component is strong. Companies use the development, production and sale of crystallized silicon photovoltaic components as their core business.
The share of photovoltaic components has been around 80% over the last three years, and there has been a slight increase, with 2022 revenues, with a higher share of photovoltaic application solutions and large-scale storage system operations. Based on photovoltaic components, the company’s operations extend to the application of solution areas, including photovoltaic systems operations, large storage systems and photovoltaic power.
In 2022, three persons earned 39.32, 34.16 and 413 million yuan, representing a total income of 77.6 billion yuan, representing 16.62 per cent of the total, which is higher than the year-to-year level, and gradually diversifying the layout of the operation.
In order to optimize the layout of its operations and to focus on its areas of advantage, the company has been separating itself from overseas power stations since 2019 and from China in 2021. By the end of 2021, the company was no longer engaged in power station development and operation.
The company has a stable equity structure, relying on csiq resources. As of 31 December 2022, Canada held 74.8691% of the company ' s shares, and as shareholders in the company, based on the company ' s offer statement, new shares accounted for 15% of the total number of shares issued since their issuance, with a diluted csiq holding 63.64% of the company.
The president of the Canadian csiq and chief executive officer, Xiaojin Xiaojun, is the director of the company, Xiaoqing and his spouse, Xiao Xiao Xiao, owns 21.26 per cent of the shares in the ice, being the actual controller of the company, guaranteeing the continued stability of corporate control. The company's second largest shareholder is Betametric, and will be released shortly.
In addition, there are 110 holding companies within and outside the company, divided into six different functions, of which the main holding companies are 23, and there are 20 participating companies, of which one is an important participant.
There are experienced professionals in industry, R & D, law, and finance. The company’s current chairman, Mr. Xiaojing, is a Bachelor of Arts from Qinghua University, a Master of Physics from Manitoba University, Canada, and a PhD in semiconductor materials from Toronto University, Canada.
Purchasers, Asia-Pacific Technology Vice-President, Photovoltaic Strategic Plan and Director of Business Development, formerly a visiting professor at the University of Qinghua, and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Csiq Canada from 2001 to date, have devoted 25 years to the visual field, with extensive experience in industry, technology and management.
1.4 The business environment within and outside the country has been better synchronized, profitability has recovered, and the internal and external business environment has been better synchronized, with a record high in revenue generation. Corporate performance has been high for the fourth year in a row, in 2022, with a steady increase in the q1 ratio in 23 years and a good development.
In a single quarter, the company earned $11,831 million in q1 in 2023, an increase of 53.43 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net profit of $918 million for the mother, an increase of 11,161 per cent in the same year. The annual growth in the company’s revenue chain was largely due to the development of the photovoltaic industry and the opening of the company’s market.
There has been a significant decline, due internally to the company's decomposition of power station development and operation since 2019, the fact that the product layout is in the process of transition from a multi-crystal to a monocrystal-based product, with a short transition period of pressure, and the external causes of the delay in the release of raw materials from the new coronary pneumonia epidemic and the upstream raw materials.
Prices and overseas transport costs have risen significantly; the company has now completed its transformation, with a higher degree of vertical integration of single crystallized production configurations, a better synchronized external operating environment, and a better expected revenue stream. Figure 5: Income from 2018-2023q1 (millions of yuan) and speed of increase
Interest rates are expected to continue to rebound, with a reasonable reduction in cost rates. The company’s Māori rate is largely synchronized with net interest rates, with a sustained recovery from a net interest rate of 7.77% for q1, an increase of 7.04 pcts over the same period.
As a result of this increase, the Māori rate for photovoltaic component operations has been reduced by rising prices in the raw materials market, while the scale effects of the growth in production have further increased. At the cost end, corporate cost controls have been effective, and firms have had stronger control over the cost of the period with rapid growth in business income, coupled with the exchange rate resulting from the increase in the US dollar.
Since 2019, there has been a slow increase in the turnover of the company ' s inventory and accounts receivable, and further optimization of its operating capacity. In terms of net cash flows from operating activities, with the exception of the company as a whole, which was significantly affected in 2021, a total of 2 glimmers of light: the old men are in a thousand miles and the old men are back on their way.
2.1 Photovoltaic power generation continues to be high, and demand resonance between the sea and the sea continues to be high. According to the latest data from the National Energy Agency, 14.65gw was added throughout the country in April, an increase of 299 per cent in the same year, and a cumulative fleet of 48.31gw in January/April, an increase of 186 per cent in the same year.
The second-quarter press conference of the Bureau of Energy published the first quarter of 2023 of photovoltaic power generation, and the first quarter of the country’s photovoltaic grid was increased by 33.66gw, an increase of 154.8 per cent compared to the same period; 15.53gw, a growth rate of 425gw, a concentration of 249gw, distributed photovoltaic power generation capacity, was increased by the same year.
176gw. At the same time, 113.5 billion kilowatt-hours of photovoltaic power were generated nationwide in the first quarter of 23 years, an increase of 34.9 per cent over the same period; 98 per cent of the national photovoltaic power utilization was increased by 0.7 percentage points over the same period; and investment in solar power was completed by 52.2 billion yuan, an increase of 177.6 per cent over the same period, and as a relative deceleration in the course of the year, the additional installed capacity was close to 22 per cent in the first quarter of this year.
With 50% of the year’s year-round increase in installed power in April, this year’s continued growth in photovoltaic power is evident, and it is expected to continue the high tide in 2023. The wind and light base plan is being vigorously promoted, setting the tone for a high build-up in medium- and long-term.
The third batch of wind and light base projects, in the provinces of Inner Mongolia, Qinghai, Gansu, together, exceeded 40gw. Of these, the third batch of official list items in Mongolia totaled 10.70gw, including wind 9.25gw, photovolt 1.45gw; the third batch of reserve list projects in Inner Mongolia, including wind power 5.40gw, photovolt 6.70gw; and the General Qinghai, China, 6.70gw.
Six projects were selected for the third wave of wind and light base projects with a size of 5.53gw, of which 4.63gw, wind power 0.9gw, and the third batch of Gansu, with a total of 14.20gw, were all pre-programmed projects, including 9.1gw, wind power 5gw. At the same time, the first batch of 97gw wind and light base projects were fully operational to date.
With the first and second batch of wind and the Shago desert base, the Inner Mongolia has issued a total of 103gw windbase projects, the Qinghai province has completed a total of 39gw, and Gansu province is planning a total of 39gw.
22.75gw It can be expected that, as windy base projects are gradually landing, new sources of energy will emerge as well as medium- and long-term reloading of aircraft high-keys, with Biden rejecting the resolution to restore photovoltaic components in South-East Asia, the U.S. light voltage aircraft or further growth.
On the same day, Biden vetoed the House of Representatives resolution to lift the 24-month exemption for solar energy components purchased from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Viet Nam. Given the difficulty of achieving a high voting threshold of more than two thirds in both chambers in the follow-up process, it is expected that optical products from four countries in South-East Asia will continue to enjoy the United States in the short term.
In the context of continuing policy preferences, the developers’ willingness to build projects in conjunction with the current industrial chain into a price-sliding route, and to build up pre-delayed projects, we expect the U.S. Photovolt aircraft to reach 40gw this year. Meanwhile, the Biden government has made it clear that when the 24-month moratorium expires in June 2024, no.
Domestic firms are expected to maintain a high share of the U.S. photovoltaic market. Currently, the U.S. has a low self-financing share of around 15%, and is highly dependent on Chinese-led South-East Asian capacity imports.
On May 15, the Ministry clarified that developers of indigenous solar projects could apply for new ira supplements for the project, even if the components used in the project contained PV batteries manufactured in China. This meant that American photovoltaic manufacturers could import PV cells from China, assemble them locally into PV projects, and be taxed on ira.
A 30% tax credit and an additional 10% subsidy on the cost of the project for home-grown manufacturing projects would be a great advantage for the U.S. home-grown photovoltaic manufacturing industry, as well as China’s PV cell exports. In addition, Chinese component companies have started to do local layouts in the U.S., taking into account cost and efficiency advantages, including the current export of the U.S. from South-East Asia.
Upstream capacity releases are expected to continue to increase in light-voltage demand. Looking forward to 23 years, with continued release of silicon capacity, the year 2023 silicon capacity is no longer a bottleneck for industry development, and the silicon capacity is released.
The fall in prices is expected to stimulate the willingness of downstream owners to load. Overall, the current domestic bidding is increasing, with photovoltaic stations such as Asia and Africa starting at a rate that, according to the Sobi photovoltaic network, is expected to reach 400gw worldwide in 2023, an increase of over 60%.
Figure 14: Global projections of additional loaders (gw) with lower prices for the industrial chain, increased willingness of downstream owners to load, and higher volumes of photovoltaic components. According to the Sobi consultancy data, domestic output from component plants has remained relatively good, despite the traditional light season of photovoltaics during the quarter.
The total number of shipments from Crystal, Crystal Australia, Sky and Lungi q1 exceeds 10gw, and the total number of top4 shipments exceeds 45gw, +50%, based on the head-supplier target, which exceeds 270gw for the entire 23-year period, accounting for 2/3 of the global market share, and industry concentration is generally on the rise.
See, head manufacturers, based on brand and product quality advantages, are expected to continue to increase their market share, competition patterns are expected, silicon prices are expected to end, and components are expected to benefit from repair + higher demand. According to Pvinfolink, on June 14, silicon prices are now on average at $78/kg, down 66% from the beginning of the 23rd century, while silicon, silicon, silicon, silicon, silicon, silicon, silicon, silicon, silicon, silicon, silicon, silicon.
The price falls significantly lower than silicon in other links, which leads to the assumption that the profits of the industrial chain in the cycle down to silicon are expected to go downstream, and that the profits retained at the end of the component will continue to rise. Moreover, according to the smm study, silicon prices are approaching the cost line for SMEs, and we judge that as silicon prices get closer to the cost line,
Downstream owners' expectations and expectations of silicon prices will diminish, and the demand for components is expected to rise to 2.3, which will remain at the forefront of the industry, with the potential for sustained expansion of integrated production capacity, deep-farming, which will remain at the top of five for many years.
In 2010-2022, the company was in the top six sectors, with a steady pace of expansion and a profitable catch-up. Prior to that, the company was at a lower level of integration than other firms, with the company silicon rods and silicon silicon production in 2020, respectively.
1.99/4.95gw, or 15.38 per cent of component capacity, has continued to expand in the company-chemical capacity over the past two years, further narrowing the differences in integration with head manufacturers, and according to the company ' s production layout and planning, the production capacity of silicon sticks, silicon tablets, batteries and components is expected to reach 50.4gw, 50gw, 60gw and 50 per cent respectively for 24 years.
75gw. The continued expansion of integrated production capacity has led to increased profitability, with the Māori rate for company components reaching 11.65% in 2022, and a narrowing of the gap between the profit end and the head business against a background of high silicon prices + 3.54 pcts.
According to Bloomberg's new energy finance, the company has been in the “first line” of global component suppliers throughout the reporting period. On the product side, the company relies on a series of innovative research and development platforms established internally to develop low production costs and high photovoltaics.
In recent years, companies have introduced large-scale silicons and batteries, hjt, topcon, two-faced, semi-width, mb, tiles, etc., as well as a number of innovative technologies and related products, and systematically patented, with a total of 2044 major patents mandated by the company as of the end of the 22nd year.
On the other hand, according to the report on the value of component and inverter financing 2022, published by Bloomberg's new energy finance book, Attez was ranked first in the list of the world's most financing-value components with reliable product quality and good corporate financial standing, receiving a 100 per cent financing rating, reflecting a strong brand advantage of the company.
Figure 20: Corporate component products (part of) 10 manufacturers of photovoltaic components with the highest level of financing found by respondents to the 2022 study on the financing of Bloomberg ' s new energy finance
Marketing networks are global and multi-dimensional branding is competitive. Companies have established global distribution networks, and, in addition to China and abroad, Ates has set up 16 sales companies abroad, with a global client coverage, becoming major component suppliers in Japan, India, Australia, the United States, Brazil, and some European countries.
The sales ratio is in the forefront of the industry, reaching 69.95% in 2022, higher than the other component plants, and the higher overseas share is expected to increase corporate profitability due to the low sensitivity of overseas prices to components. In terms of production capacity, companies are able to do production in Thailand, Viet Nam, and the United States in response to the complexity of the problem, based on global market needs and related trade policies.
International trade environment, circumvention of trade barriers.
3 Reserves: Building a full range of new energy service providers, building on the wind of storage, 3.1 storage capacity ready, lighting the light of clean energy, important catchers for renewable energy development, and large market space. In recent years wind and light voltage have been installed on the main grids.
The share in capacity is increasing, and because of its intermittent and uncontrollable characteristics, there is a certain impact on the safety and stability of the grid, and storage is an effective way to solve such problems. The electrochemical storage is characterized by speed, long life cycle, modularity and ease of implementation, and is suitable for resolution on the side of the power source, on the side of the grid and on the end of the user.
Renewable power generation and load time mismatches. With downside costs and policy end support, the global large storage market enters a fast and long term, with the world ' s larger reserves projected to reach 65.37gwh in 2023 and 216.55gwh in 2031 and cagr in 22 years.
Lithium carbonate prices have fallen significantly since the beginning of the year, and storage is gradually becoming economically economical. According to the price quote for lithium silicate, the average price for lithium carbonate was 205,000 yuan per tonne in April of the year, a decrease of about 66% compared to the previous offer of $600,000 per tonne, a significant decline, although since May there has been a reversal in lithium carbonate prices, but a decrease of 500,000 yuan per tonne compared to 22 years.
Prices are still low, and lower prices for raw materials are expected to stimulate the need for storage capacity. Figure 25: The price of lithium carbonate (thousands/tonne) is moving.
According to public data on storage and electricity markets, according to the 14th Five-Year Plan for development of storage capacity, published in 2022 by 20 provinces/municipalities/autonomous regions of the country, the size of the storage capacity in these regions is expected to be close to 54gw by 2025, and according to incomplete public statistics on storage capacity and electricity equipment, 74 items were counted between January and April 2023.
Figure 26: The size of the domestic storage-based winning projects Overseas, US policy subsidies stimulate storage-energy demand, and European energy crisis catalyses household storage development. United States: federal-level tax-exempt allowance for itc+ira: U.S. photovoltaic power generation and its distribution projects are common
30% of the tax on the return of investments, or 30% of the value added tax. In August 2022, the United States passed the ira bill, which is expected to stimulate the development of the reserve: 1) for the first time, the independent reserve would be able to be included in the itc credit, which would be able to fall back gradually after 33 years; 3) the credit level would be further strengthened, with the credit allocation being based on the credit +
The US storage market is growing rapidly. According to eia statistics, the cumulative capacity of the battery storage system deployed in the United States in 2022 was about 8.8gw, an increase of 87% compared to the previous year; the United States is expected to deploy a new 9.4gw storage system in 2023, with a cumulative storage capacity of 18.2gw, an increase of 107% compared to the previous year.
Figure 27: Cumulative load of batteries in the United States, 2017-2023e Europe: Europe’s household load rose rapidly in 22 years. The Russian-Ukrainian conflict exacerbated the energy crisis in Europe, with large increases in natural gas, oil prices, and electricity prices for European multinational residents.
Repowereu’s plan stimulates the storage energy market, and an increasing number of households in Europe are shifting to photovoltaic and storage energy consumption. According to the European Household Storage Energy Outlook Report, published by the Solarpowereope Association, the capacity of households in Europe is expected to reach 3.9 gwh (medium) in 2022, an increase of 71% compared to 2021.
The company’s large-scale storage system operations are designed for the development, integration, sale, installation and transport of large-capacity energy systems on the side of the grid and on the side of the power source.
In 2018, Csiq, the controlling shareholder, began moving into the storage energy industry, completed the first storage energy project in 2019, after five years of development, the company ' s storage energy product became more mature and widely recognized in the market, and in 2022, the cumulative output of the company ' s storage energy system reached 2.3gw as of January 23, with the company forecasting 23 years.
The company's current solbank storage system is a storage system solution for large ground power stations with a 3mwhh capacity, a liquid cooling and humidity control programme, a variable frequency and a natural cooling water unit, and a core temperature solution.
In addition, the programme uses the active balance bms programme, which allows a 1% capacity increase per full cycle, improves the depth of system discharge, and introduces the strictest fire-fighting facility.
The product meets the latest international standards for safety and regional certification and is certified as Eurobill, US dollar and national. Figure 31: Corporate solbank storage energy system
In terms of storage, the company released an epcube household storage energy product last year, which has the following advantages: 1) Capacity can be expanded and customized, with a capacity range covering 9.9kwh-19.9kwh. 2) Space is small, with a thin minimum of only 16 cm. 2) Light weight, easy to install, one-size storage energy module and self-configuration function, which can be fast-tracked
Debugs. 3) Flexibility is high and can be used, in addition to newly installed systems, for adapted communication, straight flow coupling and photovoltaic systems. In addition, the company has access to a management energy storage system accompanying the product, which allows owners to monitor the production and consumption of energy by applying real-time monitoring, access to home energy management and wireless (ota) software renewal services, and the installation of personnel.
The application can be used to set up and remove system failures. 4 Profit forecasting and investment recommendation 4.1 Profit forecasting assumptions are separated from business
In the context of the expansion of the company's productive capacity, it is expected that the size of the company's component will increase year by year, and as the company's integration rate increases, storage capacity: as of the end of 23q1, the company's storage system integration operations had 22.8 GWh of the energy system's order reserve, which, according to the company's plan, has been installed for 23 years between 1.8 and 2gwh and with the company.
As a result, we anticipate that other operations of the company will include photovoltaic systems (selling components in combination with racks, reversors, transformers, etc.) and photovoltaic pec, with the price of the photovoltaic chain, depending on the needs of the client.
Down the road, the photovoltaic system and the epc business are expected to grow steadily. The company is leading the photovoltage component, so we've chosen the same Lungi green energy, Skynet, Halo energy, crystals technology, and crystal energy as comparable companies, based on the June 19 closing price.
An average of 14 x 11x0 per year for 23-24 years, with a high share of corporate overseas operations, a continuous increase in integration rates, and a sufficient stock of hand orders, with some value premiums compared to comparable companies, with room for improvement. Component leaders, with continuous expansion of integrated production capacity, are expected to increase the volume of deliveries, and storage systems are expected to operate.
The company’s current valuation is low, covered for the first time, with a “recommended” rating. Downstream demand is less than expected: the main driver of global photovoltaic growth has been transformed into economic demand, and global photovoltaics as a whole show a steady growth trend.
Growth continues to rely on policy pull, and as emerging-market countries contribute their share of global photovoltaics, volatility in industrial policies will affect global demand for photovoltaics. Price volatility of upstream raw materials: silicon prices have increased considerably since 2020, and prices of complementary materials such as film, glass, etc.
The price of raw materials also fluctuates, as the profitability of downstream assembly plants is squeezed and production capacity expands less than expected: companies are integrated leaders in the photovoltaic industry and now have expansion schemes in silicon, batteries, assembly and accessories, which, if not expanded, will affect the volume of the company's output and, consequently, the company's output.
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.