The N-type integration continues to rise, and the globalization strategy has advanced dramatically by billions of yuan, an increase of 39 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother is $5,077 million, an increase of 111 per cent in the same year.
Of this total, q3 achieved a revenue of $31.7 billion, a 41 per cent increase in the same year and a 13.1 per cent increase in the ring; and a net profit of $1,537 million for the current mother, a 35.7 per cent increase in the same year and a 13.3 per cent decline in the ring.
1. The first three seasons, 2. The first three seasons, 2. The first three seasons.
45-46gw, of which q3 was delivered about 18.5gw, recognized revenue of about 16gw, measured single-watt profit of 0.11/w (excluded asset impairment effects), ring decline of about 3.
$0.01/w, mainly due to the delayed price reduction of the q3 component and the increase in the price of silicon materials. With the company’s capacity to climb production of silicon and topcon batteries under construction, the company’s self-supply ratio of silicon and the share of topcon batteries is expected to increase continuously, fully safeguarding the competitiveness and profitability of future products.
Distributive systems maintain high levels of profitability and build-ups and storage competitiveness continue to improve. q3 The company achieves distributional photovoltaic system output of about 2.5gw and measures single-watt profit maintenance; The build-up of about 2.3gw is expected to yield a small profit. q3 is expected to have a slight loss on its energy plate.
A memorandum of cooperation on the Emirates project was signed, and the strategy of globalization was actively pursued. On 18 October, the company announced the signing of a memorandum of understanding on cooperation on the United Arab Emirates project, with the intention of investing in the China-Arab (U.S.) energy-producing model park and in the Khalifa economic zone.
The vertically integrated large base project, with a planned capacity of about 50,000 tons of high pure silicon, 30gw crystal silicon and 5gw battery assemblies, is built in three stages. The company currently produces 6.5gw in South-East Asia, is building 5gw in the United States, and is working with overseas production capacity.
Companies are expected to improve fully the competitiveness of high-profit markets abroad. Credits and assets are reduced by $1.089 billion, assets are guaranteed quality and profitability are healthy, $321 million is lost, fixed assets are impaired by $622 million, and raw materials prices are volatile.
With the changes in battery technology, the company ' s prudent accounting for bad debts and loss of assets is expected to ensure a better level of quality and future profitability of equipment assets.
An analysis of the ratings of the relevant reports in the market within one month and two months of the week.