\triangleright October 29, 2023
The net profit, not attributable to the mother, is 1,408 million yuan, which is +29.14 per cent of the year. The company’s revenue increases are mainly the result of a similar increase in the output of photovoltaic components, scavities, distributed systems and storage energy products, profit increases are the result of a gradual release of the main n-silicon production, and the combined cost of the company’s components is further reduced, with its own power cores and good rate of improvement and storage capacity.
In terms of profits, the q3 Māori rate for 23 years is \triangleright.
According to the Sobi Photovolt statistics, the company's first three quarters of the year was about 45-46gw, the top three in the industry.
\triangleright, Australia's Allengergy Exhibition, promoted the Grand N 700w+ Series and the Grand N Family. The i-topcon-based 700w+ Ultra Power Component took the lead in achieving volume production, cutting light.
Wang, like the power station bos system costs and decomposition costs, match market demand and secure the terminal customer ' s value. s01052300004
A new era of storage energy can be created by creating a new era of storage energy.
Ju Beino's new platentia. Batteries, by optimising the core structure and the intellectual process, are in the sky battery chamber at 0100522120001.
The energy of the system was raised from the original generation of 3.727mwh to 5.015mwh, with the Triple 314ah cots, with less battery arrays of excess assigned amounts. At the same time, the implementation of the packplus technology significantly reduced the costs of late maintenance, and a few intellectuals were able to compete in the market.
The research assistant, Lin Fook, has a comprehensive coverage of digital energy management. Sky-consortium captures trends in market innovation and potential demand to sustain the vertical integration of global light storage on a high-speed, iterative energy track with mature products.
Investment proposals: Companies continue to exploit global brands and channel market advantages, and the output of components is expected to increase. At the same time, companies further enrich the energy product lines, superimpose their own power cores and improve the rate of improvement.
As globalization has accelerated and new technologies have regressed, city occupancy and profitability are expected to continue to rise, and the 22-year (688599.sh) release of Trina (688599) and 23-year releases may result in new increases for companies, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Quarterly review: Deepening the integrated layout to increase profitability and to open up the growing ceiling - 2023/04/28 3. Tri-quarter reporting point, 2022
Review: Enhanced integrated layout, power-n battery track-20 4. Sky alloy energy (688599.sh): semi-annual report 2022: significant growth in performance and enhanced competitiveness of integrated layouts
5. Trina Light Energy (688599.sh) 2021 and 22 Quarterly Review: fast growth of component shipments, profit margin 2022/04/30
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.