Performance continues to grow, integrated industries are well organized, companies publish three-quarterly reports in 2023, 2023q1-q3 achieve operating income of $81.119 billion, \triangleright
In January, the company ' s 10gwn-type Topcon battery and 10gwn-type components were fully operational. The company ' s active layout of the n-type battery area has achieved an average efficiency of 25.8% of the current maximum yield line, and the 700w-to-gran component has been produced. The company expects to produce silicon by the end of 2023.
The power of the film, the battery, and the component can reach 50 gw, 75gw, 95gw, respectively, of which the n i-topcon battery can produce up to 40 gw. Continuous enhancement of the overall solution capability of the photovoltaic system.
\triangleright's tracking stand was broken again in the Latin American market, and the company signed an agreement with China on the supply of a tracking shelf for the Latin American region's Kolon Beataipui light-voltage power station, which will provide 108mw intelligent tracking.
Systems, corporate support operations, year-round delivery target of 8gw and above. Distributed system operations, year-round target of 10gw and above. At the same time, companies are constantly enriching the landscape of distributed photovoltaic applications, and in the home setting, the pioneering launch of the “Friendly Gardens”, in the business and industry sector, has introduced a new-day energy wave of 3.0 pro.
The photovoltaic housing maintenance system drives the energy transformation of buildings. Storage operations are expanding and the layout of integrated industries is expanding rapidly.
Target 3-4gwh. At the end of the manufacturing capacity, the company is deeply vertically integrated, and the Division expects a combination of energy batteries, straight-flow batteries and direct-flow products to reach 12 gwhSindah Securities Co. Ltd. by the end of 2023.
Risk factors: less photovoltaic demand than expected, risk of changes in technology routes, less progress in production than expected
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the photovoltaic sector, a former assistant for research in the new energy and electrical equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Science, University of Nakayama, and in 2022 for research in the electrical equipment and storage energy sector.
Chen Jie, member of the team, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research Centre in 2022, in charge of the lithium electric materials industry. Sun Sun, Assistant Researcher, New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, in charge of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, in 2022, in charge of the new energy motors, Li Woo-jin, member of the team, Master of Economics, National University of Australia, Bachelor of Finance and Economics, Shanghai University, in 2023, in charge of Photovoltaics Research and Development Centre
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.