Twilight Bios (300122): The conventional species are gradually recovering, and the new crown vaccine is expected to perform overseas medical biology company basics (update)
Routine batch issuance is gradually restored, and the foreign market for new crown vaccines is to be expected. Total equity/distribution units (millions)
In return, it is expected to return to good growth. The new crown vaccine has contributed significantly, with a cumulative vaccination dose of 2,268 million doses in the country and has almost completed the first round of free share-rate performance (most recently).
Vaccinations, and the greater performance of future products, come mainly from overseas markets. At present, the company’s new crown vaccine has been secured in Uzbekistan and Indonesia, in two countries, eua, and is expected to make a major breakthrough in the overseas market in q4 or next year.
During the reporting period, the company sold 54,01% of Māori, an increase of 13.99 pp over the same period, benefiting mainly from a significant increase in the harvest of a new crown vaccine for its own products. On the pipeline, the company constructed a better “diagnosis, prevention, prevention,” in the field of tuberculosis.
The “Treatment” system, which has a good competitive advantage in this area; cervical cancer vaccine and pentavalent vaccine, in terms of proxy products, are still at a good growth stage; from the development of tubes and cells, the freezing of rabies vaccine (vero cells), the four-priced influenza virus bursting.
Products such as disabling vaccines are in the clinical stage of three, and as the research product evolves, the variety of corporate autonomous products is expected to grow.  Profit predictions: new crown vaccines are expected to be released on a sustainable basis, producing results for the company’s performance
Without considering the impact of the performance of the new crown vaccine, we maintain a projection of the company’s failure to meet the expected risks; the safety risks of the vaccine industry.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.