The Sini Sanctuary, the wise flying creature (300122.sz) and the pharmaceutical creature.
Reason for the report: 3-quarterly tabloid q3 performance continues to grow at a high rate, with significant contribution from autonomous products 29 October 2021
The company issued a three-quarterly report on operating income of $21,829 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 97.55 per cent over the previous three quarters; a net return profit of $8,404 million, an increase of 239.05 per cent over the same period; and a high and sustained growth in the performance of after graduation q3 and a significant contribution from autonomous products.
For autonomous products, the company’s new crown vaccine was put into emergency use in March this year, contributing more profit: acyw135, ac combined vaccine, continued to accelerate.
It is assumed that with the release of the country’s new crown vaccination pressure, the release of products such as the Hpv vaccine has been restored. Companies’ profitability has continued to increase, raising the Māori ratio by 13.99 percentage points in the previous three quarters.
By 1.80 percentage points, the management cost rate by 0.36 percentage points on the same date, the financial cost rate, and the new crown vaccine iii period data show a bright future, which is expected to open up the overseas market. The new crown vaccine has been vaccinated on a large scale in the home country, and the overseas market has become a new business growth point.
According to the data, the protection of the company ' s new crown vaccine against any serious covid-19 is 100 per cent for cases of severe illness and above and deaths; the protection of alpha mutagenic strains is 28th floor of ITC, 69th Street West of Taiwon City.
It's 92.93% protective; it's 77.54% protective of Delta mutagenic strains.
Good safety and disease prevention are expected to gradually open up overseas markets. Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. has successfully developed its own products, many of which are entering a critical period.
Critical period of entry to the market or to the clinical scene: preventive microcards and ec diagnostic formulations have been manufactured and are about to contribute; flu virus fission vaccine, 23 valent pneumonia vaccine has completed clinical trials; 15 valent pneumonia combination vaccine, rabies vaccine (mrc-5) for frozen people, rabies for frozen people
In addition, companies are investing in biology, mrna technology. The company has a rich and well-structured pipeline, and the market for autonomous products will continue to improve.
Risks to the safety of medicines; industry policy risks; risk of underdevelopment; risk of bad debt; industry attitude; independent and objective presentation of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I have undertaken not to use my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.