Strategic framework agreement signed with the China Central Institute of Microelectronics, with semiconductor operations on a continuous basis.
In conjunction with the Chinese Academy microelectronics, a high-end semiconductor industrial park has been set up, with 5g, mm wave communications, and taherz, among the emerging compounds semiconductor industries.
It is the country's most complete integrated research and development agency with two priority laboratories of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in the field of microelectronics, four industry service research and development centres, five industry application research and development centres and three core products.
The partners will focus on the advantages of the China-China equity industry and on the technological advantages and patenting of the China-China Microelectronics Institute.
In the area of high-end communications, the emerging semiconductor industries of 5g communications, millimetre wave communications, taherz, etc., build high-end semiconductor industrial parks in the high-technology development areas of the Dotsung Ocean.
In the planning area of the Tonto Ocean High District Council, Tech Park Construction Ltd. co-founded the Park General Corporation, which is responsible for the construction, operation and management of the park area; the Chinese Academy considers this company's move to move forward with the construction of the high-end semiconductor sector park to be public.
One of the initiatives taken by the Division to further expand its semiconductor operations is its own core. The market has been dominated by the company’s photovoltaic monosilica business, but as a semiconductor with more than 50 years of history, it has been leading our semiconductor silicon technology.
The major state-owned enterprises, which place much greater emphasis on semiconductors within the company than light volts, and after the completion of the four and four transformations of this monocrystal industry, we believe that semiconductor operations will be the biggest variable in the growth of the company ' s performance over the next few years.
The silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon with light voltage is expected to be close to Lungi by the end of 2018, stable at the second highest level in the country. The high-efficiency solar energy project, which the company invested $9,852 million in construction, is about to be completed by the end of 2017.
The bottom company's single crystal silicon silicon output, 11gw, is expected to expand to 23gw by the end of 2018, and is close to the Lungi equity extension target of 28gw, which will be second-largest in the country after Lungi.
The supply of silicon material has been secured; the 10gw tin-free slicing plant has now been completed: the supply channel for part of the monocrysil silicon has been secured downstream through a joint venture with Sunpower, the superplate battery assembly plant, 5gw (37 per cent of the company's shares).
The price of single crystal silicon is in a downward path, and the company has taken a number of initiatives to reduce the cost stability of the Māori rate. The price of single silicone silicon was reduced for the fourth time in the year of Lungi shares, starting on February 23, 2018, with the domestic price of 156*156mm silicon silicon silicon silicon reduced from 4.8 yuan per piece.
To $4.55 per piece, the foreign price has been revised from $0.67 per piece down to $0.63 per silicon monocrysil miller, which basically follows the fall in the price of Lungi’s shares. At the cost end, the company is still slicing the rings because of its disadvantage in terms of depreciation of the plant.
The company is the largest manufacturing base for 6 inches and 8 inches of polish in the Chinese region, and it is full.
The third company with the production capacity of a single crystal silicon in the 8-inch zone, which is currently molten, is the third and first-largest country in the world, with three main production bases: Inner Mongolia, Tianjin, and Jiangsu.
It has already achieved 8 inches of straight single crystal production and has successfully developed lowcop, copfree single crystal technology, taking advantage of the technological breakthroughs of the previous 8 inches of straight single crystal, autonomously designing and developing 12 inches of straight single crystal growth hot spots and processes.
The Tianjin base is dominated by molten crystals, and in March 2018, 8 inches of polished film production reached 100,000 metres/month, with an expected 300,000 metres/month after the project was completed in October 2018.
At the same time, a 12-inch polish plate test line has been set up, which is expected to produce 20,000 units per month by the end of 2018. The 6-8 inch smelting film for the gbt device is entering on a continuous basis through certification by domestic and foreign customers.
The fast-tracking phase further established the company’s leading position in the market for the smelting film. At the same time, the company combines eight inches of direct remixing with the development of lowcop/copfree single crystals, 8 inch polishers, and combines power-oriented devices produced by the outreach manufacturer.
The 8-inch redistribution polishing film is rapidly increasing through client verification; while the lowcop product in the integrated circuits field is also moving fast in client certification, some of the products are entering the production phase and are being further directed to the shopfree in conjunction with the customer's request.
The Jiangsu base is dominated by large diameter polishing, and the company, in partnership with the Crystal Gear and Tinless Industries Development Group, has established the Medium Ring Lead Semiconductor Materials Company Ltd., which invests $3 billion in two instalments (first-phase investment size 15).
In the 12 inch silicon silicon manufacturing area, the equipment is expected to be field-tested in the fourth quarter of 2018. After the completion of the two phases of the project, the 8 inch silica output is expected to be 750,000 silica per month in 2022, and the 12 inch silica capacity is expected to be 600,000.
Nine, which compares with the purity requirement of 4 to 6 silicon silicon silicon silicon with photovoltaics, so only Beijing currently has manufacturing capacity for silicon silicon silicon inches, and 12 inches of silicon silicon are not yet produced by manufacturers.
Energy, the company’s large silicone project has reached the post-partum stage, and there is much room for import substitution in comparison with its demand for nearly 4.8 million silicon tablets. In 2018, the company’s single crystal silicon silicon output continued to rise, but the price of the silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
The premise of a significant increase in the production capacity of 8 inches of silicon is that we have adjusted the company to 2017, above expectations; that the construction of the middle-ring lead semiconductor material company has not progressed as expected; and that the sales of the silicon of the company ' s semiconductor have not gone as far as expected.
Pan Young-Long: Nine years of experience in securities research at Xiamen University, joined the Chinese Securities Research and Development Department in September 2017, mainly in research and follow-up areas: the new energy sector for electrical equipment, and the non-monetary financial sector. The report was produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and views expressed in the report do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
An independent assessment shall be made, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc.