Foreign earnings are growing rapidly, and coal industry and industry are helping to increase. August 27, 2025 Chinese chemistry (60117.sh)
Of this amount, chemical engineering generated 74,812 million yuan, an increase of 1.21 per cent, or 83.06 per cent, in comparison with the previous year; infrastructure realized $9,110 million, or 10.02 per cent, in comparison with the previous year; and environmental governance achieved, or 10.11 per cent.
Dollars, 8.73 per cent, or 5.36 per cent, over the same period; modern services, with revenue of $805 million, improved profitability, and a steady increase in new contracts. The company ' s Mār. 2025h1 ratio was 9.58 per cent, and the newly signed design supervisory consultancy contract was $1,594 million, or 0.77 per cent; and new business contracts and sales of new materials were signed.
Coal industry and industrial projects have become growth points and foreign markets have shown good performance. Companies have been able to innovate autonomously in a number of areas, such as traditional chemicals, new coal-chemicals, new chemical materials, green and environmental technologies, hydrogen energy use, etc.
Production research and co-innovation have led to a series of technological and engineering technologies, which have broken through a number of key “crystal” techniques, such as dichloride, cold, hydrogenification multi-crystal silicon, poe elastomers, high-end environmental catalysts, with coal industry accounting for more than 90% of the country’s municipalities.
In the 10 largest countries of the year, such as Stan, where the share of market contracts exceeds 70%, countries along the “one-way” route have accumulated valuable market development and project implementation experience of over $100 billion.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness.