Research report on the Woo-to-Travel (600066) The development of the train industry has slowed, and the U-Travel industry has become a stronger leader.
The growth of the bus industry has been slow, for one reason: the growth of the urban public transport market has slowed. The most central factor influencing the urban public transport market is the city.
S1481607027 Down, and the urbanization process in Chinese cities is still on the rise, so that the volume of production of urban public transport will remain on the rise, albeit at a slower pace.
The reason for this is the decline in the market for long-distance passenger traffic. There is a certain decline in demand in the road passenger market, mainly due to the replacement of high iron and the stringent approval of long-distance passenger routes.
The growth of the tourist industry is gradually increasing, but since the tourist bus market accounts for a small proportion of the total passenger vehicle market, the circulationb/h share (millions)
So it's not going to be a big push for the overall market. The idea is that the U-Travel is based on three logics: the U-Travel Industry is strong and the city's share is rising even further.
The reason for this is that Woo-Tong’s Māori ratio is far ahead of other competitors in the industry, and there is a trend toward a gradual increase. The reason is that because Woo-Tung uses a vertically integrated production system, most spare parts are self-supporting.
Woo-tung’s cost increases Woo-tung’s operating profits. Woo-tung’s cash flow is also sufficient to facilitate its recommended logic two: the marginal improvement of new energy vehicles, and the second half of Woo-tung’s new energy passenger vehicles.
With the economic development of emerging market countries, the Woo-tung brand is expected to become more recognized, and Yu-tung's overseas business is now forecast and valued: we're looking at the company's performance in the second half of 2017 with the new energy bus, which is expected to be the company 1, Woo-tung's bus (600066): the industry is going down.
Leisure management to enhance long-term profitability 2013-03-28 4 and Research Brief on the Wootongbus (600066): Schoolbuses, buses and export-driven sustained growth 2012-10-31
East's financial and intellectual source of revenue, U.S. bus (600066): long-term industry leader 1. U.S. bus: U.S. bus leader.
The company, which is preceded by a Cheongzhou bus repair plant established in 1963, has developed for more than 50 years and has formed a complete product chain comprising 84 series in the country and 50 series overseas, covering a variety of market segments such as road passenger transport, tourism, public transport, groups, school buses, specialized buses, etc.
At present, it has become the world's largest single factory, the most advanced medium-sized passenger vehicle production base with technological and technological conditions.Figure 1: Woo-train equity structure, according to the company's quarterly report, JUNG Woo-tung Group Ltd. is the first major shareholder of the Woot-tung bus, with 37.91 per cent of the shares.
The top 10 shareholders together account for 61.21% of the total stock stock, 36% of the products are bulked, 53% of the customers are light, 11% are the company’s main product, and their share is on the increase.
Figure 2: Utun ' s operating income and growth rate
Utunbus (600066): Long-term promising industrial leader 2. The growth of the bus industry has slowed down, with a steady saturation of the market and a 5% drop in sales throughout the year.
The Chinese market sold about 5.46 million vehicles, 29 per cent less than last year ' s total of 7.63 million vehicles. We expect that the overall growth rate will be steady in 2015 and 2016 as a result of a marked increase in the stimulus provided by the new energy subsidy policy.
The central influence of the urban transport market is urbanization, and the urban urbanization process in China is still on the move.
In the upswing phase, urban bus sales will remain on the rise, albeit at a slower rate. In January-June 2017, urban bus sales were 17241, a decrease of 44.1 per cent compared to the 44.1 per cent.
There has been a certain decline in demand in the road passenger market, mainly due to the replacement of high irons and the stringent approval of long-distance passenger routes. Rail transport is more economical than road transport, and the mobile teams are better than long-distance passengers, regardless of their speed, environment or safety, and their planned passenger routes are more profitable for long-distance passenger transport.
At the same time, the country is deliberately reducing long-distance passenger routes, which are more than 800 km long-distance passenger routes, will no longer approve new routes, and the existing long-distance passenger routes, which are more than 800 km long-distance, will be phased out. The sale of 21340 on the long-distance passenger market in January-June 2017 will be 16% less than last year.
Figure 3: Market sales for long-distance passenger traffic, Figure 4: Road passenger traffic as a proportion of total passenger traffic
The main factor influencing the demand for tourist buses is tourism. As people's standard of living rises, tourism becomes the dominant form of leisure and recreation. So, the tourist bus market is a long-term good idea, but the problem is that
The ratio in this market is so small that it is not enough to influence the trend. 3. The three logics recommended are three in the mature bus market:
(b) The new energy bus will be released in the second half of the year;
3.1 A steady head of industry, with a gradual increase in the city ' s share, shows that in 2016 Woo-Tung had 28 per cent and 38 per cent respectively, both ranked first in the passenger and Chinese markets, with a cumulative sales volume of 8744 in January-June 2017, accounting for 31 per cent of the passenger market and mid-June.
The market accumulated 9947, or 38% of the Chinese market. Woo-tung’s uncontroversial business is the leading business in the Chinese sector.
Figure 4: Middle passenger market share, 2016
As can be seen from the table below, the Māori rate and net interest rate for Wootong in 2016 are 27.82% and 11.44% respectively, which are far higher than the major competitors in the same industry. Wootung has this high Māori rate mainly because Wootong uses a vertically integrated production system and most spare parts are self-supporting.
The cost of purchasing spare parts is equal to, or even lower than, market prices, thereby winning the Māori rate. At the same time, both the more operational and supply chain management capabilities of General can reduce the cost of Utsun and increase the Māori ratio of passenger-car enterprises.
The Woo-tung bus, the Golden Dragon bus, the An-Kay bus.
The Assam bus, the middle bus, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Utunbus (600066): The long-held industrial boom, the increase in the penetration of new energy buses, has kept Wootong’s Māori ratio high. Although the profits of new energy vehicles have declined as a result of the downside of the new energy subsidies, we find that in the first quarter of 2017, we have been able to find that we have a better chance of getting a new energy vehicle.
The ratio of gross domestic product (GDP) for Woo-to-Travel is 24.02 per cent, which is no change from 24.2 per cent in the same period last year, and will remain high with the revival of the new energy bus market in the second half of the year, the end of consumer watch, the gradual addition of local government purchases, and the annual rate of gross domestic product (GDP) for production and sales.
Figure 6: Utunbus Māori ratio, with the introduction of the 30,000 km policy for new energy sources and the extension of the time frame for receipt by companies, is not a small challenge to the management of each company ' s cash, especially for some small companies, probably due to a lack of liquidity.
And the Woo-tung bus is, in terms of cash flow, quite abundant, as can be seen from the table below. The cash flow has been much higher than that of other competitors in the industry over the past three years.
In the second half of the year, the 3.2-woobus new energy bus will be sold poorly in the first half of the year, with 12271 vehicles sold in January-June, down 66.8 per cent from the same period last year.
The main reason for this is that the re-approval of the new energy application catalogue, coupled with the downside of the new energy subsidy policy and the strong policies of the last two years that have stimulated the demand for part of the new energy buses, has led to a decline in sales in the first half of the year. However, in previous years, there has been a seasonal trend in the sale of new energy buses, which has generally increased in the third and fourth quarters compared to the one and two quarters.
Moreover, with the launch of the catalogue of new energy applications in seven batches, we expect a recovery in the volume of new energy passenger vehicle sales in the second half of the year, with a slight decrease in sales throughout the year compared to the same period last year.
In the first half of 2017, a total of 3014 vehicles were produced, a decline of 57 per cent over the same period. It is expected that during the second half of the year, a significant amount of new energy products will be released for the new energy passenger vehicle.
The East's financial and intellectual boomerang, Woo-tung bus (600066): Long-term career leader, 3.3-twee-twee-twee-twee-twee-twee-twee-twee-tung, has been growing steadily in the overseas market.
As we can see from the figure below, Woo usually collects more than 10 per cent of the total in every year, and in 2011, apart from the company ' s initiative to reduce overseas operations in 2015 as a result of the new energy policy stimulus, overseas operations are an important part of the Utunbus and have the potential for sustained growth.
There's a good value for money, and there's a strong capacity for overseas market expansion. Especially in the Asian-African market, the bus is very competitive, and as the emerging market economies develop, the number of UTA exports will increase.
Figure 3: Revenue from overseas business of the Uttarbus, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the Utopia (600066): long-term industry leaders
5. Profit forecasts compared to valuations 4 companies averaged 25.49 times in 2017, and because Woo-tung was the leader of the industry, I
The East is a source of wealth and wisdom, and the U.S. bus (600066) is a long-serving leader in the business, and the East is a source of wealth and wisdom.
Woo-tung bus (600066): Long-term industry leader Yang Jo-joo, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of portfolio research experience, good at capturing the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context.
Sun Horan, a graduate student in finance at the Chinese People’s University, joined the East Hing Bond in 2016.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.