New energy buses are warming up, and the next half of the year is expected to improve.
The sales of new energy buses are expected to rise in the second half of the year as the negative factors affecting the industry fade away, leading to improved company performance in the second half of the year. Policy certainty is raised, and the new energy bus industry is expected to warm in the second half of the year.
The impact is that overall sales in the new energy bus industry declined significantly in the first half of the year (a total of 17,952 vehicles were sold over 5 metres, a 47.14 per cent decline over the same period, according to the China-China network). With the introduction of a subsidy policy for new energy cars throughout the country, and the start of the new energy bus bidding requirements, the new energy bus market is expected to be available.
At the same time, the new energy bus industry has eliminated zombie businesses and inefficient bus businesses by re-checking and cataloguing subsidies in the first half of the year, accelerating the success of the industry and increasing market concentration towards the industry. The company is the leader of the new energy bus industry (the first six months of the year, when the new energy bus was sold 3385).
The market share and product advantage are expected to increase further. Of the seven new energy vehicle recommendations issued this year, Woo-tung's new energy passenger vehicle was selected for 123, the largest number of passenger vehicle brands selected.
From the bottom up, the company’s new energy bus sales are expected to continue to rise in the second half of the year. From the “one-way” policy, overseas markets have steadily increased. Companies are working deep into their domestic passenger-car markets, while also actively exploring overseas markets, and marketing services networks have reached Europe, the CIS, the Americas, Africa, Asia and the Pacific, and China.
Six regions of the world, East and East. Thanks to the implementation of a “one-way” policy, companies have received more export orders in recent years, and the volume of overseas exports has been growing year by year. In the first half of 17 years, companies sold 4356 buses in overseas markets, compared to Liu Wenting.
The pace of overseas markets will accelerate, and the increase in export volumes will have a positive impact on company performance. The first half of the year was influenced by new energy passenger cars, which are subject to additional checks and uncertainties in local extension policies.
Sales are expected to increase, leading to better corporate performance in the second half of the year. (i) Māori net interest rates remain stable and more profitable than their counterparts.
Large product competitiveness and cost-control capabilities bring higher profitability than their peers. Figure 4: Comparison of Māori rates of listed companies in the bus industry (ii) III. Increases in fees and continuous increases in R & D inputs
The rising trend is due, on the one hand, to an increase in the cost of sales due to an increase in post-sale service charges for new energy buses, and, on the other hand, to an increase in the financial cost due to an increase in the net loss on exchange due to the devaluation of the renminbi.
5.42% of ongoing R & D investment has enabled companies to develop new energy, intelligence, safety, energy conservation, comfort, environmental, etc. technologies for passenger vehicles, and to develop corresponding leading technologies and product advantages.
(i) Increased policy certainty, the prospect of a return in the second half of the new energy passenger vehicle industry, the impact of such factors as fraudulent supplemental verification and subsidy drops, and the overall decline in sales in the new passenger vehicle industry in the first half of the year (a total of 17,952 new energy passenger vehicles were sold for more than 5 metres, compared with 47.14 per cent in the second half of the year).
In parallel with the introduction of local subsidy policies and the start-up of new energy bus bidding requirements, the new energy bus market is expected to warm up. Meanwhile, the new energy bus industry has phased out a number of zombie businesses and inefficient bus businesses through the first half of the year’s subsidy verification and review of the catalogue, accelerating the industry’s success rate and increasing market concentration towards the industry’s leader.
The market share and product advantage are expected to increase even further. Of the seven new energy vehicle recommendations issued this year, the Woo-toon new energy passenger vehicle was selected for the largest number of passenger vehicle brands. The large-scale vehicle roll-out catalogue was released for the second half of Woo-toon new energy passenger vehicles.
In the second half of the year, the company's new energy bus sales are expected to increase. (ii) Benefiting from the “one-way” policy, overseas market sales have steadily increased.
Six major regions around the world, such as the Americas, Africa, Asia and the Pacific, and the Middle East, have far-reaching products from countries and regions requiring major global buses, such as the United Kingdom, France, Russia, Venezuela, Cuba, South Africa, Nigeria, Australia, the Philippines, Saudi Arabia, and Iran. Benefiting from the implementation of the “one-way” policy, companies have received more export orders in recent years, and exports from abroad have grown each year.
Overseas markets sell 4356 buses, an increase of 16.94% over the previous year, and meet the annual target of 50.68%. As “one-way” policies deepen, the pace of outreach to overseas markets will accelerate, and the increase in export volumes will have a positive impact on corporate performance.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data