Awhollyowned subsidiaryofinamerchantsbank chinaeverbrightbank-a (60181ch) buy
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
The bank's skeydigitalization initiative, Chinabankingsector offersagreatboattolitebasegrowthandpotentialearnings, inourview.
• Thelargeshopen-endedpaymentplatforminchina. retailbusinsand terrysun, cfa technologyutinationalforceb'strategicgoalof'buildingfirst-
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like you're going to have to do it, but you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it.
)feeincome, includingagencyand stockdata
Platformaccessfee, Wasrm160mn (up159% yoy) in 2018 andexpected mktcap (rmmmmn) toreachrm300mnin2019; 2) depositinflowfrompayationrevening
avg3mthst/o(rmmn) 52whigh/low(rmb) institutions, asheyhavetosepacacouncebforsettmentandlearing
Totalissuedshares(mn) 39,811(a) surpose; 3)collectionofmassiveuserdataandconversionofusesinto
12,679 (h) Customersofthebank.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, overseeschinesetown wmsubsidiary; 2) creditbusinessreinsastrateegicfocus, butgroveth willmoderateduetoproactiveriskcontrol,e.g.restrictingtheusageofcredit
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know, overviewofcludpayment largestopenen-endedpaymentplatpointforminchina setupin 2008, cloudpaymentisoneofceb'sinitiativestocarryoutclusivefinanceand
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
From 2015 to 2018, both members of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia are working hard to find a way out of this situation.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
i) fieecome, includingagency and platformaaccessfe, wasrm160mn (up159% yoy) in 2018 andexpectedtoreach rmb300mnin2019;ii) depositinflowfropaymentreveveinstitutions, parhehave
Tostruccoundionbforsettlementandclearringpurpose; 3) Collactionofmassiveuser dataandconversionofusesintobankcustomers.source:companydata, cmbis
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
"building first-class health management bank" in 2018.
unit)ofchinaeverbrightgroup.itifficultforjsbstobeatlargesoebanksinproduce,theotherethytendtostayontheforefrontofproducination.inearly 2018, ceb launchesnet-valueproductseries"sunshine" (seven-colour sunn net), whichcomperies"sunshine"
I mean, with pboc'snewassetmanagerulee. cebwasonof the firststtwojsbstorevec'sapprovalonestablishingwethmanagementsubsidiary, and thebankstargetto be the firstjsbtogetregulatomymissionbusionssoperation.
30% of the bank'srevenueinthepastyears.ofterrapidexpansionin 2016-2018, creditcardbusisesshaenceb'sstrategicfocusandcontractedtoover
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to 80?
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something like this, either.
I'm not sure if I'm the only one, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's gonna be the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's gonna be the one who's the one who's the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the guy, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, it, it's gotta it's gotta-you, it's gotta-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you
I don't know if you're the only one in the world who's got it, but you're the only one who's got it, and you're the one who's got it, and you're the one who's the one who's got it, and you're the one who's the one who's got it, and you're the one who's the one who's got it, and you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got it, and you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got it, and you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got it, and you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got it.
Nomoutook nimtrendiskelymainlargelytableonquarterlybasisin2019.assetyieldsmay furtherdecline, Butwouldbemitigatedbymetimimedloanmix,i.e.higherproportionoffetail
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, cbisfavoredbycapitalmarkettandencourtagedbycoursesrcsrc. itisalcostefectorbanks, asaveragecouponratewassonly0.5%forceb'srm30bncissuedin2017.
I'd like to thank you for your help, Mr. President, and for your help, Mr. President, for your help.
1) marketriskpremiumof 9.4%; 2) rskfeerateof3.0%; 3) sustainableroeof 11.2%; source: bloomberg, cmbis source: bloomberg, cmbis
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
Orissaerthattheanalystoveredinthysreport: (1) alloftheviewsexpressedaccrelatelyreflecthorsorersonalviewsoutthesubjectsitesecuritys orissues; and (2) nopartofofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe,directordirectly, relatedtotheotherspecialviewsexpressed bytheatanalyst inthisreport.
(b) since, since, theanalystconfirsthatneitheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefinedinthecodeofconduced by the Hongkongsecurities andfuturescompmission) (1) havedealtinortraddinthestock(s)coveredhisresearchworldof30caldardayspriortoothetateissue ofthisreport; (2) whillldelinortradehead(s)coveredhisresearchreport3businessdayofdateofdateissueissueofissuelifereport; (3)
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Market-perform underperform & international secretities limited
I don't know if I'm the only one who's got the right to be a part of it, but I'm the one who's got the right to be a part of it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if I'm the only one in the world, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I'm sorry, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, hasbeenpreparedbythecmbis, solelyforthpurposeofsuppplyinformationtotheclientsof & bisand/oritsaffiliate(s) thomitistbried.thisportisnoototandsouldnotconstruedasanofforsolicitationtobuyorsellany securityorityorityoriesorenterintoanytransaction.neith and bisnornofofaffiliates, shareholders, agents, delegates, delegates, experts, etc.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm going to do it, and I'm not going to do it, and I'm not going to do it, and I'm not going to do it, and I'm not going to do it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
And/oronbehalfistrientsfromtimetotime.investsouldassumehat & bisdoesorseekstoveinvevevevevesmentbankingorotherbusiness relationshipswith the companyinsinthysreport.asasault, recipientssowardbeawarathatt & bismayhaveaconfclificatcoldaffedact theobjectivityofthisreportandand & biswillnotassemanyreresponsionsystems
I don't know, and that's publicity, Maynotbereproduced, reprinated, sold, redistributedorpublished inwholeorinpartforanyprposewi unpriorwritten consentofcmbis.additionalinforformationonrecommended securitiesavailableuponrequest.
i) fallingwithintentional19 (5)ofthefincialeservicesandmarketsact2000 (finalpromotion) or (asamendedrommetimetime)("theorder") or (ii)areparsfalingwithinarticle49(2)(a)to(d)("hghnetworthcompanies,
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I don't know if you're going to be able to do it, but I don't know if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it.
Aninstrumentalinvestor, asdefinedthesecuritiesandfuturesact (cap.289)ofingapore, and bisgacceptslegalresponsiabilityforthecontents of the otherporttosuchpersonslytotheextentrequiredbylaw.singareccipitssowardcontactsandbisgat+656,350400formattersarerising from,orinconnectionwithotherport.