Silver International Securities and Wise Investment Corporation researched subsidiaryofchinamerchantsbank, China Gwang Da Bank-a (601818ch)
Cloud fees – Digital transition boosters Summary: We took part in the Reverses of the Big Bank, which focused on recent performance, wealth management, and science and technology development strategies. We believe that cloud fees are one of the main digital transformation strategies of the Big Bank.
Sun Ming, cfa yun’s contribution to the growth and profitability of the industry is being implemented.
The strategic goal of building a first-class wealth management bank is crucial. Cloud fees are one of the Bank's main measures in the development of inclusive finance and financial technology.
In 2018, it reached 253 million households and 206 million yuan, respectively, making the platform the largest open payment platform in China.  A significant contribution to the fees/deposit/customer base.
This should be reflected in the following three areas: 1) revenue from related fees (including agency fees and platform access charges) in the national currency; 2) contribution agencies open clearing accounts in large banks with corresponding deposits; 3) significant customer data can be collected and the platform ' s clients converted into light banks ' own customers.
• Other issues of interest to investors. 1) Big banks are leading in the transformation of wealth management, especially in product design and branding, with the goal of becoming the first formally opened equity firm of a financial subsidiary; 2) credit card operations remain a strategic focus, but the pace of development will be stabilized and wind will be strengthened, such as controlling credit.
The purpose of the card overdraft and the restructuring of clients, etc.; 3) Despite the proactive strengthening of bad recognition and disposal by big banks in 2018, management remains cautious about the quality of assets in 2019. For example, the annual net interest differential trend is expected to remain stable and interest rates on loans may decline further, although regulatory segregation is high
The cloud payment platform provides an overview of China’s largest open payment platform.
Large banks set up a cloud-paying platform in 2008 as one of the Bank’s main measures to develop inclusive finance and explore financial technology. Based on the need to meet clients’ daily payment needs, the cloud-paying platform provides a standardized, integrated, process-wide payment service to users, with individual users having access to larger banks and external generations.
Between 2015 and 2018, the number of users and transaction amounts of the cloud payment platform increased in an outbreak, reaching months in 2018, with more than 5,500 payment lines offered, covering more than 300 cities throughout the country.
The contribution of cloud fees to larger banking operations can be found in three main areas: (1) revenue from related fees (including the generation of billions of yuan); (2) the opening of a clearing account by a paying agency in a larger bank, bringing the corresponding deposits; and (3) the collection of a large number of customers.
In 2018, Big Banks established the strategic objective of “building a first-class wealth management bank.” Wealth management is also a big group.
In early 2018, the Great Light Bank introduced a series of “Sunshine Seven” net-value items that conformed to the new central bank regulations. By the first quarter of 2019, net-value products accounted for 34 per cent of the balance of property in the industry.
Large banks have also been one of the first two equity companies to have been approved to form a financial subsidiary, and they have sought to become the first financial subsidiary. Credit cards have been a strategic priority for the Great Bank, contributing more than 30% of its operating income over the past few years. As of the fourth quarter of 2018, the credit card rate of the Big Bank was 30 bases higher than the Bank ' s overall rate of non-performing loans (1.59%).
Point. Following the rapid expansion from 2016 to 2018, credit card operations will slow down and remain robust. The next concrete steps include: (1) strict control of credit card consumption flows in lieu of cash loans; (2) restructuring of clients to concentrate on the 80s and 90s and improving product design; and (3) strengthening cooperation with technology companies, such as Mi and Kyoutong.
Although big banks have taken the initiative to strengthen bad recognition and disposal in 2018, management remains cautious about the quality of assets in 2019. The main emerging failures are in excess-capacity industries, such as manufacturing and wholesale retailing, which account for 27% of corporate loans, but 57% of corporate non-performing loans.
Inclusion of over 60 days of overdue loans in non-performing loan guidance; once implemented, the Bank will face some pressure on its asset quality. If not, management remains confident that the overall asset quality will remain stable and manageable.
On the other hand, there is limited scope to move down the cost of money, but increased regulation of high-interest deposits, such as structural deposits and large deposit orders, will help keep the cost of deposits manageable. Transferable debt is not only encouraged by capital markets and regulators, but also relatively cheap for banks.
The average nominal interest rate of the 30 billion yuan debt transfer issued in 2017 was only 0.5%. Management was confident that the swap could be transferred, because good performance would support an increase in valuations.
We used ggm to value Big Light Bank-a. The main assumptions included: 1) market risk premium of 9.4%, and 2) no wind.