Big banks have maintained high profits before collection and provision, and bad recognition has been maintained.
Continuing the trend towards improvement, leading to higher profits before collection and provision. 1 quarter of corporate asset quality schedules. Maintenance of higher profits before collection and provision, poor recognition of high profits before collection and provision, and overperformance of fees and revenues.
Big banks increased their net profits by 7.5% on a year-on-year basis, in line with our expectations (7.2%); the revenue from credit card revenue increased on a year-on-year basis, on the other hand, through improvements in revenue from finance-related operations.
We expect net interest earnings to grow by more than 40% in a quarter after credit card instalments have been eliminated. Asset size is expanding faster, deposits are growing sharp, corporate assets are increasing by 8.58%/3.74% in a quarter, and scale is increasing (vs18 years).
At the end of the period, the end-of-the-cycle end-of-cycle end-of-life end-of-the-cycle end-of-life end-of-life end-of-the-cycle end-of-life end-of-life end-of-the-life end-of-the-life end-of-the-life end-of-the-life end-of-the-cycle cost ratio was also observed at 1 bp. At the end of the period, the cost of working-life liabilities remained low in a fluid environment, and in this context, the cost of paying interest liabilities was small.
The improvement in the performance of the base deposit is yet to be observed. The impact of card instalments in the first quarter is expected to remain largely stable over the four quarters of the corporate interest gap.
The company’s non-performing loan rate ratio was 1.59% for the first quarter, and we measured the negative production rate for the first quarter at 1.74% for the other quarter, but the absolute value is still higher in the stock lines. The company’s one-quarter coverage ring has increased its pressure on asset quality since the second half of the year, and we believe that the company still has a stress on the provision.
Taking into account the rapid growth of corporate credit card operations and the retail strategy to push the competitive edge to zero.
It's better than expected for asset quality to drop.
Large banks publish the first quarterly report in 2019, with net profits in the first quarter of 2019 equal to 7.54%. Total assets of $4.52 trillion (+8.58% yoy/+3.74% qoq) of which loans + 18.9% yoy/+3.67% qq; deposits + 21.2% yoy/+ 10.5% qq. Business income increased in conjunction with pre-harvest and pre-arrangement profits, and fees earned out of expectations.
The net profit of Grand Bank for the first quarter increased by 7.5% on a year-on-year basis, in line with our expectations (7.2%), an increase of 0.8 percentage points over the 18-year period, a rise of 33.53% over the corresponding period, and an increase of 13.5 percentage points over the 18-year period (20.03%). Of this, the over-expected performance of the revenue from the first quarter of the year was that the Big Bank began to adjust its income structure in 2019 to include credit card instalments in interest income.
Credit card instalments and fee revenue improvements are even more pronounced, with a 30% increase projected for the first quarter of the year. We believe that the over-expected performance of one quarter fee receipts is due, on the one hand, to the contribution of the company’s retail transformation and accelerated credit card revenue, and, on the other hand, to the adjustment of the management business, the improvement in revenue from fiscal-related operations under the pressure to ease the pressure is expected to improve further in 2019.
Improved net interest income has increased by 51.2 per cent over the same period, continuing the trend since the second half of 2018, as a result of the expansion of the size of assets in the first quarter and the low base for the same period of 18 years. We expect that net interest income has increased by more than 40 per cent in the first quarter after credit card instalments have been eliminated. Company1 has continued to increase its provision by 86.2 per cent over the same quarter, resulting in net profit gains being reduced by 36.9 per cent prior to the provision.
At the end of the asset, Grand Bank total assets increased by 8.58 per cent/3.74 per cent in the first quarter of the year and the scale of expansion increased (6.6 per cent in vs. 18), with the loan ring increasing by 3.67 per cent and the loan as a share of the asset largely equal to that of the end of the 18 years. At the end of the liability, corporate deposits performed better, with the end of the quarter, the end-of-the-life cost ratio of the liability was 1 bp over the four-quarter line.
In this context, a small increase in the cost of a company’s interest-paying liability or in connection with the collection of a company’s high interest-rate liability for the first quarter, the improvement in the performance of the base deposit remains to be seen. The company’s net interest difference for the first quarter increased by 56bp to 2.28% on a year-on-year basis. Credit card instalments are expected to show better performance, and if the impact of card instalments is removed, we expect that the corporate interest-rate gap ring for the first quarter will remain generally stable over the fourth quarter.
The negative indicators for the first quarter were stable and continued to be concerned about changes in the quality of assets.
In view of the increased pressure on asset quality since the second half of 2018, we believe that the company is still under pressure to make provision. In the first quarter, the indicators of asset quality showed a steady performance, and the one-quarter profit growth of large banks met expectations, with excess performance of fees and fees, and a continued trend towards improved net interest earnings, driven by a continuous trend of improvement.
The company’s retail transition has accelerated since the new chairman took office, with credit card-based niches growing rapidly. Given the company’s fast-moving credit card operations and the retail strategy’s push for competitive advantage to move to retail liabilities, we have increased by a small margin of between eps and 0.69/76 in 19/20.
As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to economic development. Macro-economic development affects the operation of the real economy and the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the performance of the banking sector’s assets. If the economy goes below expectations, there is a risk of deterioration in the quality of the banking sector’s assets, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
The economy is uncertain, and follow-up still requires close attention to the dynamics of the economy.