Copanyupdatechresearchedept. 29 April 2019 Lean Bank (601818.sh/1818.hk)
Quarterly review: high income-end growth. Quarterly report 10,2019, net gain of $9.8 billion yoy by 7.5 per cent, corresponding to roe 13.1 per cent.
At the end of the income spectrum, corporate interest differentials contribute significantly to net interest income, and interest-bearing assets are growing faster. Now that large banks have established financial subsidiaries, which have been approved by the Silver Insurance Supervisory Board, it is expected to further boost their net fee income growth. In terms of asset quality, the negative rates have generally remained stable and are increasing.
There has been an improvement in the coverage of the provision in the context of the large provision. In terms of capital, the overall level has remained high, and companies are now proposing to issue $40 billion in long-term debt, with no need to worry about capital. From a valuation point of view, the current level of large banks is 0.7 per cent per pb in 2019, at a lower level.
The Division's “buy-in” investment proposal, with a net annual gain of 80.6 billion and an increase of 14.8 per cent for yoy: a quarterly report issued by the Grand Bank, an increase of 33.8 billion in 1q2019, an increase of 33.5 per cent for yoy, a net gain of 9.8 billion and an increase of 7.5 per cent for yoy, corresponding to 13.1 per cent for roe.
The increase in interest differentials is evident: at the end of the company’s income, there has been a high rate of growth, and in particular, the rapid increase in interest differentials has been greater for net interest income: 2.28 per cent of net interest differentials: 1q, an increase of 0.56 pct over the same period last year.
In addition, according to our calculations, interest is raised by 12.5% of the size of the asset. In this context, the net income from interest is a combination of yoy products of comparable calibres.
The net revenue from follow-up fees will continue to grow at a faster rate. Increase in the provision: in terms of asset quality, corporate underperformance at the end of the season remained the same as at the end of the previous year, with institutional investors accounting for the share of liquiditya
In the context of increased exposure to bad assets, we have a steady rate of capital adequacy as suggested: by 1q2019 large banks, three capital adequacy rates were 9.2%, 10.1%, and 13.0%, respectively. The company is now ready to issue 40 billion long-term debt.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is given as follows: Chinaresearchdept. This report is prepared by Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and their subsidiaries may use it before receiving it, or on the basis of information or research, may take any action. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not take any action with regard to the use of this report.
The information and opinions on the content of the report may or may not be changed before the notice is given. A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will either have an opinion or stand on the certificate described in the report i@ or will buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report. A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and its subsidiaries and associated companies may buy the certificate described in the report on their behalf or on behalf of others. This report is not used to sell or induce customers to trade the certificate mentioned in the report.
_capitalgare#Taibei Hong Kong Shanghai 29 April 2019