In 2018, she returned $33.7 billion in net profit, an increase of 6.7 per cent in the same year; and in the collection of revenues.
With $11.2 billion in revenue, an increase of 20 per cent; and $0.61 per share in income, the difference between interest and interest is positive, with retail operations promoting performance of $1 billion, an increase of 5.13 per cent over the same period, mainly benefiting from an increase in interest income on loans driven by size (Yoy: 21 per cent).
The size of interest income on loans was due to a significant increase in retail loans, with companies accounting for 44 per cent of retail loans, an increase of 3 percentage points from the previous year. At the same time, interest income on corporate assets decreased by 16 per cent, and companies reduced the size of dismantled, stored and bought financial assets back for sale.
Compared to the 300-degree trend, fees and commissions to boost income, wealth management strategy to begin \triangleright
Net non-interest income of $36.9 billion, an increase of $6.1 billion (yoy: 20 per cent) over the same year, representing a 33 per cent increase in revenue, 1.8 percentage points over the same year, mainly an increase of $8.3 billion, or 41 per cent, in fees for bank card services. During the year of the company's strategy of “building a first-class wealth management bank”, retail clients reached 9,047 million households, an increase of 16 per cent over the same period;
Of these, 690,000 retail clients (aum.5 million or more) at the mid- and high-end increased by 20% over the same year. Increased private lending investment, with corporate asset quality generally controlled. Private lending, which accounts for 38% of all loans, meets the “two-in-one” target.
The corporate failure rate was 1.59%, the same as in the third quarter, with a slight increase of 0.01 percentage points. Loans of concern were the same as those in the highest rankings among commercial banks. Unperforming loan balances of $38.4 billion, an increase of $1 billion over the third quarter, remained almost the same.
Third, investment advice: the company relies on the financial mastery of the big group and actively collaborates with the business associations of the companies under the umbrella of the group. The wealth management bank strategy, coupled with the firm’s strong investment in science and technology finance, is expected to move forward in the future.
1. Grand Bank (601818), 2017 Annual Report Review: 40 Asset Pricing further up, Central Revenue Collections 2. Large Bank (601818) In-depth Report: Capital
Positive structural changes, improved asset quality, a summary of company financial statement data projections, author of securities investment consulting qualification or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and assurance that the data used for reporting are from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,