We've seen a significant improvement in the growth loop of Camp 21q4, which is 22.8% higher than expected.
The ring is up by 19.7 percentage points from the third quarter, and we expect to boost the community by accelerating the layout of the new retail channels, as well as by boosting the prices of the products to drive the distributor's supplies. In terms of sub-products, the high growth in the 21q4 soy sauce/favourable sauce channels is mainly due to the positive layout of the companies and the development of new retail channels.
There are 7,430 distributors in 21q4 east/south/central/northern. The number of 21q4 distributors is 27 more than in the third quarter, reversing the downward trend of 21q3.
The 21q4 profit margin is still under pressure due to raw materials and limited electricity production. The 21q4 Māori rate was raised on most of the products under the flag from \triangleright, which contributed to the 21q4 Māori rate.
The increase in the price of raw materials such as beans, and the impact of restrictions on electricity production are still under pressure at the company’s cost side, and the increase in the Māori rate is not significant. The company’s R & D input has increased by 8.45 per cent over the 21-year period, and the company has not stopped at the closing of the core technology. The net interest rate for 21q4 non-mortality is 26.4 per cent.
A 2.9 percentage point improvement, but a 4.8 percentage point decline over the same period, continues to affect the catering channels, but companies are actively expanding the c-end and online channels to speed up market transformation and capture the incremental gains from stock.
\triangleright now, coupled with internal efficiency measures, helps to ease the upward pressure on costs.
It is argued that the sea sky has the strongest size advantage in the industry, while the product is sticky and consumer loyalty is high.cindaseecuritiesco., Ltd., although the sea sky was hit by the external environment in 2021, the firm’s core competitiveness is not diminished.
The risk factors are: higher prices of raw materials than expected; increased competition in the industry; and less than expected promotion of new products.
The City Planning Land Commission conducts research on the evaluation of real estate tax bases (National Social Fund) and is concerned with macro, real estate, and fiscal issues. In 2015, it entered the country with sales + research experience, with a focus on the industry and its shareholdings, and with in-depth research and follow-up on sections such as white wine, recreational foods, truffles, frozen foods, etc., with a focus on valuation and safety margins.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.