Performance meets expectations, high growth over the next three years, sustained high growth in foreign exchange performance, overall success of subsidiaries, good business performance, Māori rates and net gains despite the market challenges posed by the epidemic and rising costs of immunization.
The exchange loss is expected to be 250 million yuan for the year, and the net profit return is expected to be 2.53 billion yuan, a 33% increase in the same year, and q4.0 billion yuan in the first quarter, a 34% increase in the ring. This is mainly due to the company’s steady growth in headphone product lines, flatboard computers, notebooks, in addition to the previous growth in cellular structure business.
Syrconne: Due to the impact of the Indian epidemic, 20h1 is expected to lose around 120 million dollars and is now running well, making a profit in q4, and is gradually entering the q4 production period for half a year under the major customer project, with a steady increase in product lines and efficiency based on the increase in sales; and the production of nitrogen-based nitrous chargers in the fourth quarter of the country's customers.
tv adapters and other projects have been successfully imported. 4) River powder magnets: are gradually well run and have been profitable in 20q4, largely thanks to the automation of soft magnetic operations to achieve a first-stream layout, reduce process turnover, improve staff efficiency and achieve a significant increase in production in the fourth quarter of the year compared with the third quarter.
Equity incentives are radical, high growth is determined over the next three years, companies have previously issued equity incentives, unlocking targets requires meeting one of two conditions: (1) business income in 2020 is radical, high growth over the next three years is determined
The company acquired the Joo Hae Wei Creative Plant and a joint venture with Hikahiro. The company is currently running wireless chargers + radiating + 1. (002600) with three major modules, the motors, close to 500 billion market space, from small pieces to materials to modules and assembly extension, the market.
The space is opened and the long-term growth space is vast.
Power incentives go beyond expectations, raising confidence in growth, epidemic control below expectations, trade friction escalation in Central America, and downstream customers below expectations.
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity and Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai University of Transport.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,