On 31 March, the company released its annual performance report for 2020: a revenue of $28.1 billion in 2020, an increase of 18 per cent in the same year; a net profit of $2.26 billion for mothers, an increase of 20 per cent in the same year; and a net profit of $2.11 billion for non-patrimony, an increase of 133 per cent in the same year.
Despite the market challenges posed by the epidemic and the increase in the cost of immunization, the company has achieved good business performance, with a rise in both the Māori rate and the net profit rate compared to the same period the previous year. Exchange losses of $280 million have been incurred throughout the year, without considering the impact of the exchange rate.
The annual net profit return to the mother grew by 34 per cent over the year, or 1.09 billion yuan in the quarter of the year, or 34 per cent over the ring.
2) Eastern colours: compared to the loss of $190 million in 2019, the loss was reversed throughout the year to a net profit of $120 million, of which 20h1 earned a profit of $32 million, with a significant 200% increase in the 20h2 ring comparison. The company has been able to develop its headphone lines, flatboard computers, notebooks, etc., in addition to the steady growth of the original cellular structure business.)
Hong Kong: Due to the impact of the Indian epidemic, 20h1 is expected to lose around 120 million dollars and is now operating gradually, making a profit in q4, with a six-month phase in production under the large client project, with a steady increase in product line efficiency and efficiency based on an increase in sales; and with the production of nitride chargers in the fourth quarter of the country and the successful import of tv appliance items, etc.)
River powder magnets: Magnetic material plates continue to expand operations in new fields, expand operations in new high-performance materials, and continue to improve self-motivation and operational efficiency, leading to losses in four quarters. Equity incentives are radical, with high growth determined over the next three years.
The company had previously issued equity incentives, and unlocking targets required meeting one of two conditions: (1) a multi-faceted layout of business income in 2020, a platform company that had previously acquired the Joo Hae Wei Power Plant, and a joint venture with Hiehiro. The company is currently running a wireless charge + dissipated heat +
The motor's three modules, which are close to 500 billion market space, will be followed by small pieces, materials, modules and assembly extensions, markets will be opened and long-term growth space will be wide.
The next three years of high growth is expected.
The company ' s financial statement forecasts are aggregated, and the electronics industry has served in Eastern Securities Co. Ltd. and First Market Private Equity Investments Ltd., and has been awarded to the Chinese University of Science and Technology.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.