Wang Wei-chul performed better than expected, with performance continuing to grow faster than expected throughout 2017, with company q4 earning $3.480 billion, y0y+28.3 per cent, net record.
The profits of 1.21 billion yuan, y0y+39.6 per cent, the company ' s revenue of 2017q1 was 37.74 billion yuan, y0y+69.7 per cent, and the recovery of the original business was accompanied by an improvement in the performance of the gea: the company ' s rapid growth was mainly due to the company ' s convergence of the gea in June 2016. q1gea contributed 25.830 billion in 2016 and 2017, respectively.
After deducting gea, 51.7 per cent of the company's original business was recovered, and the company's combined Māori in 2016 was recovered more significantly. The company's fast-tracked co-procurement (with a combined value of US$ 22 million in 2016) and the upgrading of household electricity products were among the factors that led to the company's combined Māori in 2016.
The same rate increased by 3.1 to 31.0 percentage points, with the Māori rate for the company ' s original electricity business increasing by 1.9 and 2.0 percentage points for the product mix, mainly as a result of a change in the cost of sales and management costs after the purchase of gea.
Institutional investors account for a share in circulation, and loans are purchased to increase interest rates. The company ' s lower performance of 2017q1 is due mainly to the company ' s higher base period over the last year as a result of last year ' s change in accounting methods for Qingdao Bank, which resulted in the company ' s actual rate of 201001
A 51 per cent increase in real performance over the same period, with the same 24 per cent increase in the previous business (excluding gea). M&A Gea accelerated globalization and synergetic gains: in the long run, the acquisition of brands, pipelines, technologies by companies to acquire ge-house electricity will accelerate the corporate globalization strategy and can also be achieved through ge-cooking power.
In addition, the company has a higher degree of overlap and complementarities at the end of its purchases with the Gea, and the co-benefits at the end of its purchases are now being quickly projected for profit and recommended for investment: because the company's performance is better than expected, we raise the company's forecast for profit.
The period will lead to faster growth, which in the medium to long term will benefit the company's internationalization strategy, and the long-term development of the company, which is currently valued at a low market level and maintains “buy-in” investment proposals.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.