On April 28, Qingdao Haile announced its performance for the whole of 2016 and the first quarter of 2017. The total revenue for 2016 was 70% strong year-on-year. In addition to the contribution from GED, the White Power business grew by 25% in the first quarter of this year.
Growth accelerates: corporate growth has accelerated since last three quarters. Revenues grew by 13% in the second half of 2016 following the elimination of the combined contribution of general household electricity. Income (excluding general household power) grew by 23% in the first quarter of this year.
The Māori rate rose by 2 percentage points to 30% in 2016 as a result of the co-contribution of domestic electricity. Although the cost of raw materials, the cost-synchronous effects of domestic electricity and the rising share of high-end products are the reasons for Māori’s stability.
With 5.5 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2016 and 6.3 per cent in the first quarter of this year, in addition to the one-time impact of M & As-related costs in the last three quarters, we believe that the ongoing reform of channels has played a role in controlling the cost of sales.
The Ijian (Research Assistant) industry has a business relationship and continues to seek to develop it. Therefore, investors should take into account possible conflicts of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report and should not view the information in the appendix to the disclosure of information or contact your investment representative.
We, Ikem, Liao, cfa, hereby affirm that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views on the companies or their securities mentioned above. Moreover, any part of our salaries has not been, has not been, will not be, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum quantum is a highly specialized database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets.
Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of the cash returns, industry status, and management levels of cash investments (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social, and corporate governance aspects facing the industry).
Ijian: a share of consumer durables. Liao Ying Hau: a share of media, a share of food beverages, a share of Chinese consumer goods. a share of consumer durables: Goli Electrics, American Group, Qingdao Haile. a share of food drinks: Gui Goon, Yoo River shares, Kotai, Jinzhou cellar, Qingqing Chi, Shanxi Li, Qingjia beer (a), five grain fluids.
(a) The media: Au Fung Entertainment, Light Media, Caohua Cable, Hua Weihua, Blue Cursor, South-China Media, Media Division, Guangzhou, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, Music Network, East Min Ju, Technology, Manda House Line, Hua Tseng. Consumer goods in China: Shun Yuan, Light Dairy Industry, Modern Pastorism, Hua Yun Start-up, Mon Niu Dai Industry, Masters ' Stock Holdings, Qingji Island Beer (h), Unity Enterprise, Wangwang China, Wanzhou International, and Eli.
Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services from the following companies over the next three months: Qingdao Hale (rmb 12.95) Goldman Sachs has had an investment bank client relationship with the following companies over the past 12 months: Qingdao Haile (rmb12.95).
Corporate ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has an active rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
One of them represents its view of the investment prospects of the subject under the industry's history and/or valuation. Attractive: (a) investment prospects for the next 12 months are better than the historical fundamentals of the scope of the study and/or estimates Suspension of ratings (rs): We have suspended the granting of investment ratings and price targets for such stocks because of a lack of a sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information.
No research (nc): We did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report. This report is distributed in China by High-City Securities.