Qingdao Hale (600690/ss) reported a better than expected performance in 2016, with a strong increase in revenue in the first quarter of 2017. Revenue from the sale of refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioners and kitchen equipment increased by 17/20/52/20/0/0/0/0/0/0/0/0/0/0/
In the first quarter of 2017, the high end of the product was the key: management indicated that strong growth was mainly driven by an increase in the share of high-end products in the industry of zeroa durable consumer goods.
Average price rises. For example, in 2016, high-end branded Casati kitchen equipment/washer sales increased. For a full description of the summary investment indicators, see the disclosure section of this report.
The company is also actively developing new opportunities for home-loading, as companies are more likely to sell a full range of high-end household electricity. The synergies of purchasing general electrical appliances are evident.
Now: Hal is currently projecting cost synergies for 2016-2019 to increase from the previous projection of $131 million to $311 million. Hal is piloting stoves and stoves based on universal home technologies in the kitchen power sector, which has high growth potential.
Industry growth slows and the competitive environment tends to be unfavourable; the integration of generic home brands fails.
Business relationships exist and continue to seek to develop them. Therefore, investors should not view information in the appendix to the disclosure of information or contact your investment representative, taking into account that the company may have a conflict of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report.
Qingdao Haile: A summary of financial data contributed to this report
We, Ijian, Liao, cfa, hereby affirm that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal perceptions of the companies or their securities. Moreover, any part of our salaries is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Both returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using a combination of several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary depending on the financial year, industry, and region, but the standard method is as follows: Growth is a combination of next year’s projections with current years’ projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income.
The valuation multiples are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as a market surplus, a dividends return, av/fcf, av/ebitda, av/dacf, a net market rate. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum is a highly specialized database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections, and ratios, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm, or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets. gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommended recommendations. gssustain is concerned about what we consider to be a continuous competitive advantage over global counterparts and an excellent capital return.
Our screening of leading companies is based on a quantitative analysis of the cash returns on investments in cash, the position of the industry and the level of management (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social and corporate governance problems facing the industry).
a A share of consumer durables: Goli Electrics, American Group, Qingjia Haile.a A share of food drinks: Gui Goon, Yoo River Shares, Maotai, Guizhou old cellar, Qing Qingqing, Shanxi Wine, Qingji Island Beer (a), Five Grain fluids.a A share of media: Au Fung Recreation, Light Media, Gohua Cable, Jujubner, Blue Light Sign, South-central Media, Distinguished Media, Provincial Guang, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, Orient Myeong Ju, Pinco.
China’s consumer goods: Ying Yuan, Light Milk, Modern Livestock, Hua Yun Entrepreneurship, Mon Niu Dai, Kang Masters Holdings, Qingji Island Beer (h), Unified Enterprises, Wangwang China, Wanzhou International, and Eli.
Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services over the next three months from the following companies: Qingdao Hale (rmb13.14) Qingteng Gauteng has had an investment bank client relationship with the following companies over the past 12 months: Qingdao Heil (rmb13.14) Company rating, research industry and related definitions
The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Moreover, each regional investment assessment committee manages a list of strong regional purchases or sales, one of which represents its view of the investment prospects of the subject on the basis of the historical basis of the industry and/or valuation.
Suspended rating (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): We have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or is not applicable. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.