21 August 2024: Weir shares published their semi-annual 2024 report on the evening of 19 August, the first half of 2024.
\triangleright cis has grown at a very high rate and has significantly improved profitability. \triangleright, corporate image sensor in the first half of 2024
The share of income in the areas of self-smart phones, auto electronics, security surveillance, emerging market/material networking, medical care, laptop computers is 52 per cent, 31 per cent, 8 per cent, 4 per cent, 3 per cent, 2 per cent, smartphones and motor electronics are higher by 79 per cent and 53 per cent, respectively.
Five quarters of quarterly improvements have led to a simultaneous improvement in net corporate interest rates. Lee Xiaoqing's new smartphone sales have been strong and market shares have been rising.
\triangleright introduces 50 million pixels, 50e, 50k40, and above, high-end smartphone cis products, combining advanced technologies such as purecelplus-s chip stacking, dcg technology, lofic, etc.
Since 2023, the company’s high-end product has been on the market, accounting for 50 million pixels and more than 60% of the public smartphones’ income in 2023. At present, the company reports a different one-quarter review in 24: high-end cell phones reboot.
50 million pixel-sized products have achieved a significant share in the use of smartphones.
It provides a sustained dynamic for a steady increase in the value and profitability of the company’s products. Review: 3q23 is over-expected, companies are growing into a new phase, car electronics are increasing in scale and emerging markets are growing rapidly.
\triangleright Electronic Cis generated revenues of approximately 2,914 million yuan, an increase of 53.06 per cent over the same period. In recent years, the company has reported an annual evaluation of 2022 based on 3.well shares (603501.sh):
The advanced and compact car-cis solution covers a wide range of car applications, including adas, inside the cab, stock stops are now available, waiting for industrial warming -- 2023/04/11 surveillance, electronic rearview mirrors, dashboard cameras, rear view and panoramic images, etc. -- company car-cis product performance.
The excellent performance also helped companies gain more import of new designs, and the market share continued to rise. Beyond this, firms continued to exploit emerging market technology advantages to achieve rapid growth in revenue. In the first half of 2024, the public sector generated about $336 million in image sensors from the Internet/emerging markets, an increase of 77.62 per cent over the same period.
The advantages of corporate image sensor products in small size and low power consumption are highly appropriate to end-user demand, such as ar/vr. In addition, the lcos product developed by the company will provide additional support to emerging markets, such as ar/vr. The current price perpe is 36/27/20 times, and we continue to look at the path to the development of the company’s platform-type semiconductor.
The \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions of the study, produces the report independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.