Weir shares (603501.sh) Electronic integrated circuit iii, the new flagship is posted, and the 50mp series of chips is expected to continue.
The tidal think tank reported on July 1 that Mate70 was expected to carry the Howiov 50 series sensors. We believe that the second half of the year, when major mobile phone manufacturers release a intensive period of flagship models, the company’s 50mp series of chips is expected to continue to grow.
Smartphones: Following the company ' s launch of 48m fists in 2019, and the release of 64m heavy-pound products in 20h1, the company has completed a full series of machine models and the layout of the master products. In 2023, the public sciss business increased its income from the smartphone market by 44.13% to $7,779 million, of which 50 mp
a/d/e/h/k40 in five products. ov50h/k40 in the flagship market. ov50h has been used for the broadband and ultra-broadbanding of high-end flagship smartphones branded as headphones in the country. ov50k40 is the world ' s first smartphone sciss using theiacelTM technology, which allows single exposure with lofic functionality.
Close to the dynamic range of the human eye level. ov50a/e center-end mainframe market. ov50d with a pixel size of 0.61 m meets applications such as long focus. We believe that the release of new machines in the second half of the year will drive the 50 mp series of chips to continue to be released, while the post configuration of cell phones by-catch is gradually being upgraded to 50 mp, and the company is expected to pass through the cycle.
Cars: In 2023, the company ' s ciss business grew by 2.515% to $4,547 million on a year-on-year basis. According to the Tide Think Tank, the company ' s car cis produced 103 million goods in 2023, ranking first in the world.
For high-end applications such as adas, the company introduced the first cis product using 2.1 μmtheiacelTM technology – ox08d10. ox08d1o has the industry’s leading low-luminous and low-capacity capacity, which is larger than any other vehicle like Wang Haiwei.
Sensors are 50% smaller and are expected to produce 24h2. As a result of the continuous upgrading and accelerated penetration of adas, four of Wu's cars have been raised to 8.9 in the year. We believe that as the number of bicycles ciss continues to grow and 8m pixels are permeated.
Rates rise from year to year, while relying on the leading role of new energy-producing cars in the global market, company car ciss performance, Wel shares: cis technology is a global leader, cis industry stocks return to normal, supply and demand structures continue to be optimized
In the light of Samsung's recent performance statement and our industry study, Cis has experienced a low Maori price reduction over the past year.
The company itself has taken active steps to de-install the stock, which continues to rise on a quarterly basis - Joaquin securities-electronic-Wear shares-public supply side: according to the news, sk Hercules has reorganized his cis team, with an expanded focus on the market.
Well: Lofic casts a super-high-quality image, shifting its share to the development of high-end products. However, high-end cis production capacity will be squeezed by high-value-added products such as hbm.
Hercules is planning to invest about $60 billion in hbm chip research and development by 2028. The high demand of the one leading to an increasing competition for hbm, the continued strength of companies such as Sony and Weir, and the Korean shares of sk Hercules and others.
The supply side will continue to be optimized as manufacturers have to abandon some of the cis markets. Continued improvements in profitability – Joaquin securities + electronics + Weir shares demand side: with traditional markets such as security warming, consumer e-markets re-elevating, car market intelligence
Accelerating, the demand for chis is gradually recovering, and prices for most chis products are starting to rise at the bottom; 24q1 Māori rings have been deconstructed well, the ring has improved significantly - and then the master camera has been replaced.
According to the semiconductor front line, on June 23, the ic router stated that the cis product was in short supply, mainly during the second half of the year of traditional electronics consumption, and that the vendor’s attitude of preparing the goods turned to optimism, raising the stock level.
35.6/26.0/20.1. The corporate cis product matrix achieves a full range of coverage at the mid-to-high end, with multiple core technologies continuously refined to provide ultra-high quality imagery and high core competitiveness of products. Continuously recommend and maintain a “buy-in-a” rating, industry risk, market competition, systemic risk, etc.