On 19 August 2024, Weir Holdings published its semi-annual report for 2024.
The Māori rate has improved significantly, with a record high of 24q2 battalion harvests 24h1 increasing demand from downstream customers as the consumer market warms further, coupled with the company’s continued penetration of products from the top-of-the-art smart hands market and auto-drive applications.
The Māori rate of corporate products is gradually recovering as a result of factors such as product structural optimization and cost control. 24h1 achieved a revenue of 12,091 million yuan, an increase of 36.50 per cent over the same period: net profit for mothers of 1.367 billion yuan, a gain for the same sum of billions, a rise of 45.08 per cent over the same period; net profit for non-returning mothers of 806 million yuan, a loss for the same year.
Image Sensors: 50mp series to replace competitions of the same kind, raising the share of power at the higher end 24h1 company image sensor operations to $9,312 million, an increase of 49.90 per cent in the same year; from smart hands Sun Peak
Smartphones: 24h1 Image Sensor operations generated 78.51% more revenue in the smartphone market than in the previous year.
Up to $4,868 million, the company has completed a full series of back-to-back master products layouts in the area of smartphones, while actively promoting product structure optimization and supply chain architecture to improve the competitiveness of the product mix.
Excellent performance, widely applied in the mainstream home-grown back-to-back master sensors program, is gradually replacing competing overseas products of the same type and achieving a major breakthrough in the company ' s market share in high-end smartphones. ov50k40 is the world ' s first smartphone cis that uses theiacelTM technology with lofic power.
Weir shares: 24q2 is a record high, and with interest, a single exposure close to the eye level can be achieved. In the second half of the year, major mobile phone manufacturers release a flagship model, a six-month-old flagship launcher - Joaquin securities-electronic-well shares.
The company, with its sophisticated, compact car-cis solution, covers a wide range of car applications: for adas.
The chip is expected to continue to be deployed at high end applications such as Hmg securities, electronics, and Wehr shares, with the company launching the first cis product, ox08d10, using 2.1 mtheiacelTM technology, with an expected output of 24h2. We believe that as the number of bicycle ciss continues to grow and 8 m pixel penetration rates continue to grow.
Well: Wies technology is a global leader, moving through cycles, rising year by year, while at the same time, relying on the leading role of New Energy Motors in the global market, the company's car ciss is performing in the depths of the company's start-up-gold securities-electronic-well shares.
Weir shares: 24q1 profit increases by ring, high-end cis other markets: 24h1 image sensor operations from security, object networking/emerging markets, medical income share continuously rising - Joaquin securities-electronic-well shares - public
The market is constantly increasing the R & D layout of high-end products, using nyxel near-infrared technology to protect against production.
The middle-end market - Joaquin securities - electronics - Weir shares - the machine’s visual products are highly recognized by the client with the outstanding performance advantages of global exposure technology. It shows that solutions create multiple growth points, and system-level solutions are becoming more mature.
Show solution: 24h1 shows that the solution has achieved revenue of $472 million, a decrease of 28.57% from the previous year, mainly as a result of the imbalance in the supply-demand relationship between the industry and the continued pressure on the average unit price of the company ' s lcd-tddi product. The company has achieved full product coverage in the tddi area, and has obtained the product of the unleddddic from China ' s leading panel supplier.
Test and approve. In the medium-size screen display-drive chip area, the company ' s new ted chip is brought by its client to lower power consumption, narrow backboards, lower-carbon emissions, and a more cost-effective pen screen-driven program. Outside, the company is constantly investing in vehicle-based display-drive product development to launch a vehicle that meets the requirements of the market ' s mainstream demand.
tddi products. The growing variety of product types and application markets will provide a continuous growth dynamic to show solutions. Simulation: As consumer electronics and other sectors of industry are nearing the end of decomposition, demand is warming, and companies continue to grow, working with downstream customers to achieve a steady increase in market shares, and corporate simulating solutions in 24h1 will generate revenue.
634 million yuan, an increase of 24.67% over the same period. The company ' s power-management chip product portfolio has covered a wide range of applications for consumer electronics and product networking, while acquiring new Cricket car lines for analogic products, and will continue to drive the import of multiple products such as can/lin, serdes, pmic, sbc, etc.
Promising provides super-high-quality imagery, building core competitiveness of products. Continuing to recommend and maintain a “buy-in-a” rating.