Weir shares (603501), company review report, 2008 2024, reported performance, high-end products driving the growth of the company.
The smartphone area: 2,024h1 company cellular cis revenues of $4,868 million, increasing the market value of circulation (millions of dollars):
79%. The company's boxing product, ov50h, is already in the shape of 14 milligrams, noovas, etc., and the ov50k40, launched in 2024, has started to be in the editions of Glory Magic6 to Quest, Applecis has been upgraded to squeeze Sony's capacity, the industry's output has become tight, the company has started cutting into high-end machine-type markets, home-grown mobile phones.
In addition, the company is actively setting up a small pixel product, currently ov50d against the three-star jn1. It is expected that the ov50m product line will be further developed this year and that the three stars will be captured on the small pixel side.
Automobile electronics: 2024h1, the company car cis collected 2,914 million yuan, or about 53.06 per cent more. Teslarobotasi and radish self-drive application accelerated, and the issuance of Chinese l3 test plates will facilitate large-scale landing of the 193 car, which will drive interactive hardware cis
In addition, the price of 1.3 m+isp is gradually entering the bottom, and pixels are being upgraded to 2.5-3m, which is the medium-term strategy report for 2024: Science and technology hardware are expected to lead to a doubling of the value of the loop. With regard to adas, companies are expected to double the value of the vehicle.
At the same time, companies continue to promote the import of multiple products such as can/lin, serdes, pmic, sbc, etc.
Client certification, supermixing the power of simulation solutions in vehicle-borne areas, and auto electron will become another report by the company: mobile car double-wired, with 24q2 performance maintaining a high upscaling trend Upward risk: lower-windward ups; mobile phone sis speeding up into high-end markets; autopilot
Downside risk: new products are imported to customers less than expected; downstream demand is less than anticipated; other systemic risks 1, image sensor business is the company’s core business, with 2024h1 generating approximately $9,312 million, or 49.90 per cent more than the previous year, or 77.15 per cent of the total. Of these, cellular phone cis is the main component of image sensor business, with 24h1 generating approximately $4,868 million, or 78.51 per cent more.
The company responded to the trend of the market toward 50 m, actively laying out the 50m line of products. On the ground floor, in 2023, the company launched a large base of Cis-ov50h, and in the second half of 2023 it started bulking, and now has 14 millet, noova12, iqoo12, which has led to a significant increase in the company’s harvest in the second half of the year.
At present, an apple cis upgrade has squeezed Sony’s production capacity, which could lead Sony to give up part of the André machine order, adding up the company’s head in high-end cos, making domestic mobile phone manufacturers more willing to produce alternatives, with no weak performance and higher value for money.
In the second half of 2023, the company started to deliver ov50d to the three-star jn1, focusing on the market for low- and medium-end machine by-products, etc. In the future, the company will also focus on low-pixel products, and it is expected that small pixel products like ov50m will compete with the three stars this year and will take over.
Three stars have a market share in small pixels. 2,2024h1 company car cis collected approximately $2.914 billion, an increase of about 53.06%, or about 31%, of the business cis. Despite a decline in vehicle sales, auto-pilot penetration has continued to rise, particularly with the launch of Teslarobotasi and the radish self-carrying.
In addition, vehicle-mounted loops have shown a tendency to rebound at the bottom, with 1.3 m+isp prices gradually moving to the bottom, and a faster penetration of 2.5-3m on the loop lens, which is expected to double the value of the vehicle.
Although the markets of 5m and above are still dominated by Ansomé and Sony, companies are expected to enter the adas market with programmes such as horizons, black sesame, etc. Billion dollars, 28.57% less than the same year, accounting for about 3.91% of the income of the main business. In the area of smartphones, companies, in collaboration with the world’s leading panel manufacturers, have succeeded in developing an oleddddic suitable for smartphones.
Launch of vehicle-borne tddi products that meet the specifications of the market ' s mainstream demand in vehicle-driven areas.4 The performance requirements and demand for power management chips for end equipment, such as smart phones, tablets, etc., have continued to rise, with demand gradually warming as stocks of consumer electronics, etc., are down, with 2024h1, with company simulation solutions generating $634 million, representing an increase of 24.67 per cent, or 24.67 per cent, over the same period.
The company continues to promote the product layout of car simulation chips and the import of multiple products such as can/lin, serdes, pmic, sbc, etc., contributing new growth points to the growth of simulation solutions. Figure 2: The share of downstream applications in corporate cis operations
Figure 1: Corporate collection structure, figure 3: Space measurement for company smartphone back-record cis market (US$ billion) Figure 4: Space measurement for global car cis market (US$ billion)
Figure 5: Corporate mobile phone sales forecast (millions) Figure 6: Corporate car sales forecast (millions) Figure 7: Corporate quarterly collections and acceleration (millions)
Figure 8: Company single-quarter net profit return and rate of increase (millions of yuan) Figure 9: Companies ' quarterly Māori rate and net interest rate Figure 10: Corporate Roa/roe Change
Figure 11: Changes in the cost rate of companies Accelerating down-winding: A rise in the downstream industry will lead to an increase in corporate output and good corporate performance. Mobile phone cis accelerates the introduction of high-end markets: companies are now cutting into high-end mobile markets and accelerating the introduction of high-end mobile phone models will drive companies to perform better than they do.
Automated driving penetration rate increases: Automated driving penetration and upgrading will drive demand for car-borne ciss, and high-pixel cis product demand will boost product asp and accelerate company vehicle-car-cis performance. New products are imported to customers less than expected: new products such as ov50k40 that are introduced by companies will have a negative impact on company performance if they are blocked.
Downstream demand is not as good as expected: it is now in the slow recovery phase of consumer electronics, and if demand is not, it will have a negative impact on corporate performance. Other systemic risks are: Central American trade frictions, marginal political frictions, etc., Hong Kong market benchmark is a constant index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or an NASDAQ index, and the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for the protocol transfer target)
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner by the author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.