Weir shares (603501) Mid 2024 reported performance rating: one-season harvest with high innovation and a steady increase in motor vehicle-driven performance
A single-season crop has reached an all-time high, and the Māori rate has improved on a quarterly basis: the company achieved harvests in the first half of 2024, and lost profits. During the first half of 2024, the product structure of the company and the optimized supply chain structure were evident, leading to a sustained increase in the Māori mix to 30 per cent of 2024q2.
▪ Accelerated roll-out of high-end products from mobile phones and continued high corporate performance: in the first half of 2024, the company image sensor solution generated $9.31 billion in sales revenue, an increase of 50 per cent over the same period the previous year, representing 77 per cent of the income from the main business, and a high rate of growth in the company's mobile phone industry.
The revenue achieved was approximately $4.87 billion, an increase of 79 per cent over the same period the previous year: the company continued to push high-end hands, machine cis infiltration on the upper-middle-end mobile phone, 2024h1 company ' s 50 million pixel series of products, with a significant increase in the share of smartphone master applications, of which 120 million and 50 million pixels
The high-end image sensor ov50h accelerates a national substitution for similar products overseas, leading to a major breakthrough in the company’s market share in high-end smartphones. The company continues to promote bottom and high-pixel product development, with a focus on the development of long-focal and wide-angle cameras for current cellular by-products.
In the field, mobile phone cis operations are expected to continue to grow at a high rate of performance. The company ' s vehicle cis business now earns about $2.91 billion, an increase of 53% over the same period the previous year, and the company ' s car cis products continue to receive more imports of new designs, and performance is expected to grow steadily.
The market cos business generated revenues of about $340 million, an increase of about 78 per cent over the same period the previous year, and companies continued to build on the technological advantages of emerging markets, investing in the expansion of machine visual applications, with global exposure.
Technology’s outstanding performance advantages, and the high degree of client acceptance of the company’s machine’s visual products, are expected to be the highest growth in the company’s future performance.
▪ The product structure continues to be restructured and optimized, and the traditional business is expected to recover steadily: companies show that they achieved a business income of RMB 470 million for programme operations 2024h1, down 29% from the same period the previous year.
The Division's simulation solution business achieved operating income of $630 million, an increase of 25 per cent over the same period in the previous year, benefiting from the recovery of consumer electronic demand on the one hand, and from the company's continued growth in the market share of its downstream clients, and the company's ongoing promotion of car simulations on the other.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: company high pixels cis speeds the import of high-end machine backshows and steams for mobile phones
Based on the expected sustained high performance of vehicle customers, we basically maintain 2024-expected performance for the company; the risk of increased competition; and new product development/client import on board the vehicle at a slower pace than expected.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.