Mobile phone & car two-wheel drive, significant increase in profitability — Weir shares (603501.sh) incident assessment report.
Net profits of 1,372 million net of non-recurring gains and losses attributable to shareholders in listed companies Increases in revenue-driven mobile vehicle operations and significant improvements in profitability
The growth in profitability is mainly due to improvements in corporate Māori and a sharp fall in financial costs. The growth of companies contributes to the optimization of product structures and the gradual recovery of Māori rates for corporate products in a single season.
The Māori level returned to over 30 per cent; in addition, the company’s financial costs were $6.14 million, a decrease of 97.34 per cent over the same period.
The smartphone sciss achieved income of $4,868 million, an increase of 78.51%. The company’s ov50h product was widely used in the mainstream home-grown back-up of high-end smartphones.
Production breakthroughs. The company has different pixel-specific products, which can be covered by the whole group, 0v50h, which is mainly used on the master camera, and in applications of wide angles and long-focals, which are done through the product of 50 million pixels from little pixels.
1 "Wear Shares (603501: 50 million pixel-sized product series with cis-sizes in the field of high-end smartphone masters "Mobular phone plus vehicle load" double-drive, 2401 battalion profit
The significant increase of 2024-05-06 shares has provided a sustained dynamic for corporate growth, with automobile electronics distributed widely and demand-driven increases in scale.
The company continues to produce new products and continues to refine the motor electronics matrix. The company is in the car.
We're under pressure, and we're looking forward to a wide range of applications in the long and cis fields, including adas, internal controls in the cab, post-electronic growth, 2022-08-26.
Visual mirrors, dashboard cameras, backviews, panoramic images, etc. Automotive intelligence and motorization drive the growth of market demand to significantly boost company penetration in the area of automobiles. In addition to car cis, the company is still in mcu, lvds, lcos, power ic, etc.
Automobile electronics in the mos, drivers, etc., are expected to continue upwards as company products are imported. Imports and the increase in car electron penetration are expected to lead to higher revenues and higher profits.
Maintain the “buy-in” investment rating. Risks, downstream demand, are less than expected.
Mao Jianxin: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of work experience in American semiconductor companies, participation in the advanced process of leading semiconductor manufacturers worldwide, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, and employment in Ko Yonghau, 2018-2020: Doctor of Physics, University of Gangdan, successively in China Tech Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate
Ludjoyang: Master of Arts at the National University of Australia, formerly employed in Fangzheng Seok, four years of experience in research. 2023 Zhang Shuu: Bachelor of Science in International Political Economics, University of Haya padada, and Master of Economics, University of Hong Kong, 2023, who joined China to reflect his research views.
The equity market is based on 300 indexes of depth: the new three market is based on three indexes (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or three market indexes (for the subject matter of the market transfer).
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.