• Reaffirm the “buy-in” rating of Weir: first, semiconductor cycle.
The growth rate of income in the second quarter and the increase in the Māori rate has improved again, and there's plenty of room for action in the cycle. We think there is room for continued improvement and growth in the company's Māori rate in the second half of the year. Second, from the business plate, the company is expected to grow better in mobile phones, cars, display drivers, etc.
Cars continue to grow at a higher rate than 30%. The company’s car is still growing at a higher rate, maintaining a competitive advantage through product rotations. Moreover, the car’s non-cois product is expected to grow in the coming years.
• At present, the value of the stock of the company is an attractive 41x market rate of 2024e, reiterating the “buy-in” rating. • The performance of the second quarter is consistent with the performance forecast: in the second quarter of this year, Weir's equity ring was growing by 14 per cent.
The same-year increase was 43%, and the same-year increase was again higher in the first quarter of this year than in the fourth quarter of last year. In the second quarter of the Department, the Māori rate was 30.2%, the ring growth was 2.4 percentage points, and the same-year increase was 12.9 percentage points, with four consecutive quarters improving.
The profit is RMB 809 million, with a 45% increase in the ring comparison, in line with the performance forecast area: 1) Cellular sis: the company has more high-end projects, which are the basic surface dynamics for growth in the second half of the year. Meanwhile, the company is expected to launch customized long-corrosed products next year.
Fostering growth. 2) Automobile business: is expected to continue to grow in the future by maintaining a high competitive advantage over the cis product mix, and expanding non-cis products. 3) Showing drivers: the company is expected to maintain the lead of the business by increasing the number of ready-made product models and the power of the continental supply chain.
• Valuation: we use dcf valuations, using a 2.6% no-risk rate and assuming Wehrmacht shares.
• Investment risk: smartphones, new energy vehicles, etc., have not grown as much as expected. Upstream growth has resulted in insufficient action on the prices of corporate products. Industry competition has intensified, and companies are under pressure to take on a Maori ratio.
Pilgrim International’s Performance Review and Prediction Adjustments
Figure 5: Free cash flow forecast for Weir shares
Promising and pessimistic scenario Pessimistic scenario: corporate income growth is not as high as expected
(a) Strong growth in end demand, such as smartphones and new energy vehicles;
(a) Upstream cost increases and insufficient action on the price of a company's products;
The recipients of this report, including any relevant annexes, have expressed and assured their right to receive this report in accordance with the following conditions:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is prepared by the Group Information and other public information that is considered to have been collected from holders of the first category (securitization transactions) and the fourth category (opinion on securities) of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is only intended to provide information and cannot be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as a professional opinion or investment in legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
For any recommendation, you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on the legal and related matters related to any of the transactions described in this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice, or may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress made after the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you shall not make any decision on investment, withdrawal or other financial aspects solely on the basis of the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which can be based on a number of assumptions, limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations, and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pui Jin International.
(collectively “Phibbing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies referred to in this report or in relation to them, and may from time to time buy or sell.