Weir shares (603501), company review report.
The company ' s introduction of high-level material numbers such as ov50h and ov50k40, which have been successfully imported into the high-end smartphone market, is now in the form of millet 14pro, and ov50k40, which has been launched from the glory magic6 to the platinum and is expected to be in the form of rice and watts.
Auto-drive penetration drives demand, and the excess of 12 to 13 will lead to an increase in the number of bicycle cameras, a build-up of cis towards high pixels, and an increase in prices. The company’s introduction of ox08d10, with its leading low light and low power consumption, is now pre-positioned into multiple platforms.
The company’s inventory is now largely back to healthy water levels, with 24q1 having been built to produce a gradual recovery of the company’s Māori ratio, compared to the highest of 22q3 stocks.
Report: Inventory clean performance repair, mobile phone + car double-wheel drive. Net profit for parent company for the year was $2.72 billion, with an average Māori rate of 29.6 per cent.
Downward risk: Downward climate acceleration: mobile phone sis acceleration into high-end markets: autopilot Upstream risk: new product imports to customers less than expected: downstream demand less than expected: other systemic risks Downstream climate acceleration: downstream industry climate rises will drive companies to increase their output, good companies
Mobile phone cis accelerates the import of high-end markets: the company is now entering the high-end mobile market, and accelerating the import of high-end hands will drive the company to perform better than expected. Autopilot penetration is faster: autopilot penetration and upgrades will drive demand for car-borne ciss.
The demand for high-pixel cis products will also drive product asp up, accelerating company car-borne cis performance. New products are imported to customers less than expected: new products such as ov50k40 that are introduced by companies are blocked from importing customers, with adverse effects on company performance.
Other systemic risks are: China-United States trade frictions, border political frictions, etc., Hong Kong market benchmark is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a pamphlet 500 index or an NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for the protocol transfer target) or a three-board market index (for the market transfer benchmark), and the Northward benchmark index is a North 50 index.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts