Investment rating: increase (maintenance) 14.24 per cent; achievement of single-quarter return net profit of $809 million, an increase of 1869.21 per cent over the same period
This represents an increase of 45.08 per cent; a single-quarter deduction of net profit of $806 million from the non-repatriation of the mother, a return to the warming of the growth rate of downstream demand, an improvement in product structure, and an increase in consumer-end business, which, according to research data released by Canalys, benefits from the generation of artificial intelligence (genai) and so on.
The demand for new technologies to upgrade smartphones and emerging markets in Asia and the Pacific, the Middle East, Africa and Latin America, among other factors, increases in the volume of smartphones at the price of mass markets, with 24q1, the global smartphone market rising by 10 per cent to 296.2 million, higher than market expectations.
The company actively promoted product structure optimization and supply chain architecture, resulting in improved product mix competitiveness. The company launched a high-end image sensor of 1250 million pixels, ov50h, which was widely applied to the mainstream high-end smartphone back-to-back master sensors programme in the country.
A major breakthrough in the market share of high-end smartphones. The company launched the ov50k40 Image Sensor, a global first smartphone image sensor with theiacelTM technology, with a single exposure that would bring people close to the level of human activity, setting a new master camera for the flagship level backstage.
• Increased demand in the electronics of automobiles, new corporate products that drive new customers to import machineciss revenue as a percentage of revenue continues to rise, and according to FMC data, the cumulative global volume of automobile sales reached 43.9 million in January-June 2024.
This compares to a 3.5% increase, and despite the pressure of the macro-environment, the global automobile market is now more robust. As smart network cars develop and new energy cars become more widely available, the demand for vehicle cameras is growing.
From 28.5 million in 2018 to 61.13 million in 2022, the average annual compound growth rate was 21.05 per cent, and in 2024 the Chinese vehicle-borne cameras would reach 71.05 million.In the first half of 24 months, the company launched the ox08d10 image sensor, which is the first to use.
The 8 million pixel products of theiacelTM technology, with ox08d10 having the industry ' s leading low light energy and low power consumption, are 50% smaller in size than other types of off-the-road sensors. In the first half of 24 months, ox08d10 has been compatible with the nvidiaomviceTM platform developed for autopilot.
Pre-assembled high-speed snapdragonideTM platform, snapdragonrideTMflex (soc) and snapdragoncockpit platform. Following the successful launch of ox08d10, the company released a new 5 million pixelscos image using theiacelTM technology
Sensor ox05d10, a product that provides industry with a leading lfm scintillation (lfm) function without sacrificing image quality. The ox05d10 image sensor is well suited to a high dynamic range (hdr), low light performance and lfm function.
Technology platforms, companies continuously expand their product lines to allow customers to choose between 8 million pixels and 5 million pixels according to their needs. The excellent performance of the company’s car cis products also helps companies gain access to more new designs.
• Use information on legal compliance to produce the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.