Transport shipping ports Non-financial companies report a significant increase in profits and steady performance, focusing on the elasticity of oil transport operations
Investment rating: buying (maintaining) net profit of 865 million yuan, i.e. 37.07% of the year.
Dollars, equal to 55,46 per cent; roll-in transport net profit of $53 million, equal to 33,75 per cent; ng net transport profit of Wang Xewu oil spreads gradually recovered and profits from shipment surged, highlighting corporate resilience: 1) tanker market: q1 oils in 2025
The market for wheels is low, but the ring ratio is improving, vlcc is subject to high volatility in geopolitics, sanctions, and demand, with a typical route td3c/td15 averaged ws59.96/61.63.opc+ production restrictions are loose, the Russian oil fleet is restricted, and the medium-type tankers (e.g. aframax) take the lead in reheating confidence, short- and medium-term renting and asset prices are stable, and market expectations are positive.
Chang Shicht, combined with the continued low rate of the Australian iron ore shipment, short-term market oversupply and weak performance in January-February. Supply and demand relations rebounded in March, but the overall dry bulk market was relatively low during the quarter, with an average value of only 1,118 points, compared to the same rate.
The switch of warehouses opens new routes, such as those in South-East Asia and India; at the same time, companies accelerate the development of high-value-added industries and expand the market share of cold-chain and dangerous goods transport.
Production releases the pallets and boosts the price of vlcc. The oil market is likely to remain in place as the production of the Oec+ rises. 2) Dry bulk markets: environmental policies are implemented in a context of limited ship production and a high proportion of old ships, and fleet efficiency is limited, but may support market rent levels. West Africa ' s West Mandu iron mine is pre-arranged.
Launched at the end of 2025, adding to the growth of Guinean bauxite exports to boost the demand for dry bulk shipping; 3) marketplaces: China and the United States tariff escalation, which would result in near stagnation of direct trade in most of the bilateral commodities, while other regions have large tariff differentials with China and the United States, or will stimulate trans-shipment trade, especially between Asia and Far East and Latin America, which is good for the world.
30/04/2025 Geopolitical conflict, environmental protection and energy-saving emission reductions below expectations Appendix: Summary of financial projections
My personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers are not present, do not relate to, and will not be directly or indirectly linked to, specific investment opinions or opinions in this report, in a diligent and professional manner, using information on legal compliance, and in an independent and objective manner.