The weak demand for oil for foreign trade has led to pressure, with the oil spill of 2025 expected to resonate upwards.
Merchant ship sales in 2024, with weak performance throughout the year. Merchant ship calls for 25,799 million yuan a year, i.e., 0.32 per cent of the year, and net return returns of 5.107 million yuan a year, i.e. 5.59 per cent of the year.
Recalling that, in 2024, the supply and demand for oil were weak, the base level of scattered shipments was up and backslided, the concentration of the Red Sea became apparent, and the diversification of operations led to higher corporate profits. Over the year, crude oil transport was the main drag on the performance of merchant ships in 2024, partly due to the weak performance of the global economy, which led to a decline in production,
Reduced demand for crude oil transport; on the other hand, low-cost black-market oils, such as 2024h2 Russian oil and Iranian oil, are more subject to a 52-week maximum/minimum price preference, crowding out the transportation needs of compliant oil, with significant structural problems; bulk shipments are imported into China.
The growth and good-looking round-the-clock lifts, with large bulk ship revenues rising significantly, at an annual average value of 1755 points, an increase of 27.30 per cent compared to the previous year; and combined shipments benefiting from a significant increase in the prices of the Red Sea crisis. Since the cyclical rhythms of the plates vary, merchant ships are recruited over the single shipping industry.
On the demand side, Opec+ is expected to begin to increase since April.
On the supply side, in the absence of Merchant Shipping (601872.sh) - oil spill resonance upwards, with some in the medium term.
With dismantling in mind, the supply of crude oil tankers grew by less than 1 per cent in 2025 and is expected to lead to an improvement in supply and demand structures as the global black market, Merchant Ship (601872.sh) -- an increase in the share of red to 40 per cent, with 2024 oil bulk prices, is being stepped up and black-market ships or are gradually emerging out of the market.
Merchant ship (601872.sh)-q3 concentration towers affect operational day, waiting for the season bomb. Current global oil ship owners have a strong confidence and relatively tight supply side after the new supply break-out period. Merchant ship (601872.sh)-Integrator elasticization, expected to increase steadily.
Zhang, we continue to see the potential upward elasticity of the price of good luck. Annual tankers/breathers/containers/rolling ship transport operations achieve net profits, respectively. Figure 1: Merchant ship operating income and speed increase (in billions of yuan, %)
Figure 2: Merchant ship single season operating income and increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 3: Merchant ship return net profit and increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 4: Merchant ship return net profit and increase (in billions, per cent)
Looking back at 2024, when oil supply and demand were both weak, when oil supply and demand went up and down, when the bulk of the transport was driven by the red sea pull, and the diversification of the industry led to higher corporate profits. Crude oil transport was the main drag on the performance of merchant ships in 2024, owing in part to weak global economic performance, which led to a decline in production and demand for crude oil transport.
On the other hand, low-cost black-market oils, such as 2024h2 Russian oil and Iranian oil, have become more popular, squeezing the transport needs of compliant oils, with significant structural problems; bulking has been pulled by two factors: the growth in Chinese bulk imports and the distance around the Cape of Good Hope; and the revenue from large bulk ships has increased markedly, with an average annual value of bdi at 1755 points, up from the same level.
27.30 per cent; combined shipments benefited from a sharp increase in the prices of the Red Sea crisis. Merchant ships were recruited with less volatility and more robust growth than other single shipping companies, and a higher proportion of red repurchases back to shareholders. According to the company ' s 2024 report, the company intends to assign every 10 shares to shareholders.
On the demand side, on the one hand, zeropec+ production is expected to start increasing from April, and global demand for crude oil by sea is expected to pick up. On the other hand, since the beginning of the year, the U.S. has strengthened its system of Iranian oil, before black market demand is expected to return to compliance market demand.
With less than 1% growth in the supply of crude oil tankers in 2025, and as global sanctions on black-market oil move forward, black-marketing ships, or phasing out of the market, are expected to bring about improved supply and demand structures. With more confidence on the part of the global oil tanker owners and relative pressure on the supply side after the new supply fault period, we continue to look at the potential price of luck.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject