After three quarters of high growth, high-end alcohol continued to grow at a faster rate, the Quanzhou cellar published the 3rd edition of 2023. The 1-3q23 company collected $21.94 billion, an increase of 25.2 per cent.
Three quarters of the company's performance has continued to increase, and high-end alcohol has continued to increase faster. (1) 3O23 company collects won. The company has pursued aggressive offensive strategies, branding and channel resonance, and two quarters of spring thunder operations have increased.
In August of 2023, the company increased the number of high-end customers by 52 degrees in line with the fall harvest plan.
The settlement price ranged from US$ 1573 to US$ 980 (up from US$ 960) in order to strengthen the bc connection and promote sales in the form of clean-up return. The 38-degree cellar continued the price policy implemented in April, with the final settlement price increased by US$ 30 per bottle, and the 38-degree cellar is expected to perform better in the advantage areas (2).
According to the company, the sales of high-end liquor fell by 3% on the same basis in the first half of the year, and the price of tons rose by 29.1% on the same basis, and we judged that there was a decline in the proceeds and sales of alcohol in the first half of the year. With the decline in the base and the recovery of the channel system, it is expected that the increase in the proceeds of high-end liquor in the third quarter could be reversed.
By the end of September, we expected the stock of three-yard products to be digested, the company to implement a full price control model through a five-yard product, and the channel system to be more regulated. We believe that the rationalization of the channel value chain and the regularization of the channel management will help the company to deepen its farming.
The cost rate fell during the period, with the 3q23 net interest rate rising by 1.5 pcc per year to maintain a historically higher level of water. The 3q23 Māori rate was 88.6 per cent, an increase of 0.2 pct per year.
The net interest rate of 3q23, which increased by 1.5 pct on a year-on-year basis, has remained constant in the context of a weak industry environment in which companies have fully demonstrated their managerial endowment and are planning to seize markets in 2023.
We believe that, as the company’s brand grows, the effects of national expansion will gradually become apparent.
Price fluctuations in Poo, Poo V. Channel stock is over-expected. The economy is not recovering as expected.
Food beverages: white wineii