Food beverages in the Old Cedars (000568), performance of 23q3 is higher than expected, growth and certainty are better, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
In the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved income of $21.94 billion, compared to 25.2 per cent, and net profit of the mother of $10.57 billion, compared to 28.6 per cent; of this, single q3 achieved revenue of $7.35 billion, compared to 25.4 per cent, and net profit of the mother of the country, driven by a two-wheel drive of the guest and special tune, with a high rate of growth at the income end.
In the context of the successful windfall of Operation Mine Action in the second quarter, the fall harvest plan continued in the third quarter, with management fully motivated to mobilize operators, actively capture the core end-point share, and the cellars and features both achieving high-quality growth and successfully achieving high-quality growth.
The high cellar price remained at a small volatility of $890-9000: the special 60 showed up in the Kawasaka camp market, brightly, and in scattered markets such as the one in China: the cellar was 30-year-old with 200-plus places, thanks to the back-up of the banquet, and it grew faster. 3. The company was actively promoting the reform of the digital system this year, from the "three yards together" to the "three yards"
Full upgrade to “five yards together” to better track real sales and stocks, and to effectively address the problems of the run-off and price order: since the five-yard system came online, the rate of openings of the cellars, 1573 and the old cellar series, has been rising, and the price system has become more stable.
Profitability continues to increase and cash flows perform well. The Māori ratio of company single q3 has increased by 0.2 percent to 88.6 percent over the same period, and is expected to increase mainly in the medium- and upper-end alcohol ratio, while the product structure has continued to optimize. Cost-effectiveness has declined by 0.8 percentage points to 12.8 per cent for single q3 sales, and management costs have decreased by the same percentage.
The single q3 net interest rate increased by 1.4 percentage points to 47.3 per cent on the same year, and profitability increased steadily. On the cash flow side, single q3 sales collected $10.6 billion, or +90.4 per cent, compared to $2.96 billion in contract liabilities at the end of the three quarters, or +55.8 per cent, ring +53.2 per cent, contract liabilities were higher and cash flows performed well.
Strong resilience continues to be proven, both growth and certainty. During the year, the company launched a spring strike in the second quarter of the year, promoted a fall-out plan in the third quarter, actively pursued consumer growth activities, effectively seized market shares, and showed strong marketing performance during the two-week period, with an increase of 25.2 per cent at the end of the first three quarters and an increase of over 15 per cent in growth targets throughout the year.
In the medium-to-long term, the cellar maintains a balance of prices, flexibility in consumer upbringing and channel maintenance, and the nationalization strategy is well under way; the special 60 is outstanding and will gradually be imported into the national market in the future; the price of the old word system is stable and the recovery is expected to continue at a high rate next year.
Against this background, corporate management has taken the initiative, relying on a strong marketing team to continuously capture market shares, without compromising product structure and regional layout; the corporate product matrix has a variety of growth and certainty that will sustain high-quality growth in the future.
The size of the cellar is 23 times, 19 times, and 15 times. The size of the brand is faster, equity incentives are faster, business is more robust, sustained growth is more robust, and the "buy-in" rating is maintained.
Strong growth performance continued (2023-08-31) 2. Cedars in Liang County (000568); successful discharge in 22 years and peaking again in 23 years (2023-05-04)
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.