With 25% growth in revenue in the three quarters alone, management endowments highlight the rapid growth in income in the first three quarters and the achievement of year-round performance. In the first three quarters, the company achieved a gross operating income.
For $21,943 million, or +25.21 per cent; for the realization of the parent return net profit of $10,566 million, or +28.58 per cent; for the realization of the non-mortality net profit of $10,490 million, or +28.44 per cent. For the third quarter alone, the company achieved a 25 per cent increase in income for the third quarter of the single quarter and continued high growth in the country's customer series.
In order of acceleration, it is expected that the first two-track series of the cellar series will be a feature series. Under the recovery, the cellar series will grow at a faster rate than the company as a whole, and the expected contribution of price growth will be significant and low.
Advances; 3) Precision of costs, which again highlights the flexibility of corporate market strategy and the ability of policies to be implemented. The size of the scaffolding series has improved over q2 and the scaffold age has benefited from a 200-bit increase in long dividends and base-level effects over 30 years, with a much higher rate of growth.
From the return, it is expected that the company will largely complete its fiscal year return and that the pipeline inventory will be deconstructed in an orderly manner for about two months. Cost-side optimized contribution performance elasticity, with regional precision and preservation being the main melody. The single q3 Māori ratio is the same ratio.
+0.2pc, which is expected to be a high-growth-led structure upgrade in the cellar series and cost-sharing disturbance quarterly. At the end of the fee, the single q3 sales cost ratio is equal to -0.8 pct, which is mainly a refined operation of costs, with a focus on mature upland markets (e.g. Chengdu, etc.) and effective control of other market costs (high short-term operating leverage);
Single q3 management costs are equal to -0.8 pct and are expected to benefit from scale effects and management benefits. On the profit side, single q3 net interest rates are equal to +1.4 pct and benefit from cost-side optimization. Prices are raised to facilitate recovery.
In 2024, the market was worried about whether the revenue would fall, and we, "The revenue growth in the Tianzhou Trench (000568.sz) - the second quarter was 30%, and the management advantage was given.
Considers that there is no need to worry too much: 1) in 2023, the company adopted a conservation strategy, and growth was more concentrated in the traditional "Killings (000568.sz) - Infamous wines, state cellars and truffles" - markets where there is still room for expansion in the 2024 growth market; 2) the waist products are more de-stocking this year.

Investment proposals: maintain previous profit projections, with companies expected to achieve rapid growth in revenue in the first three quarters of 2023-2025, with year-round performance achievable. In the first three quarters, companies achieved gross operating income of $21,943 million, or +25.21 per cent, and net return returns of $10,566 million, or +28.58 per cent;
The net profit from the non-mortality of $10,490 million, compared to +28,44%. In the three quarters alone, the company achieved a 25% increase in total operating income in the three quarters alone, and the cellar series continued to grow at a high rate. Single-q3 company revenue grew by 25%, in order of speed, the projected first two-track series of the cellar series.
The price growth is expected to contribute significantly more rapidly than the company as a whole, and is expected to increase at a similar rate at a similar rate, benefiting from: (1) higher settlement prices for foreign cellar companies; (2) early recovery of fall harvests; and (3) precision of costs. The rate of increase has improved, with cellars benefiting from 200-bit growth dividends and base effects over 30 years of age, with a more pronounced rate of increase.
The feature series, the old word, continues to go to stock in niche markets such as Hebei, 60 editions of the feature growth cycle continue, and the single q3 acceleration is expected to accelerate. In terms of returns, the company is expected to have largely completed its 23-year fiscal repayments, cost-side optimized contribution elasticity, and area tillage and preservation is the melody. The single q3 Māori ratio is equal to +0.2 ptt.
The sales cost ratio is the same-0.8 pct, which is mainly a refined operation of costs, with a focus on mature highland markets (e.g., Chengdu) and other market costs effectively controlled (short-term operating leverage); single-q3 management costs are the same-0.8 pct, which is expected to benefit from scale effects and management benefits. At the profit side, single-q3 net interest rates benefit from the same ratio +1.4 pct
From the perspective of cash, single-q3 receipts are equal to +90%, operating net cash flows are equal to +52%, and operating is of high quality. Looking ahead, in 2024, markets are worried about whether they will lose revenue, and we do not think they need to worry too much: 1) In 2023, companies adopted conservation strategies, growth was more concentrated in traditional markets, and growth was still expanding in 2024.
(ii) This year, more than ever, banks are deflated and adjusted, with a two-round drive expected in 2024. Figure 1: First quarter operating income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) in the old cellars of the county: third quarter net profit and rate of increase in the old cellars of the state (in billions, per cent)
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject