The performance was in line with expectations, and the surge continued with the launch of the Third Quarterly Report 2023, on 30 October 2023, of the incident evaluation report of the Cemetery (000568.sz).
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn Performances meet expectations, income profits increase (with 29% increase) and performance achieves high-quality gains in revenue profits
Long. At the profit end, benefiting from the continued optimization of the product structure, the Māori rate has been slightly reduced and the sales and management cost rates have been reduced effectively under the ongoing cost control measures. At the cash flow end, the net cash flow from 2023q1-q3 operations has been $9.053 billion
In terms of products, the country's customers, 1573, have continued to make use of a large monolithic advantage, and the channels have expanded smoothly.
In the meantime, the low-valued product increases, contributing to the overall growth of the 1573 series; the obituary 2, " Trench " (000568), the growth of middle-stage products, such as the Attack Number, the age of the cellar, is expected to recover gradually and to boost the market.
In terms of sales, the company's Spring Thunder operations are working well, with prices over two periods of time now relatively stable, with strong brand power to support the firm's product.
The “buy-in” investment rating is maintained. The macroeconomic downside risks, the size of the cellar are not growing as expected, and the special 60 is not growing as fast as expected.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short and medium term, a share of the potential; in thinking about the white wine board, there is an in-depth market for the Su wine; in June 2023, Sha Yannan: Master of Arts from Hunan University, Graduated in Finance, joined the Chinese Securities Study. Xiaobang State: Master of Arts from the Chinese University of Hong Kong, cfa: 3 years of study in the food and beverages industry, covering beer and halogen
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, or because of specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.