q3 performed well, and the brand continued.
Incident: The company issued its third-quarter report in 2023. The announcement showed that, in the first three quarters of 2023, the company achieved a gross operating income of $21,943 million, an increase of 25.21 per cent over the previous quarter; achieved a net return profit of $10,566 million, with a high performance of company q3.
In three quarters, companies are steadily moving toward the fall harvest plan, and the cellar is expected to grow steadily, with a steady growth rate of 1573. The recovery of consumer scenes, such as the stacking of feasts, has led to demand for low- and medium-priced belts, an improvement in company marketing rings over the second quarter, and a double-digit increase in revenue and net return profits.
Performance was excellent. 2023q3, the company achieved a gross operating income of $7.35 billion, an increase of 25.41% over the previous year; the company performed well in cash flow, contract liabilities, and demonstrated its strength. Since this year, the company has pursued its development strategy of “low-season markets, good-season sales, good-rate returns, cash flow and negative contracts.”
In terms of costs, the company has continued to refine the market since this year, and the cost structure has become even better. 2023q3, the cost of company sales has been 12.83%, a decrease of 0.79 percentage points;
It is expected that the company’s output will be further released. The company’s performance is expected to increase as a result of the smooth consolidation of restrictive stock incentive schemes.
“Positive” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not regulated by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report and have not used the publication.