The valuation has reached the point of ice, waiting for the spring to bloom - the value analysis of the investment in the Jiang Xi copper industry (600362.sh) has a wealth of domestic copper and mineral resources whose value has been underestimated.
The Jiangxi copper industry owns the largest open-air copper mine in the country, the Dehin copper mine. In addition to the Dehin copper mine, there are four fully-owned mines, namely, Yongping copper mine, Towngate copper mine, Wusan copper mine, silver copper mine. The company's five largest mines have a total of 7.3 million tons of copper reserves, with an average surplus of 37 years of mining, with only five mines containing about 21 per cent of the country's national reserves.
6.20 per cent of the value of the metal in the resource and the value of the resource is undervalued.
The trade in Jiang Xi copper accounts for about half of the revenue, while the Māori rate for trade is only 2.34 per cent, which results in lower profits for companies, and 20-30 per cent compared with the public sector in the Yunnan copper industry and copper mausoleum, which is well below the corporate ratio: in addition, a 23 per cent share of the company ' s copper roughing business, with only 1.17 per cent of its Māori rate, also lowers the overall Māori rate for companies.
• Corporate performance and share prices are more affected by copper prices than tc. The share of tc operations in corporate revenue is larger, but the profits from own minerals are more significant, and the hidden profits from own minerals are the lowest/highest in a year
Related. So, while the rise in copper prices has had little impact on corporate revenue, the impact on corporate profits has been significant, and the company ' s profits and historical shares have remained essentially similar to the price of lme copper, not strongly related to the price of tc, and we have measured our conclusions.
We believe that copper prices are more likely to be on the downside or across the board in 2023. One is that the global economy may continue to be depressed in 2023 at the demand level, China’s macroeconomic policies are unclear, and there is considerable uncertainty about whether real-estate investment will return to growth in 2023.
Qualitative; India’s market and new energy industry demand is strong, but the base is small, with a combined share of only 10% of global copper consumption, with limited impact on global copper consumption. Second, there is insufficient financial support, and cpi and pi growth in the United States is likely to continue to decline; and third, copper minerals are underutilized and will be well supplied in the future.
The company ' s current valuation level is at a historically low level, with 80 per cent of the time per ttm in the last decade of our statistics going beyond the current company as a leading domestic copper business, with strong operational and industrial integration capabilities, as well as active acquisitions and expansions in recent years, and continued major capital movements that could be a catalyst for rising corporate stock prices.
For the first time, companies are covered, and we give a “neutral” rating. We are also keeping a close eye on major corporate developments and changes in the market environment, adjusting ratings in a timely manner, depending on the actual situation.
The Jiangxi copper industry is one of the largest copper resource selection, smelting and processing companies in the country. Products include: cathode copper, gold, silver, sulphuric acid, bronze poles, copper tubes, copper beads, selenium, platinum, thugs, and thugs.
The stock of the company is listed on both the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Hong Kong Joint Stock Exchange, and the shares of a listed company engaged in gold mining (002237.sz) account for 44.48% of the shares.
The present report provides a preliminary analysis of the value of the company ' s shares. Since the main business in the Jiangxi copper industry is in the country, and domestic comparable companies are mainly listed in a stock, the analysis in this section will be based on a share market-related data relating to the use of the renminbi (rmb) when the financial data are not indicated1 and covers the entire industrial chain from copper mining to smelting, processing and trading.
In the Jiangxi copper industry, operations cover upstream: copper mining selection; to the middle: copper smelting; to the downstream: copper processing; and to the bottom: copper metal companies collected $442.7 billion in 2021, of which trade revenues accounted for about 46 per cent; industry and other non-trade earnings accounted for about 54 per cent. In the product structure, the refined product cathode copper is about 50 per cent; copper pole lines are about 23 per cent; and minerals are associated with about 10 per cent of precious metals, silver and gold.
In the profit structure, cathode copper accounts for about 59 per cent; copper poles for about 7 per cent; precious metal gold and silver for about 6.7 per cent; chart 3 collects and profits make up 2 of the largest mineral resources in the country.
The Jiangxi copper industry has the largest open-air copper mine in the country, the Dehin copper mine. In addition to the DeHing copper mine, the company also owns the Yongping copper mine, the City Gate copper mine, the Wusan copper mine, the silver copper mine four fully owned mines, as well as several joint-venture mines, where the joint-venture mining company has 4.43 million tons of copper reserves. With the exception of annual production, we can calculate the total amount of mineral resources available to the company for 37 years.
A total of 7.3 million tons of copper were stored in the company ' s five main mines. According to data from the National Statistical Office, the total national copper reserves in 2021 amounted to approximately 34.94 million tons, and the company ' s copper reserves in only five major mines accounted for about 21 per cent of the national reserves.3 The company ' s s smelting capacity is one of the highest in the country and technology is at an internationally advanced level.
The Jiangxi copper industry, which owns the Precious Creek Smelter, the Jiangxi Copper Industry (Cking Far) Limited, the Zhejiang Copper-rich and Copper Industry Co. Ltd., and the Jiang Copper-Hun tons, has achieved a capacity utilization rate of 106.6 per cent, the first production line in the country to introduce a full set of flash smelting technologies, using automated control techniques, and the overall technical level and economic indicators of the plant are internationally advanced.
In 2021, we produced 1,048 million tons of cathode copper and 17 per cent of the Jiangxi copper industry, the country ' s largest cathode copper producer, 15 per cent of bronze and 13 per cent of the Yunnan copper industry, respectively, and 45 per cent of total production, with higher industrial concentration. (iii) Companies compared with their domestic counterparts.
Listed companies in the country whose main industries are copper mining and smelting, in addition to the Jiangxi copper industry, are three listed companies, namely, purple gold mining, bronze colouring, Yunnan copper. A horizontal comparison is made from the following angles: Jiangxi copper has the second largest reserves of copper and associated resources among the listed companies in the country, second only to the violet gold mining.
Metal prices receive metal value, and the market value of Jiangxi copper is currently only 6.20 per cent of the metal value of several comparable listed companies, which is lower than that of Yunnan copper, which is much lower than that of the copper-coallowed and purple gold mining.2
We have limited copper resources, with about 8 per cent of the world ' s copper minerals, but, owing to the concentration of the global manufacturing sector in our country, copper consumption accounts for about half of the world ' s consumption, resulting in the need to import large quantities of copper concentrates every year from Chile, Peru, Australia, etc. Domestic copper smelters are also dominated by imported copper concentrates, and resource self-sufficiency is generally low.
In terms of the self-sufficiency of mineral resources, the gold mine has the highest self-sufficiency because it is based on mineral resource selection operations and is much smaller in smelting than the copper industry, the cloud industry, the southern copper industry, and the bronze mare. The second largest is the copper industry, which produced the cathode in 2021, which produced approximately 1.78 million tons of copper and 197,000 tons of copper concentrate, with a self-sufficiency rate of 11.07 per cent, and is second only to the gold mine in comparable companies, which is at a higher level.
In terms of Māori, the Māori rate in the Jiangxi copper industry is lower than that of comparable listed companies, mainly because the trade in Jiangxi copper accounts for about half of the revenue, while the Māori rate in trade is only 2.34 per cent, which reduces the profitability of companies and compares with 20-30 per cent in the Yunnan copper industry and the coloured trade in copper.
It is well below the corporate ratio; in addition, the company ' s copper roughing operations account for 23 per cent, with only 1.17 per cent of its Māori rate, which also reduces the overall Māori rate of the company. The Māori mining industry is dominated by mineral selection, with a higher Māori rate.
Figure 8 compares the profitability and growth of companies to the operational indicators, with a lower level of inventory and accounts receivable days in the Jiangxi copper industry, and a lower level of three fees as a share of revenue. This is related to a higher share of corporate trade, since trade usually has faster liquidity than production, while generating income.
As a result of this increase, the ratio of three fees has naturally declined. Corporate indebtedness has been at a low level in the industry, while the ratio of cash to revenue received for the sale of goods and services is also at a higher level, with companies operating more robustly overall.
ii. Supply and demand of copper and price trends (i) Demand for copper1 Our country is the largest consumer of copper in the world
Copper, as a good conductive heat material, is used mainly in electrical cables, electrical, electronics, transport, construction. Since we are the world’s largest electrical, automobile, electronics, and, in recent years, our infrastructure and real estate investments have been the largest in the world, our copper consumption has long been the highest in the world, accounting for about half of global consumption in 2021. In our country, electricity is the largest in the world.
In the field of swimming applications, accounting for about half of copper consumption; air conditioning, refrigerators, refrigeration equipment, accounting for about 17 per cent of copper consumption; construction, 8 per cent; transport, 9 per cent; electronics, 7 per cent; and others, 10 per cent.2 The growth in copper consumption in mature countries has been more stable globally, with rapid growth in emerging markets.
The demand for copper is highly correlated with macroeconomics, with global refined copper consumption of 25.26 million tons in 2021, copper consumption growing at a compound growth rate of around 2.5 per cent over the last decade, while global copper consumption, with a combined annual growth rate of 2.6 per cent over the last decade, remains strongly linked to gdp, often a precursor to the economy. In January-September 2022, global copper consumption grew by 3.3 per cent over the same period, with a strong overall demand.
The demand for copper in China and mature economies such as Europe and America and Asia and the Pacific is currently largely stable, with increases driven mainly by new energy industries. In emerging markets such as India and Viet Nam, copper consumption is still growing rapidly.
In January-August, consumption amounted to 435,400 tons, with an increase of 620,000 tons, or 15 per cent in the year as a whole. In India, the average annual consumption of copper per capita was only 0.44 kg, well below the global average of 3.15 kg, and there is much room for growth in the demand for copper in the future.
Households own refrigerators, 11% have washing machines, 6% have computers or laptops, and less than 4% have air-conditioning. For China’s fast-growing population, China is the world’s largest tropical country.
The electricity sector has a wide range of applications. Generators, transformers, switchers, wire cables all need to be applied to large quantities of copper.
Investments in the electricity sector, as a means of macro-regulation, often reversed the trend of economic growth, with the country being more affected by the epidemic in 2022, with an increase of 3.9% in the previous three quarters.
In recent years, the country and the global new energy industry have been growing rapidly, requiring a variety of complementary electrical equipment, thus increasing the demand for copper. According to the forecast for copper consumption in the new energy sector in the November 2022 weekly analysis of the futures of the Milky Way, the demand for copper in the new energy sector has increased.
The demand for copper from wind and light power in 2022 was 620,000 tons, and is expected to reach 730,000 tons in 2023. The global demand for wind and light copper in 2022-2025 will exceed 2.9 trillion yuan in total planned investment during the "145" period, in line with the "145" development plan for the national electricity grid and the southern grid, which is significantly higher than the 2.57 trillion yuan invested in the national grid during the "135" period and the "12 trillion yuan spent during the "1250" period.
During the 14th Five-Year Plan, the average annual growth rate of electricity network investment was around 3%. Thus, the electricity and grid sectors will show steady growth, which will help to stabilize the demand for copper. (2) Real estate-related demand
In the area of construction and domestic electricity, the combined share of copper consumption is 25%, and construction and household electricity are associated with real estate. In the construction of houses, public cables are usually laid at the completion stage, so we focus on the indicator of the area to be completed, which, when completed, will normally lead to copper lines, copper household cleaning, and domestic electricity. And, as the construction cycle is about two years old, the area to be built is the first indicator of the area to be completed.
We can calculate the area to be completed in the next two years by the size of the construction. A small peak in 2019 led to a wave of completed areas in 2021, a small peak in the first half of 2021, which in theory should lead to a small peak in the first half of 2023, thus driving the demand for copper.
Real estate firms are currently experiencing a marked slow pace of construction due to financial constraints and the increasing prevalence of delays in the delivery of housing, which may delay completion, affecting the low performance of real estate indicators in 2022 and negative growth in construction and completion areas. Over the course of the year, the country has put in place a number of policies to support the smooth and healthy development of the real estate sector, which are expected to slow down in 2023.
The production of air conditioners, refrigerators, is linked to the area of completion, but is relatively independent. It is mainly our air conditioners, refrigerators, in addition to meeting domestic demand, that are exported in large quantities abroad, while consumption abroad is not affected by domestic real estate.
In the construction of the grid, the main pole line is usually aluminium, and then it becomes medium-low-voltage transmission and distribution, mainly copper. The low- and medium-voltage distribution grid is the end end of a branch, with greater copper use, and the demand for copper is more pronounced. Thus, the demand for copper consumption is more hidden in real estate development.
Indirect effects of sex. (ii) Supply of copper and copper prices. Global copper resources are distributed mainly in Chile, Peru, Australia, Congo, etc., and copper mineral volumes are also mainly from these countries.
Copper mining is also concentrated in companies such as codeco, bhp, glencore, freeport-mcmoran, and southerncoper, which together accounted for 33% of the world ' s copper minerals in 2021. Copper mining is influenced by a number of factors, such as new coronary conditions in recent years, workers ' strikes, etc. The overall supply of copper mines fluctuates cyclically as markets require.
The current inventory of copper is average, and the capacity of the mines is below average. The supply of copper is expected to be adequate in 2023, depending on demand, and prices are influenced by a variety of factors, including demand and inflation.
Because international copper prices are mostly in dollars, inflation in the United States is reflected in copper prices. The past three years have been affected by the epidemic, with inflation in the United States rising rapidly, with cpi and pi up by more than 10 per cent, the United States has started to raise interest rates several times this year to contain inflation, and the cpi and ppi increases are now under control and reversed.
International copper prices are highly synchronized with United States cpi and ppi, and lme copper prices reach the US cpi correlation coefficient of 0.76 and, as the effect of interest hikes should become apparent, the US cpi and pi may return to lower-middle positions in 2023, and the financial support for copper prices may be inadequate. In terms of global industrial demand, copper prices are equally weak.
A combination of the above analysis, we believe that copper prices are more likely to be down the road or across the board in 2023. One is that the global economy may continue to be depressed at the demand level in 2023, there is uncertainty about whether China has liberal economic policies, there is greater uncertainty about whether the real estate sector in China will be able to resume investment and build growth, there is a strong demand in India but, after all, a small base that will have limited impact on global copper consumption, and there is a need for copper in the new energy industry.
A mere 8 per cent, with a smaller base, is not sufficient to have a significant impact on copper prices; second, there is insufficient financial support, and the increase in cpi and pi in the United States is likely to continue to decline; and third, the supply of copper is adequate. (i) Corporate equity prices are more affected by copper prices than tc prices.
In the Jiangxi copper industry, which is based mainly on mining of its own mines and copper refining, profits from mining operations are more affected by copper prices, while the refining business is more affected by international copper refining prices tc. In addition to mineral production, prices tc are also related to the bargaining power of smelters and smelters, so price fluctuations in tc are not consistent with copper prices. tc prices were $93 in the fourth quarter of 2022.
Choice, Department of Securities Research, the Jiangxi Copper industry has a larger share of the processing business, accounting for 89 per cent of the smelting capacity, and owning only 11 per cent of the smelting capacity left-right; but, in the profit structure, owning a mine has a higher Māori rate and has a greater impact on the profits, since we are not listed separately in the company announcement.
Reference is made to the fact that in 2021, the Māori rate for copper mines was as high as 67 per cent, while in the processing business it was generally only 3-4 per cent. Thus, while copper prices had little impact on corporate revenues, they had a significant impact on corporate profits, and the company ' s historical share price remained essentially similar to that of lme copper, with no strong correlation to the price of tc, by which we calculated that the ratio of the company ' s share price to the price of lme in the historical zone was 0.84, compared to the factor of tc.
The price-related coefficient is -0.44, which further validates our conclusion. Figure 22 Relationship of the share price of the Jiangxi copper industry to the price of lme copper and tc. (ii) The current stock price of the company is at a lower level
We compare the historical shares of the Jiangxi copper industry with the current valuation level at a historically low level. We have selected the historical pe (ttm) of the July 2013 - November 2022 bilineal data, excluding data with a market rate of less than 0 and a market rate of more than 50 (which is usually for a few months when the company is in a loss or micro-interest, which has a significant but irrelevant effect on the conclusions of the statistics), and the average pe value of the company is 21.76.
And, of course, as a company in the non-ferrous sector, the company's profits fluctuated considerably from copper prices to relatively small changes in net assets. And by looking at the net market rate pb, we find that pb is also at a historically low level.
The historical average of pb is 1.07, and the company ' s current pb is 0.85, which is also at a historically low level, with 93 per cent of the time in histograms, (2) a horizontal comparison of comparable companies, and we have selected a horizontal comparison of the prices of comparable companies, finding that the company ' s valuation of pe (ttm) is similarly lower than that of comparable listed companies.
The level of valuation is similar to that of the bronze mausoleum, which is lower than that of the purple gold mining and the Yunnan copper industry. (3) The h share value is more favourable than the a-share, which has long been much lower than the a-share price in the Jiangxi copper industry, making the h-share value more advantageous.
The annual dividends range from 2 to 5 per cent, which is also significant. In calculating the discount rates, we take into account the exchange rate of the Hong Kong currency and the renminbi at that time, the statistical average discount rate of 0.56, the current discount rate of 0.57, and the historical average of water, the HMS.
At the same time, by reference to the comparable valuation levels of the offshore copper industry, we find that the value of the Jiangxi copper industry is much lower than that of comparable companies. Freeport fcx has a current market surplus of about 15 times p (ttm) and a net market rate of about 3.8 times pb; anto has a current market surplus of about 19 times p (ttm) and a net market rate of about 2.3 times pb.
(iii) Resource share growth explores that listed companies with non-ferrous metal plates usually have resource attributes, and that, because resources are non-renewable, resources are less and less stored in sustained mining, have lower grade, are more and more expensive, resource bottlenecks are evident, and how to break through resource bottlenecks is a common industry challenge.
Source bottlenecks have long-term implications for company growth and equity prices, in areas such as lithium metal, where the growth of the company can be derived from the rise in metal prices and demand for metals, and in copper resources, where prices and demand are difficult to sustain owing to the maturity of the downstream market for copper, there are currently two main paths for intra-industry development: one is the route for resource expansion, represented by violet mining, which has been acquired globally in recent years.
Copper ore, where the current reserves of copper ore resources are much larger than those of the Jiangxi industry, while the market value of the company is also much greater than those of the Jiangxi industry: the second is a development route based on copper-coloured smelters, which boosts upstream bargaining power by expanding the capacity of the smelting industry, while reducing it at the same time. The Jiangxi industry, which has been operating relatively robustly for the last decade or so, has been on a path of expansion in recent years.
In November 2022, the company acquired 6.3% of Solgold’s shares for $222 million as a strategic investor. Solgold’s main asset is the Cascaville project, which is seventh in the world’s ten copper mines.
Price access to high-quality copper mines is an important guarantee for the long-term development of enterprises, and we continue to be concerned about and look forward to future mining acquisitions in the Jiangxi copper industry. On the basis of the above analysis, we make the following assumptions: (1) the company ' s revenue growth rate for the next three years is 5 per cent;
On the basis of the above assumptions, we expect corporate profitability over the next three years to be as follows: (1) Jiangxi copper is the second largest producer of minerals in the country, treating copper-wide chains that are the largest in the country. The company’s share price is currently at a historically low level and its market value is only 6.20% of the value of its resources, which is undervalued compared to that of its peers.
(2) We expect that in 2023 copper prices, both basic and financial, will lack sufficient support, that international copper prices may be down the road, and that the company’s share price will remain relatively positive in relation to copper prices. (3) In the short and medium term, the firm’s stock price will continue to rise significantly.
Strong operational and industrial integration capabilities, which have also been actively acquired and expanded in recent years, may be the first time that a firm’s shares are covered by a significant and sustained capital movement, and given the above, we give a “neutral” rating for the time being. We are also keeping a close eye on major corporate developments, as well as changes in the industry environment, and adjusting the ratings in a timely manner.
(1) The volatility of copper prices; (2) the volatility of tc prices; (3) exchange rate fluctuations and exchange gains and losses;
(4) Epidemic and other events affect start-up rates and capacity utilization;
This report is produced and published in Hong Kong by the Hong Kong Securities International Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) China-Toon Securities International Ltd., a 33-year-old voucher dealer with license plate No. 1/4/5/9 issued by the Hong Kong CVM.