Performance exceeded expectations, two-wheel drive of light storage operations for the future 27 October 2022 Event: 3-quarterly report issued by the company on 26 October 2022 and revenue earned by the company during the first three quarters
22,224 million yuan, i.e. +44.56 per cent of the same year; net profit on maternity is 2,061 million yuan, i.e. +36.94 per cent of the same year; net profit on deductions +55.14 per cent; net profit on deductions + 1,107 million yuan, i.e. +51.16 per cent of the same year. The growth in corporate operating income is mainly due to growth in photovoltaic and storage operations.
Reversers: Channels have significant advantages and a full product matrix. In terms of access, companies have a European, American \triangleright, Australian and Chinese channel, forming the five largest service regions around the world, 70+ Global Service Centre, 180+ Mandates.
At the same time, the company has a customer-centred and well-established partnership with global clients, with successive Gw-level counterchange orders, distributed market performance continuing to grow at a high rate, global mainstream market holding the highest position. On the product side, the product is diversified, concentrated, and the company 300kw+
Tang Yongkang, the sg320hx of the new technology, the unsettled modular inverter 1+x in the global scenes, s010521100006.
In terms of distribution, the company has launched a new sg110cx PV in order to match the business landscape, with a flexible mix of 600w+ large components, global mppt programmes, portable caps, etc., to further expand the market for small- and medium-power inverters.
Kwok Yingzheng, with sufficient capacity to guarantee delivery, is expected to provide strong support for the company’s performance.
Signing a strategic cooperation agreement with Sunshine Power will enable the two sides to explore the energy market together.
With supply and demand, this strategic collaboration with Ninder will strengthen the capacity of sun storage cores and further strengthen the competitive advantage of solar power storage system operations. The company is committed to promoting wind and light storage in synergy with the introduction of a whole series of liquid-cold-energy solutions that combine power generation, electrochemistry, and grid technology.
Powertitan, Powerstack, continuing the cooler, colder, less functional features, while supporting the 2022 semi-annual reporting point for Sunshine Power (300274.sz) for new and old batteries, further reducing lcos.
Review: Reverse transformer taps are steadily developing and storage capacity operations are expected to grow rapidly 2022/08/28 Station systems integration: continuous development and reduction of efficiency gains, with the sole award of the tüv Rhine Developer ' s Grand Award.
The pool of smart energy solutions has been continuously upgraded and the application landscape has become more comprehensive; the latest isolarrof household design software has been developed to enable households to use photovoltaic power plants to achieve mitigation efficiency and efficient power generation, and to improve the overall quality of the development of the photovoltaic industry. On September 2, Sunshine's new energy source was released by tüvLhine.
“The Photovoltaic Power Plant Developer Award,” combined development power was evaluated at the highest level by aaa, indicating that the Department’s power station development business has been fully recognized within the industry. Investment proposal: based on the rapid growth of company photovoltaic and storage energy operations, we have raised profit forecasts, forecasted public
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.