The three-quarter profit ring ratio improved, storage and power station operations went up, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre concluded the company ' s performance by issuing its third-quarter report for 2022. The company achieved 222.24 in the first three quarters of the 2922nd year.
One billion yuan, or 44.56 per cent more in the same year; 2,061 million yuan, or 36.94 per cent more in the same year; 1,902 million yuan, or 31.03 per cent more in the same year. Of this amount, a total of 9,943 million yuan, or 38.80 per cent more in the third quarter; 1,160 million yuan, or 55.14 per cent more in the same year; and 1,107 million, or less, in the third quarter.
In terms of storage capacity, the storage system was about 1.5 gwh in the first three quarters of 22 years, of which about 1.5 gwh in the third quarter was doubled in the second quarter.
Since then, the prices of the product have risen, and the company’s three-quarter profit ring has increased. Adding to the increase in the share of overseas exports, the increase in distribution and the fall in shipping costs, the third-quarter profitability ring has increased. 22q3 companies have experienced lower rates of cost and improved management of operations during the reporting period.
Foreign exchange earnings have increased, with 3-quarter corporate financial costs of $383 million. The profit from power station operations is expected to pick up at lower silicon prices. 22h1 has been temporarily curtailed by high prices in the main industrial chain, the need to install ground power stations in the country, and the company's investment in power station development costs have been reduced by 2.877 billion yuan, compared to the same amount.
With the release of domestic silicon production in the fourth quarter, the price of the components has gradually declined, the demand for domestic ground power stations has started, and the company’s pepc operations are expected to accelerate. Looking forward to the next year, silicon prices are going down the road, and the company’s power plant operations are expected to rise.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment proposals: The firm's inverter industry is strong and the global demand for storage is growing rapidly, leading to new performance points. The company is expected to grow by 56.4% net profit compound over the next three years, maintaining its “buying of solar power (300274); the inverter is in a stable position.
Solid, all-round core competitiveness 2. Sunshine power source (300274): Reverser business as a whole is stable, power stations and storage capacity are now profiting.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.