Good white horses for a steady-growing coal-chemical worker.
Shoyabo, a high-quality white horse for coal-chemicals, product diversification and resistance to cyclicality: the company has created a variety of industrial and technological platforms, such as clean gas gasification, synthesizing, “one-line” soft multi-products, and multiplicity.
The structure of the products is based on the company’s low-cost synthetic gas costs, the synthetic ammonia series, the methanol series, the extension of the product lines of adipic acids, polyols, ethanol, etc., and the product layout. The company grew from a single nitrogen fertilizer company at its inception to a product mix.
In the context of higher oil prices, coal-headed urea costs have been highlighted. And in coal-based industries across the country, companies use new gas.
urea is the company’s traditional backbone, cash flow is good, the original capacity is 1.8 million tons, new 1 million tons of urea is being replaced by the existing 800,000 tons of old equipment, which we estimate is currently being used.
New urea production capacity has reached 200 tons, and the company’s urea position has been further consolidated. The company is expected to benefit from a long-term improvement in the pattern of the acetic acid industry: domestic pta production has released extended domestic demand for acetic acid, foreign installations have been overhauled frequently to boost external demand, and supply end acetic acid has been added to its capacity X
The Acetic Acetic Acetate industry has limited supply and demand. The domestic Acetic Acetic Acetic Devices are now operating at a rate of 80% and are at an all-time high. Overall, we believe that the supply and demand patterns for Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acid remain tight in 2018, and prices are too high to fall. The company currently produces 500,000 tons of Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetics, yielding up to 600,000 tons, and will perform well.
Coal ethanol opens up the space for growth: we are a major producer of polyesters, but only 40% of the raw materials are self-sufficient and depend heavily on imports.
At present, 50,000 tons of coal-based ethanol technology has matured to polyester levels, and 500,000 tons of ethanol has been added to the post-partum process.
The company was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in June 2002, with limited shareholders in the Shandong Luhingen Group.
The company, which holds 32.32% of the company’s shares, actually controls the Wallow Holdings Group Limited, relies on new gasification technologies to expand product layouts. The company focuses on the integrated use of resources, creating a number of industrial and technological platforms, such as clean gasification, synthesizing, “multiline” soft multi-products, and diversified layouts.
The structure of the product, based on synthetic gas, consists of urea, melamine, compound fertilizers, and methanol products, including organamine, dmf, acetic acid and derivatives. In addition, the company has expanded the product lines of adipic acid, polyols, ethylene diols, etc., and has diversified product layouts.
In terms of production, companies have accumulated over the years.
Efficient planning of power structures and use of coal structures to capture energy-saving consumption from the source; management, fine management of production operations, ensuring the long-term operation of production systems, continuous optimization of utility engineering, production processes, and dive-downs, and strict management control of costs and reduction of production costs. Therefore, companies have very high cost-control capabilities
In 2017, the supply-side reforms drove the recovery in chemical prices, and the company’s performance improved significantly.
The industry as a whole faces a series of pressures, such as overcapacity, poor market environments, and tight resources and environmental constraints, with corporate collections showing downward trends, and net profit growth at home slowing down. In 2017, as markets warmed back, the prices of the company’s products rebounded and the downward trend reversed, yielding $10,408 million and net profit at the mother level at $1,222 million.
In terms of product structure, fertilizer accounts for a higher share of early corporate revenue and Māori, which have declined in recent years, as well as Māori. Other products collected by the company and Māori are gradually increasing, and the product profit structure is more even. Figure 4: Māori rates and net interest rates of the company over the years (%)
Figure 5: Product collection structure (millions of yuan) 2. Coal head urea has a significant cost advantage, and new production can strengthen the industry.
The country took the lead in the conversion of ammonium to urea, where it built an annual production of 110,000 tons of urea; then, in 2004, it launched a national nitrogen fertilization device, the first demonstration project with autonomous intellectual property rights in the country. After constant technological change and phasing out the fixed bed process, we estimate that the company now has 2 million tons of new urea production capacity.
The company currently has 3.2 million tons of co-production capacity, including about 1.5 million tons of synthetic ammonia, which can be regulated. The synthetic ammonia series consists mainly of urea and melamine, of which urea is the company’s traditional backbone, with an original capacity of 1.8 million tons, and on 17 May 2018, the company announced that the fertilizer was partially operational and the project was modified.
To upgrade a synthetic ammonia and urea production unit, we estimate the capacity of the modified company to produce urea at 200 tons (0.8 million tons of old clothes), which currently produces 50,000 tons of melamine and is profitable. In addition, a 500,000 tons/year urea compound is being built.
2.1. urea supply side reforms have been effective and the future advantages of coal-headed urea persist. Overall, the urea industry has experienced increased industrial stability after many years of off-productivity.
The most significant factor is the contraction in production, which in 2015 was 5.16 million tons of long-term parking capacity, 5.42 million tons in 2016, and in 2018 was estimated to be approximately 745.5 million tons of urea, with a very clear degenerative capacity. A significant number of urea devices were withdrawn or reduced, resulting in a significant contraction in urea supply. In 2017, the national urea production rate was approximately 74.5 million tons.
26,293 million tonnes (100% N, or approximately 57,160,000 tonnes in kind), representing a significant decrease of 9.2% from 2016. Looking ahead, the production capacity of urea and fixed bed urea will continue to contract. Domestic coal head urea yields about 74%, of which about 76% are fixed beds. Domestic gas industry has higher gas prices and urea does not have a cost advantage for raw materials.
urea is expensive, expensive, and polluting. In the current policy environment, solid bed urea will be eliminated further. Therefore, in the long run, urea will continue to be produced, industry patterns will lead by a 2.2.
The main advantage of the national advantage in the cost of urea is two: (1) the introduction of a new type of water-coallower furnace. In 2004, the company pioneered the introduction of a four-spray-to-set water-coated gas furnace, developed jointly by China-East Tech. Historically, our nitrogen-fertilization companies have used constant pressure-fixing bed-to-bed-to-air gasification.
Technology, which requires 25 to 75 mm of massive smoke-free coal or coke, with high energy consumption and pollution. Water slurry gas furnaces are more suitable than fixed beds, can use cheap coal raw materials, have a high percentage of active ingredients, have low energy consumption, and are environmentally friendly. After a long period of operation, companies have accumulated a wealth of operational experience and use low-cost synthetic gas to gradually use them.
Expanding downstream chemical varieties has been a long-term leader in the coal industry. (2) Maximizing coal use using multi-combined use processes. Waruing is extremely effective in the multi-combined use of coal, starting with flexible multi-species co-production in the form of a “one-stop line”
The structure of the product is regulated by market conditions: this can be followed by a clean drain on raw materials, such as recycling of cotails and hydrogen-rich gases, and a devulcanizer for the recovery of plant-wide ammonia; and finally, a clean drain on waste, such as wind blowing, gas squeezing, generating high-pressure steam, powering turbines and cogeneration.
In addition to ensuring excess steam self-sufficiency in synthetic ammonia systems, 42% steam self-sufficiency was achieved in other systems.Methanol's “water tank” is highly regulated and downstream acetic acid is more profitable.
The production of methanol and ethanol is regulated flexibly by the market conditions. Among the downstream products of methanol, the industry pattern is good and is expected to remain high in 2018; and the industry pattern of dmf is also high.
In 2018, the methanol series will become 3.1 mto as an important market driver for methanol, and China is the world’s largest producer of methanol. According to Lulu petrochemical statistics, by the end of 2016, the production capacity of methanol in the country will be high.
Seventy-eight,555,000 tons, or about 58% of global production. The Nitrogen Fertilizer Association estimates that 82.7 million tons of methanol will be produced in the country by the end of 2017.
There are significant differences between the raw material structure of methanol and the raw material structure of methanol overseas, with domestic methanol predominantly based on coal, accounting for about 70 per cent of methanol, as well as a ratio of about 15 per cent of cervix.
Some of the additional domestic methanol production capacity of 7.85 million tons per year, but some of them are equipped with their own acrylic acrylic hydrocarbons, some of which will be in production by the end of the year, and some of which will be released by the end of 2019.
The downstream consumption structure of methanol began to change significantly with the development of new industries such as methanol-based hydrocarbons. The domestic methanol-based industry started in 2010 and the demand for this type of substance consumed about 2.5 million tons of methanol in 2011.
Annual demand increases the most. In 2016, such projects consumed more than 20 million tons of methanol, nearly 50% of methanol, well above the traditional consumption of 12% formaldehyde, 7% acetic acid and 6% dimethyl ether, and 13% of emerging methanol fuels.
Methanol-based technology or the main driving force behind the growth of demand for methanol in our country. Although low and medium oil prices have weakened the competitiveness of coal-chemicals, domestic energy structures and industrial policies have provided a living space for mto, and projects are still under way, especially those already under construction.
The demand for methanol from mto installations is expected to increase further, with the increase in mto in 2018 being around 2.2 million tons, with some of the installed methanol packages estimated at more than 3 million tons of methanol out-sourcing for the year.
Overall, the supply of methanol in the future has greater scope, and imports of new production capacity from abroad are likely to increase, in addition to new domestic installations; in terms of downstream demand, traditional mtbe demand is stable or shrinking, methanol hydrogen is growing but has limited aggregates, with the main increase in demand coming from mto.
In the short term, the profitability of methanol in the second half of the year is expected to be sustained, on the one hand because of the limited speed at which it is released and the basic balance between supply and demand in the short term; on the other hand, during the heating season, the start-up of the furnace will be significantly affected, and some coal industries may have limited production, and the supply of methanol will contract to a certain extent.
The medium-term outlook is that global methanol production has grown significantly over the next few years, with a relatively well-defined supply of devices, mainly in North America and Iran, accounting for about 4% of total global production. Thus, Methanol prices are likely to fall in the long term.
We have an excess capacity in dmf, which, according to our estimates, currently has a total capacity of more than 1.2 million tonnes/year, with an annual consumption of between 500,000 and 600,000 tonnes. After a period of heavy prices, production is gradually concentrated and small capacity is being exploited. The company is a giant dmf-produced company with an annual capacity of 250,000 tonnes. On the supply side, dmf has not been added recently.
In terms of consumption structure, domestic consumption of dmf is mainly in the slurry sector and more than 70% in polyurethane resin solvents. The production of polyurethane solvents produces large amounts of water and waste, and as the environmental protection of the country increases, the plant has introduced alternative environmental solvents to dmf, such as the acetylamine and ammonia industry, which uses acetamide instead of dmf.
We do not expect much change in the structure of demand downstream of dmf in the future, the overall demand market is shrinking, and the price volatility of dmf is mainly affected by supply-side stoppages and overhauls.
We believe that companies are at the forefront of the industry and that the level of profit for dmf can be stabilized at a higher level. Figure 14: price trends for dmf ($/tons)
3.3. Acetic acid: Lower-stream pta+ export demand is released, with future supply and demand of 8.65 million tons of acetic acid produced annually in China, yielding about 6.54 million tons. At the supply end, there has been little new capacity in recent years, and the acetic acid device has been overhauled frequently and its actual start is low. At the demand end, the demand for the domestic pta is rising rapidly to boost the demand for acetic acid.
Since the second half of 2017, the acetic acid market has been warming and prices have been rising. The main reasons are: rising demand from overseas and a significant increase in domestic exports of acetic acid.
The second major cause was the shutdown of 1.5 million tons of installations per year in the United States of America and 544,000 tons per year in Liandan Basel until late September, as a result of Hurricane Harvey; immediately following the accidental explosion at the American Isman factory in early October, the production of 200,000 tons per year of acetic acid was halted.
As a result, exports of acetic acid rose sharply in the second half of 2017, amounting to 330,000 tons in July-December, compared with about 120,000 tons in the first half of the year.
In the second half of 2017, pta started working well and production increased. In August, pta started working. In October, 1.2 million tons of pta resumed production in the Far East further boosted the downstream demand for acetic acid.
With respect to acetic acetic acetic acetic anhydride, a 100,000-ton/year device is expected to come into operation early in 18, based on 1.2 per cent of acetic acid consumption.
The demand for ethylene acetic acid is about 120,000 tons. ethylene acetic acid has grown less in 18 years, and the demand for acetic acid has increased only slightly in the short term; but in the long run, 19 years, more capacity has been added and the supply of ethylene acetic acid has been tight.
In addition, with the introduction of ethanol gasoline, acetic ethanol is an emerging downstream demand for acetic acid. In 2018, the new acetic ethanol device was a 100,000-ton/year supply device for acetic acid.
Much of this demand remains to be seen. Much of the catalyst for the surge in export demand in the second half of 2017 was “natural and man-made disasters” . . . . . . . . . . mainly affected by hurricanes and device explosions in the United States.
Exports, or a slight fall from 2017, are expected to be above the level of 240,000 tons in 16 years. Taken together, domestic demand for acetic acid is expected to increase by 400,000 tons, and even if exports fall, demand will increase by 8.65 million tons per year, yielding about 6.54 million tons.
China’s last round of acetic acid expansion peaked in 2014, followed by a marked slowdown in capacity growth. In August 16, Henan Longwoo’s 400,000-ton acetic device was put into production, with no additional capacity in the industry for 17 years.
With 350,000 tons of acetic acid produced, but most of it self-utilized, we expect no more than 100,000 tons to be out of business each year. The start rate of the domestic acetic device is now nearly 80%, and it is at an all-time high. First, acetic acid is very demanding on the production unit, owing to the unprofitability of the industries involved over the years, maintenance or default; second, acetic acid device in the North is subject to environmental policy.
Overall, we believe that the supply and demand patterns for acetic acid remain tight in 2018, with prices expected to remain high. Companies’ production costs are lower than industry competitors, companies’ production costs are lower, and they now produce 500,000 tons of acetic acid, with the prospect of generating significant revenues for the company.
Import substitution of ethanol offers industry opportunities, company coal-based ethanol opens up a growth space Ediol, known as glycol, or meg, looks like colourless clarification of viscous liquids, is an important chemical feedstock that can be used to manufacture polyester fibres, beverages, film, acetyldehyde, anti-freezes, unsaturated polyester resins, and
At present, ethanol is divided mainly into oils and coals, with oils being divided into quartz oil feedstocks and ethane feedstocks, both producing ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene; coal processes include herbate,
Methanol synthesis and direct synthesis. Figure 20: ethanol extraction process route 4.1. We have only 40% ethanol self-sufficiency
More than 90% of ethanol is used for polyester production. The most important uses of ethylene diol are phenylacetic acid (pta) polymer production polyesters. In 2016, 85% of global consumption of ethylene was concentrated in polyester production, with China ' s polyester sector consuming up to 92.8% of ethylene, and less than 10% of that amount was used for anti-frozen fluids, unsaturated resins, polyurethanes, etc.
Field. Polyester is used mainly for the production of detergents and bottlelets, which include long wires and short fibres of detergent, and is eventually used in the textile industry, accounting for about 75% of the total consumption of ethanol downstream: bottled tablets are eventually used in the packaging of food beverages, accounting for about 12% of the total consumption of ethylene diol downstream.
Figure 21: Structure of consumption of ethanol in China 2016 Figure 22: Regional distribution of consumption of ethanol in China
We are the largest producer of polyesters, with the largest demand for ethanol in the world. Our polyester industry accounts for half of the world’s ethanol consumption, so that consumption of ethanol is mainly in Asia, and consumption of ethanol in China is mainly in Jiang Zing, where polyester production is concentrated. 76% of Asia’s consumption in 2016 was the largest consumption area in the world.
Despite the decline in China’s polyester production in recent years, total demand for ethanol imports remains high. In 2017, ethanol imports amounted to 87.162 million tons, an increase of 16%.
4.2. There are more new production capacities in the future, and import substitution accelerates. Most of our production of ethanol comes from the oil ethylene route.
Due to the limited capacity of the refinery to produce ethanol, ethanol production has increased over the past few years, but it is far from meeting the country ' s large demand for polyesters. Moreover, ethylene oxide from the refinery ' s ethylene preparations is generally available for a variety of downstream derivatives, and the historical start-up rate of ethylene is low, with current capacity utilization being only 60-70 per cent.
Looking to the future, new ethanol production is concentrated, but actual landings are to be observed. According to the Network, there are more than 70 coal ethanol-only enterprises with a total planned production capacity of 29.16 million tonnes/year. If all projects are under way, there will be oversupply in China’s ethanol industry. We believe that there is a current investment in coal ethanol.
Overheating, with a pre-existing advantage in the built-up-capacitation zone, planning for real production may be limited. In the future, competition for domestically produced ethanol will intensify, and lowering production costs will be a top priority for the industry’s foundation.
According to the Secretary-General of the National Commission for the Development of New Gases Technologies, Jung Wei-chung, the country's resource endowment is characterized by a “coal-rich oil- and gas-deficit” approach to the production of ethanol in different order of competitiveness, with coal-based ethanol being the most competitive product in the country and having a cost disadvantage compared to the ethane method internationally.
With its own leading synthesizing gas platform, Hualuhingl uses low-cost synthesizing gas as a feedstock to produce ethanol, first of all to reduce the investment cost of coal-based ethanol synthesizing gas, which also has an industry advantage. The quality problems of coal-based ethanol are also important factors limiting the actual delivery of its production capacity.
There is still a gap between content and content indicators and oil production, which limits the use of coal-based ethanol in the high-end polyester sector. Large polyester enterprises typically purchase 10-20% of coal-based ethanol, which is mixed with the oil route ethanol, and only individual enterprises can mix up to 50%.
Lower-stream applications of ethanol are expected to be further liberalized. Hualuzhin is a relatively advanced coal-based ethanol product, which has reached polyester levels and has been supplied to tourists in tons, of which 2.13 million tons are scrubbed, 250,000 tons are scrubbed, and 1.7 million tons are added to the polyester bottle, with a rough estimate of capacity.
On the other hand, the price of ethanol is closely related to crude oil, and we expect that the current higher price of crude oil will support the price of ethanol. Correspondingly, the cost advantage of coal-based ethanol will be more pronounced.
In the long run, the self-sufficiency rate of ethanol will increase, and industry competition will increase, with high-cost companies winning. The company now has 50,000 tons of ethanol, and the next 500,000 tons of ethanol is expected to be in production in 18 years, and one after delivery.
Figure 26: Trends in the price of ethanol (in yuan/tons) and the price of brent crude oil (in United States dollars/barrells, right axes) 5. Profit forecasting and valuation
Key assumptions: we expect the price of coal to remain stable from 2018 to 2020, assuming that the average price of coal from the company ' s raw materials is 630 yuan per ton: new urea capacity released from 2018, with production distributed in 2018 to 2020 at 1.68 million tons, 1.82 million tons,
The annual production of acetic acid is 600,000 tons, at an average price of 4500 yuan per ton; 500,000 tons of new ethanol were produced in July, with a total production of 230,000 tons in 2018, 385,000 tons in 2019, 495,000 tons in 2020, at an average unit price of 7,500 yuan per ton.
High speed; in the long run, ethanol opens up growth space and in the future there is a reserve of old and new kinetic energy conversion projects in Shandong Province, where companies are involved in products that are mostly bulk chemicals with a high degree of cyclical volatility. The product price volatility may have a greater impact on profits, as in the case of industries such as urea and dmf, which are still at a stage of overcapacity.
The company’s future growth is largely due to the coal-based ethanol project, the strict environmental policy in the Shandong region, and the degree of engineering difficulty from 50,000 tons to 500,000 tons.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board