Weak-cycle new coal-chemicals poles, ethanol opening up the growth space ethanol is advanced in clean gas gasification techniques, highlighting long-term growth attributes: companies are the vanguards of new coal-chemicals, relying on advanced water-coalition technologies to build multi-combined heat and power-recycling networks, and through research and development inputs,
Process improvement, optimization and management create a competitive advantage in the industry’s leading costs, showing strong growth attributes in the cyclical sector. In the case of methanol production, the cost of methanol in the company’s water slurry process is at least 500 yuan/ton lower than the industry’s 35% fixed bed.
• “one-line” soft multi-products, weakening profit-cycle fluctuations: companies build “one-line” soft multi-product platforms, multi-bellied products are driven by platforms, currently own 2.5 million tons of urea, tons of ethanol and 50,000 tons of urea, and companies adjust their product mix flexibly to market conditions to achieve profitability
Maximize, and the company’s cyclical properties will continue to weaken. The acetic acid industry has a high profile, and the company’s performance is resilient: domestic export of acetic acid has improved to a good level and output growth has stagnated (up to 100,000 tons in 18 years), and the start-up rate for industrial installations in 2017 has increased from 65% to 65%.
Steady, pta purified pull demand rebounds, with an estimated 500,000 tons of acetic acid consumption expected to increase in 2018, leaving the industry unattended. The company’s capacity is about 550,000 tons, the equipment is stable, the work load is full, the price of acetic acid is about 500 yuan per ton higher, and the performance is about 200 million yuan higher.
● ethanol import substitution accelerates, and new projects open up room for growth: coal ethanol is accelerating the replacement of the import market as domestic technology breaks down. The company ' s coal ethanol installation load rate is 100%, and the quality polyester level, with an existing capacity of 50,000 tons, at a total cost of about 4900 yuan/tonne.
The full cost is expected to drop to $4,200 per ton, assuming a unit price of ethanol of $8,000 per ton, with a current net gain of approximately $2,200 per ton, and a net profit of 500,000 tons per year from the postnatal period.
10 times higher. Given the company's advanced water slurry gasification technology, the cost-concentrating industry leads, the performance is safe.
Ten thousand tons of ethanol opened up the growth space and maintained a “highly recommended” rating.) Half a million tons of ethanol will come into production in July 2018, with full costs down by 700 ton from the 50,000 tons project, taking into account the scale effect. Assuming 250,000 tons of ethanol production in 2018 and 560,000 tons of methanol outlet,
In 2019, 550,000 tons of ethanol were produced, and 200,000 tons of methanol was exported. 2) The prices of products were stable, the prices of raw materials, coal, etc., were stable, and the company acetic acid, adipic acid, and dmf remained fully productive.
Our view, which is different from the market, is that the company's perception is at the cyclical stock level, investing in companies based on product price escalation logic. We believe that the company's cyclical attributes are weakening, that the built-in growth properties are ignored by the market, and that future performance is expected to continue to be over-expected.
1. Companies are constantly developing experience in production operations, reducing costs through in-house technological upgrading, process optimization, administrative cost control, while guaranteeing the stability of installations, achieving essentially the desired state of “safe, stable, long, full and superior” chemical production, and gradually building up the industry's leading cost advantage through long-term accumulation.
The spirit of “smiths” driving growth within companies is often ignored by the market.2 The company’s positive performance period has seen its forward capital spending of about 7.2 billion dollars, while traditional industries upgrading projects, technology improvement projects, etc. have been completed and 500,000 tons of ethanol will be put into production in July/August 2018, with the following:
Energy release will contribute to sustained growth in corporate performance over the next two years.3 By adopting a multi-purpose platform, companies will be able to take advantage of the benefits of advanced water-coalition gasification devices and, as products become richer and more resilient to cyclical fluctuations, upgrade the profit center and narrow it down.
The cyclic properties continue to weaken, with 500,000 tons of ethanol in production and prices rising 11, 10 and 10 times higher, respectively. Given the company’s advanced water-coalition technology, the cost-consumption industry leads.
High performance security, coupled with the continued weakening of the cyclical properties of the multi-combined platform, coupled with increased acetic acid elasticity, the opening of 500,000 tons of ethanol to growth space and the maintenance of a “highly recommended” rating.
The company is a new coal industry listed in 2002 for fertilizer and chemicals based on clean gas technologies.
Multi-productive, shareholders in the Shandong Hua Luhing Group Ltd., a new coal-chemical industry with excellent growth genes, back on track in 2014 after a brief downswing in corporate income and net profit growth, from a 2002 income of $450 million, year-long low industry, to a 2014 launch of the Acetic Acetic Acid Project.
In the face of industry downturns, where rapid adjustments can be made, profits can be maintained at relatively stable levels even in the face of a severe deterioration of the industry and a sharp contraction in the size of the company's income. We believe that companies have an absolute competitive advantage in the industry and are the main source of genetic growth within the company, taking into account products such as corporate fertilizer, chemicals, etc.
“The spirit of craftsmen” created a cost advantage for the company’s leading industry. From 2010 to 2016, the industry moved from a mood to a low level, far above the coal industry, largely thanks to the company’s cost-leading competitive strategy, which led to the upgrading of production systems.
For corporate cost advantages, we summarize the following: advanced water gasification technologies, continuous optimization of process processes, integrated use of multi-purpose platform resources, refined management advantages, and we believe that companies are achieving these advantages.
The underlying reason for this is that companies are focused on their areas of expertise and are well-developed to do so.By contrasting with the Māori rate of the new coal plates, the company compares with the net interest rate of the new coal plates, figure 4: The company compares with the net interest rate of the new coal plates.
Clean gasification technologies are advanced, feedstock coal use is efficient. Clean gasification technologies are one of the technologies used by coal chemical industries, characterized by efficient energy use, adequate resource use, and low greenhouse gas emissions, and are converted from coal to synthesizing gas, resulting in the production of methanol and synthesizing.
According to industry data for 2012, gasification is a key link in the production of ammonia, with energy consumption accounting for 70% of all process processes and a major factor affecting the cost of products and economic efficiency. The company gasification platform is mainly a production process: air fraction-water gasification-conversion (unchanged).
- Methanol washing - liquid nitrogen washing - (methanol or co) - synthetic ammonia, where the efficiency of coal development and utilization is key to reducing costs, including the use of coal types (smoking-free, smoke-free) and coal efficiency, which are determined mainly by the use of set-up devices (gas furnaces), while the efficiency base values are determined by the device, while the ceiling increases are largely company-owned.
The company introduced 6.5mpa, processing coal 750t/d, multi-pesser water flask gasification units from the China East Polytechnic University as early as 2002, and began testing them in December 2004.
With this equipment, coal has been converted from white coal to rich low-quality powdered coal, achieving 7% savings, 7% aerobics, 2-3% an increase in carbon conversion, 2-3% an increase in efficiency, overloading of equipment, and excellent process indicators compared to the single nozzle water gas furnaces that were carried over the same period.
In October 2017, the Gasification Facility of the Integrated Industrial Upgrading and Cleaner Production Project was put into operation, adding three water coal, magnification furnaces and 1,368 million nm3 base synthetic gas production capacity to replace 14 old system installations in the former East factory area Air-building furnaces and related equipment, and an acetic nozzle gas furnace in the Large Nitrogen Fertilizers project, to be launched
This will lead to the upgrading of the old plant ' s ugi fixed-bed unit and the reduction of coal consumption and utility consumption. According to the integrated gas consumption (coal) indicator, the new unit is 0.8175 kg of coal/m3 and is replaced by 0.8623 kg of coal/m3 of gas, and 0.9574 kg of coal/m3 of gas, respectively, with resource efficiency.
A significant upgrading, coupled with the introduction of smoke-free coal as the primary source of alternative devices and lower cost of coal procurement, has resulted in the completion of the traditional industrial upgrading project, the complete adoption of advanced water-powder gasification techniques for company installations, the complete elimination of the former fixed bed units (ugi), and the company ' s urea devices, which are industry leaders compared to industry, are currently in the country.
urea yields 75 million tons, of which coal-headed urea accounts for about 55.5 million tons, of which the fixed bed process accounts for 56 per cent, the fluid bed process for 44 per cent, mainly because of the large number and small size of urea enterprises in the country, the weak financial capacity of small enterprises, and the use of fixed bed units (fixed bed gas furnaces (ugi) with lower investment costs.
For the most part, the resistance to renovating the device is derived from: 1) the high cost of investing in the new device, which, at the size of 1 million tons of ammonia cogeneration, would require about 2 billion dollars and, in the past, the industry was depressed and the enterprise had no incentive to change the device; 2) the installation and debugging cycle of the new device was long and the ugi technology was mature, from installation to short life cycle, stable operation, stable operation, etc.
The risk of commissioning is low and a number of manufacturers have invested in a lot of technical changes in the ugi installation and are reluctant to change the equipment easily; 3) Gasification plants are more demanding for coal, different groups of coal are adapted to different gas furnaces, and new devices must be adequate to match the coal use structure, taking into account a combination of factors such as coal composition, procurement, equipment adaptation, etc.
Whether to replace the device or not. Cost comparison: Molotov cocktails require 0.7 tons of smoke for 1,000 m3 synthesis gas, ugi (optimised) 0.62 tons of smoke, assuming an average cost of 700 yuan per ton of smoke-free coal and 500 yuan per ton of smoke, based on production
One ton of synthetic ammonia consumes approximately 1,463 m3, with a cost advantage of 102 yuan per tonne for a water slurry gas furnace. In addition, a water slurry gas furnace has a cost advantage of 365 yuan per ton at a price of 0.5 yuan per kilowatt hour.
A full cost advantage of $240 per tonne. 1.1.2. Focus on R & D inputs and strong endogenous growth. Advanced devices are the basis for improving resource efficiency, such as coal, and further efficiency requires R & D inputs.
In this context, the company attaches great importance to the implementation of a series of technology adaptation projects each year to improve resource efficiency and reduce production costs through the absorption and adoption of advanced energy-saving technologies, improvements and optimization of technological processes, such as the former autonomous development of a plant-wide ammonia recovery system, which uses ammonium, refining, urea, etc.
Full conversion to ammonia as a devulcanizer for flue gas desulfurization of the thermal power system and improved efficiency in the integrated use of resources. In 2017, the company completed process improvement projects, mainly on traditional industrial upgrading and cleaner production integrated utilization projects, boiler structure adjustments, piecemeal engineering minor modifications, energy efficiency technology adaptation projects, and a large number of small technologies each year.
By exploring debugging, the company has been able to keep the device running smoothly for a long period of time, with the Big Nitrogen Fertilizer platform running for a maximum of 1,000 consecutive days, basically extending the life cycle of the installation overhaul to two years.
1.1.3 Building a circular economy that combines energy sources such as heat, electricity, steam, etc. The company builds three main networks using raw materials, “triple waste” and thermal energy, based on a multi-production platform, with a clean gasification technology platform in which the company has complex processes for the simultaneous production of synthetic ammonia, methanol and co.
On this basis, the Fertilizer, Organamine, acetic acid, adipic acid, and polyols have been created. On the basis of a multi-production platform, waste is burned through recycling bed boilers, gas is burned by environmentally friendly boilers, sludge, waste boilers are recovered, residual heat is recovered, condensate, wastewater and waste gas are recycled, and the co_2, n_2 gas are recycled and re-used.
The “three main networks” of companies refer specifically to:
Extension of products; use of new transformive adsorption techniques to extract high-purity hydrogen gas, thereby synthesizing ethylamide and amphetamine to increase the value added of subsequent products; self-development of plant-wide ammonia recovery systems to convert all ammonium generated by systems such as ammonia synthesis, refining, urea to ammonia for use in thermal power systems, flue gas devulcanization, etc.
iii) Waste gas use: (i) Air blowing, gas-recycling, generating high-pressure vapours, powering steam turbines, cogeneration of heat and power, achieving 42% of the steam of the synthetic ammonia system, in addition to ensuring that it is self-sufficient. By recovering methanol, co-separate permeating gas, ammonia, etc.
(b) Waste-water use: full reuse of vapour condensate, reduction of residues and wastewater as grinding coal water, reduction of exterior discharges, and reuse of more than 97 per cent of water; (c) sludge use: high-pressure steam-driven turbine power generation through the construction of flue bed boilers, burning of high carbon-containing sludge;
After slag and ash are treated, the adjacent enterprises are coordinated to produce cement with fine ash, and to produce road surfaces, bricks, empty-heart bricks, and road repair, all of which are recycled.
In the case of steam systems, for example, back pressure power generation, high pressure vapour-driven industrial turbines, medium pressure vapour to the heat source of the chemical high-pressure system, low-pressure vapour distillation of the methammf, and final water into the condensate system for a new cycle.
1.1.4 High cost controls and lower costs during the period The company continuously reduces its time cost by exploiting potential efficiency gains, reducing its sales, financial and management cost rates to 1.82 per cent, 1.46 per cent and 1.64 per cent respectively in 2017.
The River Economic Development Area has two plant areas, east and west, with an advantage in production concentration and management, with overhead rates falling by more than 2 percentage points since 2012, and corporate revenue levels growing from 3.3 billion yuan in 2010 to 1.2, flexible multi-production models that weaken profit cycle fluctuations.
From the “three head” to the “multi-head” multi-production model: the company’s multi-production model began with the “three head” model, with clean gasification technology at the forefront, with synthetic gas production as a platform for the production of intermediate products such as synthetic ammonia, methanol and co, further processing of final products such as urea, carbon monochemicals, silicon synthesis, drying, etc.
Combining processes that allow flexible regulation of the output of products in production and more efficient use of resources. Prior to its listing in 2000, the company was a fertilizer company that was free from the small nitrogen fertilizer business, with synthetic ammonia and urea production capacity of 180,000 tons and urea, respectively, and 60,000 tons of combined methanol production capacity, which was highly associated with the company.
The company was listed in 2002, with the first large nitrogen fertilizer project in the country, the national nitrogen fertilizer project in 2004 and the company based on clean gasification to achieve synthetic ammonia, methanol, and silicon raw materials III.
Combining (“one-line, one-line, three-line, one-line, three-line), the process company can adapt its product mix to changing market demand and increase its resilience to risk, and the company ' s multi-purpose platform is almost complete with key links.
Figure 8: Multi-combined production in its original form, “One Line Three” and the company completed a 200,000-ton acetic acid device in 2009, extending the “One Line Three” production model to “One Line Multiple Head” and bringing about dynamic regulation between urea, acetic acid and polyurethane support products
Production, and the multi-combined advantage was magnified with a well-developed industrial chain of downstream products. 160,000 tons of adipic acid, 50,000 tons of synthetic tail gas ethanol in 2010, 150,000 tons of nitric acid, 100,000 tons of melamine in 2011, 200,000 tons of polyols in 2013, and the expansion of ethylene diol began in 2016.
Fertilizers are the only ones that have gone hand-in-hand with multiple fists: the structure of the company’s fertilizer business has changed considerably over the years with the expansion of the multi-combined production model. Fertilizers were still the company’s fist products in 2010, with incomes and Māori as high as 41% and 47%; and in 2017, the company’s multi-combined model created fertilizer, organochlorine, acetic acid, adipic acid,
Companies shift from a single fertilizer product to increasingly diversified chemical and fertilizer products. Multi-production models based on synthetic ammonia, gas, and methanol offer a variety of possibilities for flexible production mixes: public.
The Division relies on cleaner gasification technology to construct downstream product combinations based on a combination of ammonia, methanol, hydrogen, co, co. and other intermediates: 1) production of acetic acid is based on a low-pressure synthesynthesis of methanol, which is based on a catalytic reaction of methanol and co to produce acetic acid, and methanol and co are co-production products of ammonia;
2) The main products of organamide are dmf and methamamine, of which dmf is synthesized by exposure, and methamamine is synthesized by low pressure, both of which are produced as raw materials for methanol and ammonia; 3) urea is produced by carbon dioxide gas and water solution-wide cycling, mainly for co2 and ammonia; 4) company ethanol is mainly coal-based by direct and indirect methods
Co and h2 are prepared in synthetic gas; 5) the adipic acid is based on benzene, hydrazine synthetic cyclohexane, cyclohexane oxygen is generated in kate, ka oil nitrate oxidation is produced in adipic acid; 6) polyols are based on acylene, with co, hydrogen hydrated by lulcol, thionaldehyde plus hydroxylene and thiolycol.
The company's multi-manufacturing structure is based on current market conditions, adjusting the optimal product structure: the company currently has production capacity: 2.5 million tons of urea, 1.6 million tons of methanol, 250,000 tons of dmf, 200,000 tons of methamine, 550,000 tons of acetic acid, 160,000 tons of acetic acid, and 160,000 tons of vinegar.
50,000 tons of anhydride, 50,000 tons of melamine, 50,000 tons of ethanol, etc., and the company ' s good profits in 2017 in acetic acids, dmf, adipic acids and so on, respectively, 6362 million tons, 3567 million tons, 2142 million tons. The company ' s plant origin is still a combination of ammonia, so it mainly regulates the production of methanol and synthetic ammonia, both generally.
Methanol and downstream chemicals are now more profitable than synthetic ammonia, urea, etc. Methanol and synthetic ammonia are produced at a ratio of 3:1. Multi-combined production reduces profitability cycle fluctuations and will continue to weaken as the platform perfects its corporate cycle attributes: over the past few years
The chemical industry has a general excess capacity, is in a low cycle, and profits are growing at a low rate. Companies rely on cleaner gas and gas technologies to build a multi-purpose business model, adjust the product mix to market demand and product prices (regulating flexibility to ensure continuity of production), increase resistance to cycle risk, 23% compound growth in corporate profits in 2010-2016, and
The industry’s low- and low-growth firms guaranteed maximization of profits through product restructuring, weakened cyclical attributes, and high growth attributes. And when the industry’s landscape, companies can still adjust the optimal mix of products through multi-combined production and enjoy the cyclical landscape.
At this point, the fertilizer industry, the supply side reform and environmental monitoring are moving forward, with some chemicals experiencing a dramatic rise, with the same price differentials for the company's “product-material” in 2017: 24% methanol, 37% dmf, 45% adipic acid, 130% acetic acid.
53 per cent ethanol and 31 per cent ethylene diol, which followed the trend in the price of ethanol raw materials (Mt/t) and the trend in the price of melamine raw materials (Mt/t), taking into account the continuous contraction in the environmentally sound high-pressure supply, the improvement in the basics of the industry
Newtimesecurities urea raw materials price differentials (M/T) Acetic acid climates have increased significantly and performance has increased in elastic space
The domestic acetic acid production capacity is about 8.4 million tons, with China accounting for 67% of the capacity. Owing to the past industry recession, domestic acetic acid production began to grow slowly in 2014, and no new acetic acid devices have been deployed to date, except for the 400,000 tons in Henan in 2016. Acetic acid production is expected to be about 6.23 million tons in 2017, an increase of 5%.
The rate rose from 65 per cent to 85 per cent at the beginning of the year, and we saw a steady increase in the start-up rate in the industry, driven by a near stagnation in new production capacity, and an improvement in supply and demand patterns.
1.3.2 The growth of downstream acetic acid is stable and the demand for pta is increasing at an accelerated rate The largest global downstream demand for acetic acid is for ethylene acetic acid, polyethyleneol, which accounts for 35 per cent, followed by phenyldimethyl acid (pta), which accounts for 21 per cent, followed by acetic anhydride and acetic acid, which account for 14 per cent and 13 per cent, respectively, and domestic downstream
The first largest demand was for acetic acid, which accounted for 27 per cent, followed by pta, which accounted for 19 per cent, followed by ethylene acetate, polyethyleneol, which accounted for 18 per cent.
In recent years, the State has strengthened the regulation of the paint and paint industry by restricting harmful substances in indoor decorative materials, solvent-type woodware paints (restriction of benzene and ketone solvents), while acetic acid, as a coating organic solvent, has excellent properties such as low toxicity, solubility, volatilization, low residues, etc., and is gradually being used for this purpose.
Substitution of pre-existing organic solvents. The domestic paint market expanded from 9.66 million tons in 2010 to 20.41 million tons in 2017, at a compound rate of 11%, guaranteeing a steady increase in demand for acetic acids in the future. pta: Detergent is a major downstream demand for pta, with a strong demand for detergents in 2017 and a rising industry.
Pta needs increased, pta capacity utilization increased from a low of 65 per cent in 2017 to 82 per cent at present, production increased from a low of 400,000 tons/week to 700,000 tons/week, and, as the pta climate recovered, the Phongwei, Wabing and Hongjun installation resumed production of about 5.4 million tons in 2017 and the new carnival device is expected to grow 2.2 million tons in 2018.
The rate of increase was about 7.7 per cent, and in 2019 it was about 4 per cent. 1.3.3. Low construction of installations abroad, significant improvements in acetic acid exports, and constant domestic installation repairs. The country ' s export of acetic acid began to grow significantly in the second half of 2017, with demand warming in the overseas market on the one hand and demand warming on the other on the other.
On the other hand, there was an increase in demand for domestic acetic acid due to the failure of offshore installations, the 4 October explosion at the Ishman factory in Tennessee, United States, which resulted in the partial shutdown of the gasification unit, the parking of 200,000 tons of acetic acid downstream, and the malfunctioning of 1.3 million tons/year installations in Serranis and 500,000 tons/year in Liandbaser.
The cumulative export of acetic acid in September 2017 exceeded its exports in 2016 by 460,000 tons throughout 2017. On the domestic front, the installation was continuously overhauled for long periods of operation and due to the ageing of the components. On the other hand, the environmental inspection led to a decrease in some of the start-up work, while the gas supply of the raw materials was tight, leading to the non-construction of some of the head methanol.
1.3.4 Low production capacity, overhauling, tight availability of acetic acid, high corporate performance elasticity 50,000 tons of elongated capacity (April 2018), 350,000 tons of acetic acid capacity (mostly self-used at the end of 2018), estimated 500,000 tons of capacity per year in China Soyo and Quinta in 2018
In addition to the 600,000 tons of acetic acid under construction in Guizhou, production began in 2020. Overall, it is expected that, in 2018, the actual stock set-up will be regularized, with 90% industry start-up expected to be limited, and that force majeure, the ageing of foreign installations, etc., will reduce actual production and the overall supply of acetic acid will be tight in the future.
The company ' s capacity for acetic acid is large, the equipment is in place, it has a full start load of about 550,000 tons per year, and if the price of acetic acid rises by 500 yuan per ton, the company ' s performance will increase by 200 million yuan.2 ethanol drives growth during the harvest period of capital expenditure
The company ' s budget for construction projects in 2016 was $7.2 billion, including industrial upgrading and clean energy use, boiler restructuring (completed production), energy-saving technology adaptation of air sub-devices, 500,000 tonnes/year of ethanol and fertilizer functions.
The company’s cost advantages are further consolidated as the renovation projects land, the fertilizer product structure upgrades, the efficiency of integrated use of resources improves, methanol is fully self-sustaining, the supply of the next 500,000 tons of ethanol is guaranteed, and the company’s cost advantages are further consolidated. The traditional industry upgrading and cleaner production integrated use project, which invested $2.8 billion in construction in 2015, is:
The company's largest construction project, which includes various modules such as space, gasification, purification, methanol synthesis, ammonia synthesis, organized a pre-testing ceremony for the project's air-pressure system in May 2017, and the second half of the year's space-sharing, gasification, etc. went to the test-drive phase.
Tons of ammonia production, when the company's methanol will be fully self-sufficient and marketed, multi-industry co-platform advantages will be realized, while methanol will be partially exported, with an estimated 100,000 tons in 2017. The RMB 389 million in investment in 2014 was completed, with new high-temperature high-pressure coal powders and
In 2016, the company invested $500 million in the construction of air-efficient technology retrofitting units, which were built in December 2017.
Achieved, the efficiency of the space subsystem was increased, energy consumption and production costs were further reduced, the oxygen capacity of the device was secured, and a net annual gain of 100 million yuan was expected to be raised.The functional compound fertilizer project, which had invested $800 million in 2016, was expected to be completed in 17 years, with the former 22mpa synthetic ammonia.
The device was replaced with 15mpa, using a less energy-consuming water solution full-cycle device, with a new 500,000-ton/year urea compound fertilizer capacity and an optimized urea product structure.
2.2. Ethylene ethanol is used mainly in the production of polyester fibres, polyester plastics, anti-freezes, lubricants, plasticizers, explosives and chemical intermediates, of which polyesters are the most used, accounting for about 93%.
Consumption continued to rise, reaching 1,485 million tons in 2017, domestic production of approximately 47.89 million tons of downstream polyesters increased by 12 per cent, compound growth of 7 per cent over the past four years, future growth in downstream demand for scrubbers stabilized, expected increased demand for polyesters Structure of downstream demand for ethanol
By 2010, the country was mainly based on the oil-based ethanol route, which is in short supply of domestic crude oil, which is imported on a yearly basis and is about 60 per cent dependent. The coal-based ethanol route is promoted by national strategy and in the light of the rich energy structure characteristics of our coal resources.
Ethylene diol (tonnes, left) and external dependence (right) Coal ethanol is one of the modern kerosene technology routes, i.e. co- and h2 for ethanol in coal-based synthetic gas.
Indirect methods, including formaldehyde, methanol, and herbate, with moderate, selective and high merit in reaction conditions, are the main processes currently used for industrialized scale production in the industry. The specific production steps of the process are synthetic gas.
The quality of the coal-based ethanol product and the stability of the device are still not 100% guaranteed, and some of the products can only be of bottle-grade quality (up to polyester level).
The coal-based ethanol technology route increased our ethanol production capacity from 3.42 million tons to 8.5 million tons in 2010-2017, from 2.03 million tons to 6.15 million tons, of which coal-based ethanol contributed more than 60 per cent and produced about 2 million tons.
About 90% of the ethanol production is on a coal-based ethanol route, with ethanol production reaching 11.6 million tons according to the Modern Coalization “1350” Development Guide. Assuming demand increases of 6-8%, future ethanol external self-sufficiency will decline to 37%, and 6.7 million tons of ethanol import alternative market space remains.
The company, one of the leading companies in coal-based ethanol production, has achieved the production of a high-quality product of high-yield polyesters through the 50,000-per-year ethanol project, laying the groundwork for the successful completion of the next 500,000-per-year ethanol project. The construction of the 50,000-per-year synthetic tail gas ethanol project began in 2009; and the company completed project research in 2012
Technical problems, high production costs, low production, poor quality, etc., that were commonly encountered in the industry during the period of research, adaptation and operation; the technical adaptation of the company to the project in June 2015 to 150 tons of ethanol per day, product quality excellence rates of more than 95% and polyester levels, indicating that the company has a full mastery of ethanol preparation technology and large industrial production
The company's ethanol technology breakthrough and application history has enabled the company to achieve technology capture mainly from the Ningbo Materials Center and Ningbo Far East catalytic workers.
The installation process and catalyst modification of 50,000 tons of ethanol by JETL is a proprietary precision technology developed autonomously. The ethanol synthesis technology is based on the required h2, co, o2 and n2 and produces polyester ethylene ethylene by interconnection, excluding low-level ethyl acid and esters derived from the synthetic gas ethanol route.
The quality of the ethanol product has been improved, resulting in an ethylene product with an ultraviolet light rate of up to ~95% of the 220nm wavelength, a product of better quality than petroleum route ethanol products, and low investment, energy consumption and market recognition. The current project is the 50,000 tonnes of ethanol technological improvement project and the 500,000 tonnes of ethanol project, the 320,000 tonnes/year ethylene ethylene project in Shandong.
The ethanol project, the 1.2 million tonnes/year ethanol project in Xinjiang, and the 300,000 tonnes/year ethanol project in Shanxi estimated the cost of the product based on the ethanol package parameters disclosed by China and Far East: 1))co and h2 as the main raw material to be produced through corporate gasification units, taking into account the multiple nozzle versus fixed water gasification technology coal consumption ratio.
Count 1: 1.8 tons of coal is used to satisfy the synthesizing gas (co, h2); 2) methanol, methanol/tonne required for the production of single tons of ethanol. Assuming that the price of coal is 700 yuan/tonne of coal, the cost of 50,000 tons of ethanol is now estimated to be total of about 4900 yuan/t. At the same time, we expect that the impact of the size of the company’s 500,000 tons ethanol project will be significant and that the unit cost will be reduced by 700 per unit.
We measure the price of ethanol and the elasticity of the volume of production, when the scale of production of ethanol is 100 million yuan/200 million yuan.
The increase in profitability is derived from: 1) + Cost Competitivity Strategy + Multi-Collaborative Flexible Production - Supported by Intra-Collective Growth, Weak Cycle Properties, Good Māori Rates and Period Cost Rates and High Sustained Profitability of Companies; 2) Prior-period expenditure of 7.2 billion capital Falling to optimize plant process upgrading, material self-sufficiency and product structure, 500,000 tonnes of ethanol 7,
Launched in August, opening the space for company growth, with steady future releases of capacity; 3) industry boom prices, 10 million tons of ethanol will be available in July 2018, with full costs down by 700 ton from the 50,000 tons project, taking into account the scale effect. Assuming 250,000 tons of ethanol production in 2018 and 560,000 tons of methanol outlet,
In 2019, 550,000 tons of ethanol were produced, and 200,000 tons of methanol was exported. 2) The prices of products were stable, the prices of raw materials, coal, etc., were stable, and the company acetic acid, adipic acid, and dmf remained fully productive.
Pe is 11, 10, and 10 times more, respectively. Given the company’s advanced water slurry gasification technology, its cost advantage industry is ahead, its performance is high, and its multi-collateral platform continues to weaken its cyclical properties, coupled with the acetic acid landscape’s increased performance elasticity, 500,000 tons of ethanol opening up growth space and maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
Production of ethanol has fallen short of expectations; product prices have fallen sharply; coal costs have risen significantly