In February, China Electricity (601669) reported that China had issued a major business announcement. In January-February 2023, the company signed a new contract amount of approximately 17.36 billion yuan, an increase of 43.3 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, the country signed a new contract of 15.7 billion yuan, an increase of 48.8 per cent over the same period.
The value of new contracts outside the country was $22.9 billion, an increase of 15.2 per cent over the same period; new contracts for energy power, infrastructure, water resources and the environment accounted for 55.1 per cent, 27.9 per cent and 15.6 per cent of the cumulative value of new contracts, respectively, owing mainly to the high rate of growth in the energy power sector operations, which led to a strong rate of new single contracts; (2)
In terms of operations, in February, 49.4 billion new energy power was awarded as an important increase of 58.9 per cent (in January). In terms of sub-regions, 77.1 billion dollars (in February) were awarded in the same year.
RMB 1400mw, installed capacity, signed a contract for the general contract for a project for the 2000mwp photovoltaic power project, with a contract amounting to approximately RMB 7,176 million. The 2023 special-purpose debt limit was increased by $150 billion over the same period, and is expected to generate capital investment.
The report states that it is proposed to set up a special local government bond of 3.8 trillion yuan for the current year, accelerate the implementation of the 14th Five-Year Major Project, implement the Urban Renewal Initiative, encourage and attract more private capital to participate in the construction of major national projects, stimulate private investment and strengthen urban and rural environmental infrastructure.
It is expected that capital investment will continue to grow at a high rate, with companies serving as energy power poles, orders with clean energy poles, a competitive edge in the whole industry chain, and an “input” advantage. The company has a complete mapping of hydroelectric, electric, wind and solar power projects.
Planning and construction, operation of core technical systems, integration of hydropower capacity (planning, design, engineering, etc.) and performance are among the highest in the world, accelerating the strategic transformation, strategic focus and resource allocation to the three core sectors of energy power, water-related operations, urban construction and infrastructure
Focusing on the number of water-energy sand cities, integrated projects, is a corporate priority, and integrating the number of water-energy cities is a unique advantage of the company's distinction from other buildings.
The development of the integration of the whole and the investment camps has accelerated, and the competitive edge of the market has been further enhanced. Note: the “market index” of this rating system,a with a depth of 300 indexes for the share comparator; and the three-board index for the new three-board frame of reference. Investors are fit only for studies with a risk level not higher than “middle- and low-risk” level, and “stable” investors are fit only to use a risk level not higher than “medium-risk” level.
“Positive” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not regulated by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report and have not used the publication.