Incidents: China Telecom issued a major business announcement. In January-December 2022, the company signed a new contract amounting to approximately RMB 1,009.2 billion, an increase of 29.3 per cent over the same period; of this amount, 816.8 billion yuan was signed in China, compared to 44.9 per cent of the cumulative contract value for infrastructure, water resources and the environment, respectively.
35.3 per cent, or 17.5 per cent. New contract orders are rising at a somewhat slower rate; (2) operationally, new single energy and electricity funds were signed in December to be used for precision engineering contracting projects, strategic development investment operations projects, sea-based projects
The project for the procurement of equipment for wind and construction operations, as well as the replenishment of liquidity and the repayment of bank loans, have helped to further strengthen the company ' s main business, enhance core competitiveness, optimize capital formation, enhance the company ' s continued profitability and inject new dynamism into its development.
Capital investment grew at a very high rate, and electricity and gas investment grew at the best rate. In 2022, capital investment was 21.3 trillion yuan, representing an increase of 11.5 per cent: 2.2 trillion dollars in December; transport storage, water and environment investments were 4.1 trillion yuan, 7.5 trillion yuan and 97,000 yuan, respectively.
One hundred million yuan, representing an increase of 19.3 per cent, 9.1 per cent and 10.3 per cent, respectively, over the same period in the previous year; and 52 trillion yuan, 0.77 trillion yuan, 0.96 sub-items, respectively, were completed in December with the highest rates of increase in electricity and thermal gas investment in the three sub-items.
Clean energy development leads, with the advantage of “input camp” integration. Corporate hydro-power development, integration (planning, design, construction, etc.) capabilities and performance are among the top global priorities, strategic focus and performance.
Resource allocation is further concentrated in three main sectors: energy power, water-related operations, urban construction and infrastructure. Companies have complete surveys of hydroelectric, electric, wind and solar power projects, design and construction, operation of core technological systems, and hydropower collars representing the country’s combined competitive power.
A well-developed system of technological services, technical standards and science, technology and innovation, with international leadership in the construction and mapping of hydropower projects, leading global hydropower, wind and wind power, and increasingly leading the clean and renewable energy sector. "Focus on the number of water-energy sand cities, integration.
Construction is a key corporate development orientation, with the integrated development of water-energy sand cities as a unique advantage for companies to distinguish from other construction ventures, the acceleration of corporate restructuring and integrated development of construction camps, and the further strengthening of the competitive edge of the city.
Research reports, “positive” investors are only suitable to use a study with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors are suitable to use all categories of our Division who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, and are known independently and objectively.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.