china boe(a-share)(000725/ch) 2q18missonsoftlcdpanelprice
Keypoints 2qniwasdown 49% yoytorm 957m, leaving 1h18nito 33% ofourand the weatributetheslow2qtosoftpanelpriceandextestronger2hdriven
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do this, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it.
1h17tracked 48% of2017revenues) .weattributethemisstosoftlcdpanel investmentfundamentals primes, especialintv, whichwasdown 26%/18%/13%in2q18for32"/
Oexrawattaslightlyupto 12.6% (vs.12.0%/10.0%in1q18/2q17).geven thesoftrevenues, 2qnetincomewastown 49% yoytorm 957m, leaving 1h18nito 33%ofour/treet's2018stimates (vs.1h17tracked 57%of
Impact panelpricetrendshavestoppedfallingbutaralikelytostaylow: webelleve lcdpanelpriceshavestoppedfalling, butarelikelytostaylowgivenewcapacity
Openingupmodestenddemand.32"/43"/55" tvpanelpricesardown 24/27 per centytd, whyleboecontinuescapacityexsionontvpanels 1) gen-8.5 infusfulcapacitinmarch 2018withplannedmontly
Capacitationat 150 kmothorgrads, for43"/55"tvs, 2)gen-10.5 inhefeistedmass productioninmarch 2018, andtargetstoreachfullcapacityin 1h19, withplanned 000725chrelcsi300performance, & rec
"Monthlycapacitat 120 kmothegrass, for65" tvs, and 3)gen-10.5 inwenwuhan histry started comprictioninapril2018, andtargetstortmassproditionin202020202020,
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
At 48 kmodherglasseach) and thefastestroll-out (thechengdubstarted massproditioninoctober2017), supporting botogatainmarketshareints homemarket.china.weexpectrichinasmartphonesmarkstonestocelerate
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, macquarieoverageatthetimeotheriasanembargoperiod. (allfiguresinrmmunlesnoted, tpincny)
We macquariecapitallimited 2019-20eeps.nochangetoourpt.
It's not like it's the first time I've ever seen you, but it's the first time I've ever seen you.
I don't know, macquariequantview theQuantviewpagebelowhasbeenderived Frommodelsthatarevevevevelopandmaintainedbysalesandtrading
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not going to tell you anything, but I'm going to tell you something, the financialconsensusus bothtopandbottatlines.
Indicating thisisstockislikelyhaveaweakeRandlestableundering macquarie'squantative earlyningsstream.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about.
{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}Globalrankin (technologyhardware and technologyhardware&equipment)
%ofbuyrecommations numberofpricetargetdowngrades
We're not going to be able to find a way out of this, but we're not going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
(higherisbetter)
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Howitooksonthealphamodel whichfactorscorehashad the GreatestCorelation with the company's amoregranalviewoftheunderlystelestdrivethealpha (higheris)
And the percentilebankrelivetothesectorandmarkets.sources: factset, thomsonreuters, and macquariequant.formoredetailson themacquariealphamodelormorecustomistanalysisand
It's an important part of our work.
Quescality indexing* macquarie-australia/newzealand
All "adjusted" dataemshavehadthefollowing outperform-return > 3% inexcessofbenchmarkreturnpricemovements.
I don't know if I'm gonna be able to do it, but I'm not gonna be able to do it.
I don't know, underperform-return > 3% belowbenchmarkreturn very high-highestrisk–stockshouldbe catastrophereserves, ifrsderivatives and hedging,
I don't know what you're talking about, except tomoveupordown 60-100 per cent of the country's nayyar irsimpairments and ifrsinterestexpense benchmarkreturnisdeterminedbylongtermmnominal
Inventors shouldbeawarethstockishighly excluded: nonrecurringments, apprevals, property gdprowthplus12monthforwardmarketdividend
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
+10% roa=adjustebit/averagetotassets
{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}neutral-expectedreturnfrom-10% to +10% {\cH00FF00}robanks/insurance=adjustednetprofit/average underperform_expectedreturn<-10%
♪ Totalassets mazimacquarie ♪ ♪ ♪ soothafrica ♪ ♪ ♪ oh, yeah ♪ ♪ oh, yeah ♪ ♪ oh, yeah ♪
♪ outperform-expected return ♪ +10% Grossflow=adjustednetprofit+depriation
This post is part of our special coverage Global Voices.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something like this, but I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it.
. underperform-return > 5% belowbenchmarkretrürn macquarie-usa
- It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, but I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it.
3000ndextrürn fundamentalanalystreamations neutral(old) - retrürnwithin5%oflessell3000index
Retrieval indexrern 000725chvscsi300, & rechistory
(allfiguresincurrenceunlessnotted) note: recommendationtimeline-ifnotacontinousline, thethenewasnomacquarie overageatthetimeorthesanembargoperiod. 12-monttargetpricemethodology
00725ch:rmb4.60basedonnapermethodogy company-specificdisclostures: targetpriceriskdisclosures:
00725ch: anyinabilitytocompetatesaccessibilityfulfectsbycompetists.othersaultsservationsmayberealaffectedbyglobal economicconventionsgenerally, includingconventionsinfinalmarkets.the companynyisexposedtomarketets, subchashangesininterestes,
Foreignexchangement sandinputprices. Fromtimetotime, the companywillingenterintotranctions, includingtancesindiveinstrustments, to managecertainoftheseexpositions. analystcertification:
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Including macquariegroup Ltdtotalrevenues, aportionofhicharegenerated bymacquariegroup's investmentbankingactivities.generialdisclamers: macquariecurities (australia)ltd; macquariecapitatal (europe)ltd; macquariecapitamarketsnadaldd; macquariecapitamarketetsnommerica
ltd; Macquariecapital (usa)inc; macquariecapalimated, taiwansecuritiesbranch; macquariecapitalsecurities (singapore)pted; macquarie securities (nz)ltd; mazimacquariececurities (rf) (pty)ltd; macquariecapatalsecurities (india)pvtd; macquariecapitasecutities (malaysia) sdn bdbd; macquariececuriteskorealimitidandmaquaryes (thailand)
I'd like to thank you for your kind words, macquariereresearch boe(a-share)(000725/ch) 00853542(mbl)ormgl.mldoesnotguaranteeorotherwiseprovideassuranceinsepectoftheobligationsofanoftheabovemented
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, and other professionalsmayprovidiororworldmarkermarkercommationortrainingstrategiestooursourcesthatreflecultinionswhocharecontractoryto the opinionexpressedinthisresearch.macquarierereresearchproducesavreofresearchproductsincludification, Butnotlicedto, fundamentalanalysis, macro-economicanalysis, quantiactiveanalysis, and tradedeideas.recommendeidescontainativenedinetyofofreveresearchproducedofifford
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but it's not like I'm talking about it, but I'm talking about it, but I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it's about it.
I'm not sure you're going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, because I'm not going to be able to do it, I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, the macrostrategymaresales & tradepersonsnelwhoprovidedadeskcommentarythisnotaproductof themacquariereresearch departorsubjecttofinrüle 2241 oranyootherregularregardingtheprospectionoffequitireresearch. country-specificdisclamers:
Australia: naustralia, researchissessueddistribudbymacquariececurities (australia) ltd (afslno.238947), aparticipatingorganisationof the australiansciritiesexchange.macquariecurities (australia)limited Staffinvolved withthepepreparationofrefresearchhaveregularinternationalinteraction wiith company companiestheycover.addicationally, macquariegroupliceddochesandstodobusinswithcompaniescoveredbymaquariereresearch.
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
And (ii) participatingorganisionofthetoronto stockexchange, tsxventureexchange&montréalexchange.thisresearchsdridibustiedstates, asirdpartnerresearchbymaquarie capitalmarketsnorthamiercaltd., whichisaregisteredbroker-dealerandmeroffincialindustryregularatortyandthesecritities.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Intendedfordistrition in Statementlytomajorinstitutionalinvestor.Researchanalysts of macquariecapitamarkarketscanadaldald.rerenotgetted/qualfiedresresearchanalysts
Capitarmarketscanadaltdd.istolowallclientathatatreitledtohaveequalaaccesstoourresearch. unincorporateddom: intheunishedkingdom, researchchisissedddistriedbymacquariecapital (europe)ltd, whichisauthorsedandregulaedbyfinalconductautology (no. 193905).germany:ingermany, thisresarossuedand/ordribustedbymacquariecapital (europe)limed, niedlassungdeutschland, whichisišišićed
Authorisedandregulatedbytheukfinciancialconductauthority (No. 193905), andingermanybybafin.france: infrance, researchissussuedand distriedbymacquariecapital (europe)ltd, whichislislissuissuedandreglatedintheunishingdombythefinancialconductauthority (No. 193905).hongkong&mainlandchina: inhongkong, researchissussuedtedbymacquariecapitalimited, whichislislicensedand
I don't know, regularized by the securitiesandfutures committee. inmainlandchina, macquariecurities (australia)limed shanghairepresentativeofficeonly engagesinnon-businissoperativeactivities exclusingistuisentidies provisionaleresearch.onlyn-asharerereresearchchisistributedintainintainlandchina by mamaquariecapitallimited.japan: injapan, researchissuassuidandtedbymacariedmacquariecapacitacitates (japan)
Tokyostockexhange, inc. andosakaexchange, inc. (financialinstrumentsfirm, Kantofinancialbureau (kin-sho) no. 231, amberofjapan securitiesdealersassociation.india: india, researchchissussuedanddristritedbycquariecapacitations (india)pvt.ltd. (cin: u65920mh 1995ptc090696), 92, vel9, 2northaway, makermaxity, Bandrakurlacomplex, Bandra (east), mumbai-400051, india, whisisa
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
iresttotheteport.researchcase(s)inthhiaregisterascllerksonlyassististinthepparationofresearchandareototagedin writingotheresesearch.macquariemaybeinpastoneyorionorionofrucesserofrucructuredwarrantsonsecuritiesmentationinthelsreport.thailand: inthailand, researchechisproduced, issuedanddisteribuedbymacquarieniecurities (thailand)ltd.macquarienesecurities (thailand)ltd.isalicenesed
I don't know if you're the only one who's ever seen me, but I don't know if you're the only one who's got me, but I don't know if you're the one who's the one who's the one who's got me.
iod.com/en/publications.asp?type=4.southkorea: insouthkorea, unlessothwisted, researched, issedanddistrited bymacquarie securitieskorealmited, ichisregradedbythefinal supervisorsservices.informationsnothersinsklisdisclosed 00000.southafrica: insouthafrica, researchissuedanddriedbymazimacarièries (rf) (pty) ld, amberofjselimited.
(singapole: insingapore, researchissuissedanddistributed by macquariecapitalsecurities (singapore) pteltd (decisionregistration) (198702912c), acapitamarketsserviceselicenseholderunderthesecuritiesandfuturesacttodealinsecuriesandprovidecustomediaservicesin singapole.pursuanttothefinancialadvisers (amendment)regulations2005, maquariecapacitacitacitates (singapore)
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
i. , accepts responsibilityforthecontainmentresearchportreparedbyoneofetsnon-usaffiliateswenthersreothersreportisistiedtheuniveinsbymaquariecapitatal (usa) inc. , accepts responsiabilityfortheconfearchresearchprovedbyoneofisonsnon-usaffiliateswhenotheresresearchedinstedintheunitedstates bymaquariecapital (usa) inc.macquariecapital (usa) inc.inc.'saffiliate'sanlysarrenotregitedasresresearchtechanalystswithfitra, maynotbe
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if I'm the only one who's going to do it, but I'm not going to do it.
Revertiveat1-888-mac-stock, orwritetothe supervisorialys, research development, macquaries, 125w.55thtreet, newsyork, macquariegroup equities
I'm not going to be able to do that, asiaresearch headofequiresearch emergingleaders.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
♪ Banksandfinancials scottrusell (asia) telecoms ♪
Quesukemoriyama (japan) Chanhwang (korea)
Internet, mediaandsofware sureshganapathy (india) Jaydenvantarakis (indonesia)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
It's a good thing you don't want to be a part of it.
"Terencechang (china, Hongkong) macquarie: sunnychow (china, Hongkong)
thomson: reauters: stellali (china, taiwan)
BLOOMberg: Macgo leonrapp (japan)
kwangcho (korea) capitallq amitsinha (india)

Quisamagpayo (philippines)chalineecongmuang (thailand) asiasales
♪ regionalheadsofsales regionalheadsofsalescont'd Salestradingcont'd ♪
Salestrading