On October 21st, 2019, the number of unique agents grew with a certain degree of certainty, followed by an abundance of pipes.
On 21 October, the company announced that it had achieved business income of 76.66 hpv and a five-priced steady spread to support the growth of its performance during the reporting period.
With 2,627 million revenues in the first quarter of 2019q3, an increase of 84.64 per cent over the same period, income growth was mainly due to the Hpv vaccine and the oral five-priced rounder vaccine, which, as of 13 October 2019, was produced by the agents of the company in liquid market value (million yuan):
The Hpv 4 vaccine was issued for 3,961.81 million, the Hpv 9 vaccine was issued for 1,657.54 million, and the company ' s autonomous product 3G was issued for 3.2806 million, the tuberculosis product is in the final stages of approval, and the SMRP team is rich.
The company ' s priority product, Cow branch bacterium (for tuberculosis infected populations) and recombinant nodule bacterium integration protein (ec), have now completed the first round of supplementary information pending a follow-up notification from cde. In addition, the company has frozen ac-hib to carry out its three clinical trials on immunization sustainability and immunization enhancement, respectively (three-May base years).
Strengthened; 6~November age base + enhanced) with future frozen dryer models expected to be marketed; company 15-priced lung cogeneration vaccine currently entering clinical phase 1 as a 13-price combination vaccine upgrade; acyw135 meningitis combination vaccine at phase 2; human rabies vaccine (mrc-5 cells) entering
Three issues; four-priced influenza vaccine entered three; a 100-per-cent vaccine was approved for clinical treatment; and a follow-up vaccine weighed heavily.
There are pressures to increase short-term borrowings as accounts receivable have improved. Corporate accounts receivable in the first three quarters of 2019 amounted to $2.834 billion, representing an increase of 17.72 per cent over 2019h1, operating income increased by 52.14 per cent over 2019h1, and receivables/business income declined in the public domain.
There's uncertainty in vaccine research and development, there's uncertainty in the hpv vaccine follow-up to the national competitive listing, the black swan in the vaccine industry.
This report is presented independently and objectively, with due diligence and professionalism, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association. My commitment to the report is based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the professional integrity and professional competence of the author.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.