Flying Organisms (300122.sz)
On the evening of 8 October, in the first three quarters of 2019, the Chi Fei Bis bulletin forecasted the company's net profit for the period of $1.651 billion ~ $1,868 million, an increase of 52 per cent ~ 72 per cent over the same period.
The average monthly issuance of 950,000 doses, 4/9-priced Hpv vaccine, 5-priced rotavirus vaccine, 23-priced multi-sugar vaccine.
Material: The reported performance was largely in line with expectations, stock and new batches of vaccines were largely downped during the first half of the year, and the issuance of vaccines was slowed down in the single quarter.
In the first three quarters of the year, the total amount of new vaccines issued by the company, calculated in terms of value, has passed 7 billion yuan, and the value of the proxy vaccine varieties has exceeded that of last year.
755 thousand doses of vaccines, 284,000 doses of Hib combined, with a total value of almost $1 billion for home-grown vaccines. 397 million doses of Hpv vaccines, 8.76 million doses of Hpv vaccines, 9 doses of both, exceeding last year’s, and 3.075,000 doses of Rotavirus vaccines, a significant increase of 288.2% compared to last year, and 23 prices of pneumonia.
Sugar vaccines are issued with 8.31 million doses; agent vaccines are issued with a total value of $6.14 billion, which is higher than the proxy vaccines issued in the course of last year (approximately $5.3 billion). Combined with year-end stock balances of $1,784 million, they can support at least $9 billion in the course of the year in scale of sales, laying the basis for growth in year-round performance.
The current self-research products awaiting final approval are ec-diagnostic reagents and preventive microcards, the large number of bacterium strains in the country, and it is difficult to distinguish between real infections and BCG vaccinations.
Sexual and transvestite screening, which is more likely to be positive than to guarantee the reliability of large-scale screening, the company is working on a diagnostic reagent for ec, which can be used to resolve the detection of false analgesics, as well as microcard prevention, which can be used for high-risk people, can effectively reduce the incidence of tuberculosis, which is the first tuberculosis infection to have completed the ii clinical trial in the country and abroad.
The company has developed a complete product line for tuberculosis screening and prevention, and microcards for prevention are expected to be approved in the course of the year and gradually reach harvest. In addition, the ac-hib vaccine pollinator type is under clinical trial and is expected to be approved in the second half of next year.
With a small revision of the 2019-2021 profit forecast, the net profit growth of the company over the next three years has been high, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Xu Jialine, the author of the Institute's sales team, has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.