The M.B.P. (300122) is performing as expected, and high year-round growth is expected to continue with the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
(b) Realization of the net return profit of 1.76 billion yuan, an increase of 62.2 per cent, and net profit of 1.8 billion yuan, a decrease of 64.2 per cent.
• Performance meets expectations and core varieties continue to be released rapidly. On a quarterly basis, 2019q3 companies achieved operating income of $2.63 billion, an increase of 84.6 per cent over the previous three quarters, and net return to mothers of $620 million, an increase of 52.4 per cent over the same period.
We expect to sell around 4 million products throughout the year. In addition, the company ' s triple-golder dry agent model has been declared, and we believe that its long-term impact is not significant; 2) hpv vaccine: we expect a cumulative sale of about 5.5-6 million at four and nine prices in the first three quarters, and we expect a cumulative sale of over 8 million items throughout the year.
Issuance of 3.97 million monthly issuances; 3) 9-priced hpv: 1.88 million in January-September 2019; 4) Research and development pipelines continue to be rich and long-term trends are clear. Companies are at the forefront of vaccines for domestic R & D capacity and marketing capacity, and are now experiencing domestic growth in proxy products and the impending entry of heavy weight self-research products.
In the context of the current largely defined trend towards increased concentration in the vaccine industry, we are firmly convinced that companies will continue to do their best to become leaders and top beneficiaries of the rise of the vaccine industry in the country. In terms of R & D pipelines: 23 valents of pneumonia and sugar.
Vaccines are about to be produced: rabies vaccine (mrc5) III clinical stage; four-priced influenza vaccine III clinical sequence: 15-price combination of pneumonia with vaccine I; two-stage combination of vaccine for sone dysentery Fo; four-priced brain combination vaccine II clinical process; and four-price re-programming of nose like virus vaccine clinical preparation.
In addition to the company ' s strategic deployment of biopharmaceuticals and cell therapy, we consider the company ' s long-term high growth potential, the risks: sales of heavy-pound products or lower-than-expected risks: the risk of Mersardon agency or cancellation.
• Southwest Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment consulting business approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.