The Hpv series is expected to grow significantly, with steady progress in the line of research, and the autonomous product line is expected to be gradually enriched.
On 21 October, the company issued a three-monthly report on operating income, net profit return and non-net profit deductions for the period 2019 at $7,766 million, $1,763 million and $1,798 million, respectively: an increase of 119.4 per cent, 62.3 per cent and 64.1 per cent in the same year; net cash flows from operating activities at $563 million (+147.0 per cent) were in line with previous performance forecasts.
The Hpv vaccine series is expected to increase significantly.q3 billion yuan (+84.6 per cent) in revenue for the first quarter, with a certain incremental contribution from the mother-priced rotavirus vaccine.
According to the data, 4-priced Hpv vaccines issued 3,968,000 (+4.2 per cent for the same year), 9-priced Hpv vaccines issued 18,87 million (+515 per cent for the same year) compared to the 300-deep movement of the Unit, 4.281 million (compared to 11 per cent for the same year) and 5-value rotasis issued for the triple seedlings
The Hpv vaccines are still in short supply, and the major cities currently have a nine-priced Hpv vaccine appointment of more than six months and a four-priced Hpv appointment of more than three months. The company’s agent’s Hpv vaccine series is expected to contribute to continued high growth in company performance.
As of now, the company's ec diagnostic reagents have begun on-site, and a microcard for prevention is about to be produced, which is expected to be marketed by the end of this year or next year. According to the review process revealed on the DEA website, Pneumonia 23 is now on-site.
Clinical recruitment has been completed for the iii phase, the four-priced influenza vaccine is currently undergoing clinical recruitment for the ii phase, the freezing of antiquated (mrc-5 cell) clinical iii, the 15-priced pneumococcal combination vaccine for the i phase, the intestinal virus-71 elimination vaccine, and the four-price recombinant non-viral vaccine for the Brethrome.
The company agent's Hpv vaccine series is expected to drive the company's performance to continue to grow at a high rate.
hpv sells less than expected, R & D progress less than expected, and R & D vaccine is approved less than expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.