Smart Flying Biologicals (300122): Performance meets expectations, proxy species are recommended for continuous release (maintenance) 22 October 2019
The company achieved operating income of 7666 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 119.35 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 616 million yuan, an increase of 52.39 per cent in the same year.
Corporate fundamentals (latest) 10,000, equal to the same figure, with an estimated revenue of about 3.5 million confirmed; an estimated $1.88 million for nine-price hpv issued and an estimated income of about 1.5 million confirmed; and a five-priced rounder vaccine issued
2.99 million copies, with an estimated recognized income of around 2.5 million: during the reporting period, the rapid release of the Hpv vaccine (the most recent year) was the driving force behind the growth in performance.
In a state of undue supply and demand, it is expected that, as consumption channels sink, the proxy varieties will continue to be released, contributing to high performance growth. During the reporting period, the company’s own batch of SDS was submitted for production and is expected to be approved next year.
Business efficiency has increased steadily. Over the reporting period, the Māori sales rate for companies was 41.94 per cent, a decline of 14.93 pp compared to the previous period, mainly due to an increase in the price of Hpv, which is a low Māori rate; the cost of company sales was 9.24 per cent, a decrease of 4.27 pp compared to the same period; and the administrative cost rate was reduced by 4.27 pp.
This represents a significant increase from $3.79 million in the same period the previous year, mainly due to the fact that corporate sales returns have increased below expectations, safety risks in the vaccine industry, etc. Qualifications. This report is produced by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers of Chinese securities.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.