Business is growing steadily, and impairments affect profits — Shanghai Medicine's 3-quarterly performance rating in 2025. 31 October 2025
Incidents: On 31 October 2025, Shanghai Medicines issued a three-quarter performance report for 2025 and Xiaozon billion yuan in 2025; the decline in net profits in the q3 quarter was mainly due to an increase in the value of assets to be considered for impairment.
Medicines business has grown steadily, a traditional business of an individual's empowerment. In the first three quarters of 2025, companies generated 40.7 billion yuan in business income from pharmaceuticals, an increase of 25 per cent in the same year; cso and the total importing generation earned 27.6 billion yuan, an increase of 14 per cent in the same year; large appliances and health revenues, $33.988 billion, an increase of 4 per cent in the same year; and emerging businesses have continued to grow in business.
In addition, the company continues to promote a new retail strategy focused on “Houseside Pharmacy +dtp Specialized Pharmacy” to achieve digital closed loop management of the entire process, from drug supply to pharmaceutical services, and to provide patients with a one-stop approach to drug use guidance, drug monitoring, health management, etc.
Research and development (R & D) investment continues to increase, and innovation pipelines are progressing in an orderly manner. In the first three quarters of 2025, corporate R & D investment increased, and a total of 57 new pharmaceutical lines, including 45 innovative ones, were accepted and entered into the clinical trial phase.
300 at a relative depth, applications have been submitted for adaptation to strong straight spinal disease; i-date for treatment of acute lymphocyte leukemia and adult lymphoma in the lymphoma in the car-t-b19 in the light of the Chinese 1.1 new drug.
A clinical trial application for difficult-to-resistance system red-coupled lupus was approved. Investment proposal: Shanghai medicine as an integrated, large pharmaceutical company with business as a whole, business block business in synergy, competitive advantage, innovative development strategy leading to business transformation.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been in the past.
Xiaoxong, University of Gangan, Bachelor of Clinical Medicine, University of Sydney, Master of Financial Sciences, and joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2023, mainly for innovative medicine research. This report is provided to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.