The product cycle is up, and growth is expected to stabilize over the next two years, with 720,000 cars, yoy + 10%, Mom + 9% sold in December. 6.49 million vehicles sold throughout the year, with intensive rollout of multi-suv. The share of the country’s suv is now rising, and the group’s new suv is running.
In addition, the company’s collaboration with Audi will enhance the corporate brand image, and we calculate the contribution of the new joint venture to net profits or nearly 10%. The low value of the company’s high dividends is a matter of concern.
The industry is expected to remain on a steady upward trend: benefiting from the policy of halving the tax on small-volume vehicle purchases, which is levied at 7.5% per year, we believe it will still contribute to the industry. With one car, compared to 800 in the United States, the average number of medium-developed countries in the world is 400, and China is currently on the third line.
Car holdings in the following cities remain low, and in the long run the industry is expected to continue to grow steadily upwards and up-to-date with a steady increase in annual sales of yoy + 10%: 720,000 vehicles, yoy + 10%, Mom + 9% for the upper gas group in December. 6.49 million vehicles, yoy + 10% for the year.
Annual sales of yoy + 10 per cent, upper gas usage + 8 per cent; general Mitsubishi sales of 2.13 million, yoy + 4 per cent; institutional investors as a share of circulation a 320,000, yoy + 89 per cent; rx sold in May at around 20,000, making it the biggest bright spot.
The company collected 53.16 billion yuan, or yoy + 11.7%, in the first three quarters of the year; the net profit was $23.1 billion, or yoy + 8.6%, with robust performance. The product cycle went up, and the suv was intensely rolled out: the joint venture under the flag of the upper steam company went up to the public and up to the upper steam.
In 2017, the upper-air gas industry will be able to produce medium-sized suvteramounts and scodakodiaq; the upper-air fleet will be replaced by the upper-air fleet, which will increase the number of products such as the medium-sized suv snow flank equinox; and the upper-air vehicle fleet will be improved and increased.
Subsuv is the main driver of domestic motor vehicle growth in recent years, and the company’s overall product cycle, coupled with market trends in passenger cars, is expected to yield better returns. Cooperation with Audi raises the brand image, which may contribute about 10% profit growth: the upper-middle public and the upper-middle-mort.
We believe that this will boost the brand image of the company, which we expect to make a huge contribution in 2018, when products start to be introduced, and in 2019. One gas-public revenue after the 2015 tax is 4,705 million euros, of which Audi contributes about 50%.
Yoon, about $18 billion. Audi is now producing five cars in China, and if the joint venture brings out two annual net profits of $29.8 billion, the joint venture will increase the net profits of the upper gas group by about 10%.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: