Shanghai Medicine (601607).
The company achieved a 25.41 per cent, 4.49 per cent and a robust overall increase in the net profit of the parent, respectively. The higher increase in the net profit of the parent was due mainly to the acquisition of shares in Tianpu in Guangdong, where the company acquired 26.34 per cent of the equity with $144 million, resulting in a larger non-recurrent gain or loss of the original value added of 40.80 per cent of the equity held, while the lower deduction of the net profit of the non-repatriate parent was due to a significant increase in the investment in research and development of the company.
In the first three quarters, the cumulative R & D investment cost of the company was 756 million yuan, an increase of 50.31 per cent over the previous three quarters, of which q3 q3 q277 million was invested, assuming an increase of 28 per cent in spending on the cost of the company's research and development and a continuation of the growth, the net profit on the company's non-retroactivity was between 7 and 8 per cent, which corresponds to our previous operating profit rate after the cost of 10.30 per cent, of which 60 priority varieties - 7,569 million yuan in sales in September.
On the whole, the income side of the industry has continued to grow at a high rate, and the significant increase in the cost of development has led to a lower profit end than the income end. The business side: in terms of income, the distribution of medicines has generated $103.058 billion, an increase of 16.94 per cent, and the Māori rate of 6.67 per cent, with two deductions.
On the whole, the company’s revenue end q3 rebounded significantly (with an increase of 16.94% in vsh1 of q1-q3) for two reasons: 1) the short-term windfall effect of the two-count system that had previously been anticipated ended and the netting business started to grow faster; and (2) the import agent business grew faster.
Participation in enterprises: Participation in enterprises contributed a profit of $464 million, an increase of 27.24 per cent over the same period, and the increase in participation in profits was mainly due to the volume of new items. +0.25 pp, +0.30 pp, of which the increase in sales costs was mainly due to a significant increase in the share of pure sales in the company’s business section, while the increase in management costs was mainly due to a significant increase in the cost of research and development.
Net operating cycle: The net operating cycle was raised from 58.43 days in the same period last year to 78.69 days, and we believe that there are factors at the hospital end that slow the return due to the increase in camp implementation, but more importantly, it is due to an increase in the share of corporate net sales.
Since the company's new management came to power, there has been an increase in R & D investment, with 50.31% in the first three quarters of the year. We believe that the company industry, which is now dominated by generic drugs and less competitive patterns, will optimize competition patterns and rely on a strong marketing network of companies to make a positive contribution to elasticity.
In addition, during the reporting period, the company signed a memorandum of cooperation with the Russian company Biocad, the first product of which is to include four heavy-pound organisms.
Proximities and two bioinnovatives to achieve strategic planning in the corporate priority area of biopharmaceuticals against oncology.
Most provinces implemented a double vote before the end of 2017, and given the generally three-to-six-month buffer period after the two-counting system was implemented, we judged that the impact of the two-counting system on the transfer operations was largely over at the latest, followed by a rapid increase in industry concentration. During the reporting period, the company completed the acquisition of provincial platforms in the north-east, south-west and Guizhou, and currently completed the construction of a total of 24 provincial platforms, with subsequent commercial panels expected to be industry-led.
At the same time, the company, as the country’s largest import agent, will benefit from the policy dividend of accelerating the approval of innovative medicines. Of the new drugs approved for listing in January-September, 16 were imported by the national commercial distributors, 12 of which were received by the General Director of Shanghai Medicines.
Among the two major new pd-1 drugs listed in the country, the National General Generation Qualifications Pack, which at the end of the reporting period received $190 million in corporate distribution of Oedivo sales and $150 million in distribution of Corida sales; the Corporation also entered into a strategic partnership with Gilid (Shanghai) Medical Science and Technology Ltd., which will provide comprehensive services for the import, distribution and access of Gilid Anti-AIDS Star Genvoya to China.
4 Retail plates: The country’s largest dtp pharmacy now owns 95 dtp pharmacies together with Candler, and has a leading role in the country. In the future, the company’s dtp pharmacy will gradually grow in size and contribute to elasticity as the imported heavy-pound drugs are marketed in the country, and medical reform will deepen.
The consolidation of the circulation industry as a result of the ticketing system is expected to accelerate growth as the evaluation of corporate industry progresses, adding to the expected expansiveness of the new chairman of the company and maintaining a “highly recommended” rating. The integration of the circulation sector is not as expected: the growth of the industrial sector is not as high as expected.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the South's wealth, the source of the Yang Yang
One, the seventh core member of the new wealth team in 2015, and the third core member of the crystal ball in 2015.
Mu Xin I analyzes his own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies