Industry is growing fast, business plates are warming back to the bottom, and Shanghai Medicines (601607.sh) - Shanghai Medicines (601607) tri-quarterly follow-up.
In the third quarter of 2018, the company earned $41,723 million.
(i) Sustained improvement in revenue growth, with significant increases in R&D costs affecting profits, benefiting from industrial, commercial and double lifts, and sustained improvement in corporate income growth. The Shanghai pharmaceutical industry is the leader of an integrated medical industry.
The Chinese pharmaceutical distribution business achieved sales revenue of $103,058 million, an increase of 16.94 per cent over the same period; the pharmaceutical retailing business achieved sales revenue of $5,096 million, an increase of 24.05 per cent over the same period. The pharmaceutical industry, though relatively small, is growing faster and is expected to account for a larger share of company revenue in the future.
The profits of participating companies have increased significantly, but the investment in R & D has affected the profits. The net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies have been 3,372 million yuan, an increase of 25.41 per cent over the previous year, of which 1,277 million dollars in profits have been contributed by the pharmaceutical industry, an increase of 15.63 per cent over the previous year; and 15.63 per cent in the pharmaceutical business.
Billion dollars, an increase of 27.24 per cent in the same year, radically changed the previous pattern of profit-delays (9.74 per cent decline in profits from year-on-year contributions by equity firms in the first half of the year). The non-recurring gains from corporate non-repatriation net profits from year-on-year increases and the impact of significant increases in R & D costs were the result of the company’s first three quarters of research.
The cost was 756 million yuan, an increase of 50.31 per cent. The company ' s Māori rate continued to increase steadily, with a combined Māori rate of 13.81 per cent, an increase of 1.62 percentage points over the same period the previous year.
The growth in industrial incomes continued to accelerate, with the growth of priority products remaining rapid. The company's pharmaceutical industry generated $14,254 million in sales, an increase of 27.80 per cent over the same period the previous year; of these, 60 priority varieties, $7,569 million in sales in January-September, an increase of 28.91 per cent. The increase in industrial revenues was largely due to the company's continued focus strategy on priority products, which strengthened the “one product” approach.
One, focused products, kept growing fast. The Māori ratio in the company ' s pharmaceutical industry was 57.64% during the reporting period, an increase of 5.22 percentage points over the same period in the previous year, but the growth in profits in the company ' s industrial portfolio was slower than in the first half of the year (21.65%). The ratio of high Māori industries gradually increased, driving the company ' s Māori rate.
In the first three quarters, R&D costs were 756 million yuan, an increase of 50.31 per cent. In the case of innovative medicines, companies received a total of six clinical batches and a clinical declaration for one drug was officially accepted.
The company actively promotes innovative development and internationalization strategies, with new product R & D and industrialization platforms distributed around the world. During the reporting period, the company signed a memorandum of cooperation with the Russian company Biocad, a company focused on biomedical research and development, production and marketing, whose products focus on the field of treatment against neoplasms and self-immunological diseases.
Fourteen countries worldwide have been marketed, and many of the research products are at the clinical stage. The first phase of their collaboration is to include four heavy pounds of bio-like drugs and two bio-innovatives, which will work in depth in the areas of molecular drug development, localized production, and import registration and sale, in order to achieve strategic planning in the area of company-focused biopharmaceuticals against oncology.
In industrial investment mergers and acquisitions, companies actively take advantage of industry opportunities to make strategic investment layouts and enhance core industrial competition. During the reporting period, companies completed a deal to acquire 26.34% of Guangdong Tianpu shares, and after the completion of the deal, companies now hold absolute shares in Guangdong Tianyu, and their core products Tian Ploan and Kelekang, respectively.
The expansion of the company ' s natural urinary protein drugs and the breakdown of critical conditions has enriched the company ' s sales of billions of product lines, with the two major core products, which achieved 14.4 per cent and 34 per cent increases in hospital end-sales in January-September, respectively, with a positive growth trend. (iii) Business plates are warming back and actively promoting expansion.
The negative impact of the policy is gradually fading and the business sector is warming. The company is the top three pharmaceutical business leaders in the country, with a significant share in the distribution business. The company’s pharmaceutical distribution business achieved sales revenue of $10,3058 million, an increase of 16.94 per cent, the Māori rate of 6.67 per cent, an increase of 0.58 percentage points, and the retail pharmaceutical business generated sales revenue of $5,096 million, an increase of the same proportion.
The growth in distribution increased further in the third quarter compared to the first half of the year. We believe that the continued acceleration of distribution growth and the increase in the Māori rate have largely benefited from a gradual decline in the negative impact of policy. As a result, most provinces implemented a “two-vote” against medicine by the end of 17 years, starting in the second quarter of the 18th year.
During the reporting period, companies responded to the trend of double-counting by increasing net distribution network coverage, raising the net sales ratio to 70%. Continuing to improve the national network, leading the way.
Benefiting from the opportunities for industrial integration offered by the “two-vote system” to lead the upgrading of industry integration and improve the country's network layout. During the reporting period, companies continued to improve the national business network, the strategic layout of the greater south-west followed by the creation of drug-controlled companies, the Générale Limited and the Upper Drug Control and Compliance Company, to further consolidate and expand their operations at the grass-roots level and create differentiated competition.
During the reporting period, the company completed the acquisition and purchase of Kondler’s Chinese business. Condler was fully integrated with the company in logistics, finance, manpower, information, budget, and operations, and fully renewed with clients whose contracts expired for the general generation, achieving a net profit of $131 million in February-September, an increase of 7% over the same period, with net interest rates raised.
We're looking at the growth prospects of corporate industry and business warming expectations. First, we're looking at the potential for rapid growth in the company's pharmaceutical industry.
Good corporate innovation in research and development (R & D). The company is now pushing ahead with innovative drug research and development, and the evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency is progressing well; the division is also actively promoting international research and development cooperation and platform building. Finally, we look forward to a return to business profitability as the country’s top three pharmaceutical providers, after the negative effects of the two-vote system have been phased out.
The leader will continue to actively integrate the market. We look forward to the growth prospects of the company, which are projected to be a net return profit for the period 2018-2020.