Industrial plates have continued to add up their R & D inputs, business plates have improved the performance of the drug Candler, and the net return to mothers has increased significantly over the first half of the year, mainly as a result of the increase in investment returns.
In the first three quarters of 2018, the company achieved business income of $117,602 million, an increase of 18.75 per cent in the same year; net profit on maternity was 3,372 million, an increase of 25.41 per cent in the same year, a clear increase from the first half of the year, a rise of 129 per cent in the same year; net profit on non-repatriation of mothers was 2,567 million, an increase in the same year
4.49% below the net profit growth rate of the parent, mainly as a result of the uneconomical gains resulting from the Guangdong Tianxi equity acquisition, and a significant increase in R & D costs over the previous three quarters of 2018. The pharmaceutical industry maintained a faster pace of growth and continued to increase R & D investment.
The company achieved revenue of $14,254 million in pharmaceutical industry operations in the first three quarters of 2018, 27.8 per cent higher than in the previous quarter, 57.64 per cent Māori, 5.22 percentage points higher in the same quarter, continued rapid growth in industrial portfolio income and continued growth in Māori rates, mainly as a result of the company's continued focus on implementation
The product focus strategy, with 60 priority varieties generating revenues of $7,569 million, an increase of 28.91 per cent over the previous period. Companies have adopted a model combination of R & D strategies, investment in R & D costs in the first three quarters of 2018, the company has signed a memorandum of cooperation with the Russian company Biocad, the first of which is a collaborative product.
It is proposed to include four heavy-pound bio-like drugs and two bio-innovatives to achieve strategic planning in the area of corporate focus on swollen resistance to tumor biopharmaceuticals. In generics, companies continue to promote the alignment of generics with stock levels of 300 in the last six months.
Sexual evaluation. Consistency evaluation has been completed for fluorine capsules, Katopli film, 12 varieties of hydrochloric acid dicholysis, etc. have been tested and declared to the National Drug Monitoring Service (NDA), 48 of which are in the clinical research phase.
With regard to industrial investment mergers and acquisitions, the company further acquired 26 per cent of Guangdong Tianpo, which was completed in August 2018. The share ratio rose from 40.80 per cent to approximately 67.14 per cent, and became a shareholder in Guangdong Tianpo, filling the company's product in the field of natural urinary protein drugs and severe stress treatment.
Blank, rich companies have sold hundreds of millions of lines of product. The two core products of Guangdong Tianpp, Tian Ploan and Kelekon, respectively, grew by 14.4% and 34%, respectively, in the third quarter of 2018.
In our view, the corporate industrial sector, through policies such as focused product strategies, enhanced marketing and so on, has seen a significant increase in 60 priority varieties over the same period of the previous year, adding factors such as extra-extension M & As to drive the overall income of the industry to increase faster while increasing the M & A rate.
Ping: On the other hand, companies continue to increase their R & D investment, leading the way in the assessment of consistency, and in the long run a rich stock of research varieties is expected to drive the continued development of the industrial plate.
The company achieved sales revenue of $103.058 billion in pharmaceutical distribution in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 16.94%, Māori 6.67%, an increase of 0.58 percentage points in the same period, and increased net sales coverage to 70% in line with the two-counting trend.
The company was fully integrated with the company, which achieved a net profit of $131 million at the end of February-September 2018, an increase of 7 per cent in the same year, a rise in the net interest rate to 0.8 per cent and a significant improvement in its business performance compared to the first half of the year.
National Director General of Imported Medicines, signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Mossatung China on the pd-1 heavy-pound new drug, Keytruda, which included the two major new pd-1 drugs currently on the market in China as a national average of the total in-kind qualifications of Oedivo, Creda, by the end of September 2018
In addition, the company, in strategic cooperation with Gilid (Shanghai), will provide comprehensive services for the import, distribution, and access of Gilid's AIDS Star genvoya to China.
The company, as the country's top three national drug distribution champions, is expected to maintain a robust growth through the acquisition of pharmaceutical drugs, the further consolidation of the company's competitive advantage in importing pharmaceutical agents, the convergence with industrial plates, the development, high end-covering capacity, and a high sales ratio.
Anticipated risks of industrial policies such as double-counting; less than expected risks of mergers and acquisitions; risks of declining Māori rates due to factors such as mergers and acquisitions, intense competition in regional markets; and risk of less than expected price ratings for generic pharmaceuticals
In the context of a “two-vote” system, it is expected that the competitive advantage of size and the layout of the national distribution network will increase the share of pure sales in the current industry and take up a greater share of the market. Moreover, there is a clear synergy between firms and businesses, and the industrial sector adheres to the area of treatment and treatment.
Over the next six months, maintain the view of the `carefully increasing' evaluators. Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, associated with the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.