The pace of profit growth in business q3 has slowed industrial activity well: the company published the tri-quarters of 2018, with a revenue of $117,602 in the first three quarters.
Lulitien grew by 18.75 per cent; the net return to the mother was 3,372 million yuan, a rapid increase of 25.41 per cent in the same year; and the net profit was 2,567 million yuan, an increase of 4.49 per cent in the same year, which was in line with expectations.
The firm’s net profit growth is slower than the net return gain, mainly due to the non-recurring gains and losses resulting from the Guangdong Tianxi equity acquisition. In the first three quarters of 2018, the industrial plate was driven by a combination and a sales income.
The rate of growth in the same year was between 27.8% and $14,254 million; the Māori rate was 57.64%, with an operating profit rate of 10.30% after deducting the three costs. The industrial plate contributed $1.277 billion to the company, which increased the same time, and the growth rate of the commercial block q3 slowed down, with a good overall performance in the previous three quarters.
In the first three quarters of the year, revenues of $103,348 million were realized, a 17.6 per cent increase over the previous quarter, contributing profits of $1,318 million, a 9.73 per cent increase over the previous quarter, a slowdown in the growth rate of 2018h1, indicating a decline in profits of commercial block q3. Of this, sales revenue of $1030.58 was realized in the first three quarters of the company ' s pharmaceutical distribution business.
The Division has increased net sales coverage to 70%. Condolence has fully integrated with companies in the areas of logistics, finance, manpower, information, budget and operations, and has fully renewed its contracts with clients whose main-generation contracts expire, achieving a net profit of $131 million in February-September, an increase of 7% over the same period, with a net interest rate.
The consistency assessment is steadily moving forward, and the anti-cancer field is moving further. The company is actively promoting the copying of the consistency evaluation, the fluorine capsule and the Katopli film take the lead in completing the consistency evaluation:
In addition, the company has signed a memorandum of cooperation with the Russian company Biocad, the first phase of which is to include four heavy-pound bio-like drugs and two bio-innovative drugs, which will be in mass.
In-depth collaboration in the areas of drug research and development, localized production, and import registration and marketing, the current company focuses on strategic planning in the field of anti-cancer biopharmacology.
Consistency evaluation has progressed steadily, research and development transformation has continued, profits have increased in the first three quarters of participating enterprises have had a negative impact on expectations, financing costs have risen, consistency evaluation and new drug development have fallen short of the 300-percent depth index used as a reference point for the “market index” of this rating system.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.