Short-term pressure on performance, and the \triangleright epidemic, which is beginning to remunerate into profit short-term pressure. 22 years, h1, the epidemic has intensified and the trend of globalisation has been reversed.
The \triangleright company has grown in focus on the management of the interior by seeking to better meet the needs of its users.
External operations are building up performance growth agents, with the innovation portfolio growing by 25.62 per cent in the first half of the year, the main overseas operating income is increasing at a rate of 18.89 per cent, toc operations such as fluorescent stones, and some of the markets stored in seacomb are under pressure, and other industries with a stronger growth momentum.
Increased investment in research and development, taking advantage of the strategic opportunities of the alot era.
The strategic opportunity period of the arot era has consolidated global scientific and technological excellence. 1. The annual report of Heiconway (002415.sz) & the first quarterly review: The innovation business has grown steadily and has moved out of the market in an orderly manner.
The performance is largely in line with expectations, with Smart Group alot building robust instruments, thermal imaging, and auto electronics maintaining a high growth rate of over 30%.
In addition, it was approved by the Board of Directors of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, which approved the listing application, the Robotic Dismantling Committee, the Central Beneficiaries of Urban and Rural Digital New Capital-20, which was considered and approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, and the incorporation of innovative business companies was steadily and orderly.
The company’s ability to incubate innovative business is further proven. The company’s ability to incubate in intelligent homes and robotics, as well as its potential to hatch in areas such as infrared thermal imaging, car electronics, etc., will contribute to the company’s long-term sustainable development and drive new growth in its performance.
Investment proposal: A company that is currently a global technology giant and adapts to the ever-changing debris features of the alot through proactive structural change will take the lead in enjoying the benefits of the many new innovations of the age of intelligence, and will continue to be exacerbated by the epidemic and counter-globalization trends, with the exception of the Sea Convalescence, which covers more than 150 countries and territories.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.