First half of the year 2022: Income meets expectations, more attention is paid to the happiness line behind the cloud.
Ebg and innovation have not progressed as expected. On the one hand, profitability has been affected by high Māori defaults, price increases, etc. in 2021.
Impact, on the other hand, increased intra-industry competition in an environment where the impact of the epidemic and demand were weak, and, on the other hand, expenditure on personnel costs + equity incentives + innovative operations, led to faster overall cost increases.
1) In the past few months, all open and official channels have had positive and positive access to information and feedback related to negative sdn opinion, according to the company ' s open communication content, and we believe that over time the probability of sdn ' s list will become smaller.
In unfavourable circumstances, while causing disruption to the company’s short-term operations, it does not have an impact on long-term development. According to the company’s open communication content, the economy has been recovering since q3 and operating marginality has improved, and performance is expected to return to growth in the second half of the year as macro-level growth stabilizes.
Under the pessimistic scenario, there is no growth in corporate performance in 2022, and conservative estimates give it to billions. In the long run, customization, fragmentation are the inevitable direction for industrial development, with scarce channel value.
Disaggregatedly underestimating. The players that are now entering the debris market include the Social Dragon, the Technology Big, the Arithmetic Company, the Break-Up Industry Leader, which has a pre-eminent advantage over other competitors in terms of perception technology, product hard work, solutions, but the most important differences are industry-based.
Understanding and setting the scene. On the one hand, the sinking of the distribution network to the countryside is the key to a firm ' s ability to understand the industry in depth and to accurately grasp the pains of its customers ' needs; on the other hand, the research system is based on the company ' s move of R & D and technology support resources towards closer contact and service customers.
"Hai Conway: Once the machine is listed, the machine is to be removed from the market, and the company's inner value is very high.