Business income growth is robust and innovation is well developed - the first half of the 2022 annual report of Heconway (002415.sz) The first half of the year, companies worked to ensure business performance was robust and operating income grew by 9.90 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
During the first half of 2022, the critical situation of the epidemic was a continuing challenge for the domestic economy, the uncertainty created by the rapid changes in the political and economic situation, the company’s maintenance of a strategic supply level and the safeguarding of sound operations, with an inventory of $20,675 million.
The company will continue to maintain its investment in technology research and development, consolidate its intelligent technology base, continuously enrich its smart equipment species, tap into its intelligent applications, and provide escort for firm corporate development in the area of smart-ass associations.
RMB 6,831 million, an increase of 258 per cent, and Smbg $6,286 million, an increase of the same amount.
After the break-up was completed, the Haikang robot remained a company-controlled subsidiary. By this break-up, the company will take Haikang.
Robots have been built into independent listings for machine visual and mobile robotics.
Reporting points: R & D investment in the field of business growth, innovation and upgrading of the share of business, to enhance the profitability and integrated competitiveness of seacom robots. “Commercial cryptographic product production; network and information security software development” is proposed to be increased.
On 12 August 2022, the company convened the twelfth meeting of its fifth board of directors to consider the adoption of the Bill on Changing the Scope of Operations and Amending the Statute of the Company, to agree to change the scope of the company and to authorize the army of Geng Jun.
In line with the company’s strategic development and operational expansion needs, the company will add “commercial cryptographic product production; network and information security software development”.
The company offers video-centric smartness networking solutions and big data suits to users around the world and has a comprehensive advantage in terms of technology, products and solutions, taking into account the scope for growth.
The risk of repeated outbreaks of new coronary pneumonia; the demand for a digital transformation of the enterprise is not released as expected; the overseas market is not expanding as expected; the innovation business is not growing as expected; and industry competition is increasing.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.