Short-term pressure on performance, rapid growth of overseas and innovative business Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 12 August, company ' s semi-annual report for 2022, corporate revenue realized in the first half of the year
In the first half of the year, in a challenging environment in the domestic economy, companies focused on their ability to grow, and the income end continued to achieve steady growth, with revenue q2 growing by 4.13% in the first quarter of the year.
In the first half of the year, solid income growth was largely due to the bright performance of overseas operations and innovative operations, where domestic operations were active.
In the second half of the year, an accelerated recovery was followed by hand orders. 1) Overseas operations: smaller contagions abroad benefited, as well as fast-growing market demand for joint smart business abroad, billions of yuan overseas (+18.89 per cent) in the first half of the year. 2) Innovative operations: 8 major innovation affiliates accelerated development for companies over the long term.
Development has injected new momentum, with innovation generating $7.08 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 25.62 per cent, representing 18.81 per cent of corporate revenue, and Amino Network and robotic subsidiaries steadily moving up the market.
3) Domestic operations: Disturbed by the epidemic in the first half of the year, domestic economic growth has increased and companies have shown strong resilience, with strong endogenous capacity and supply chain regulation, including pbg/ebg/smbg Seacomway 21: Performance Supermarkets
The income changes were -1.4 per cent/+2.58 per cent/+3.97 per cent, respectively. g End business performed well, b business was expected to grow significantly in the field, leading the new future of smarts. c End business operated through product-based expansion and multiple channels.
The construction is resistant to some of the peripheral economic impacts.
Always focusing on technology R & D and supply chain regulation, with a long-term perspective. On the technological side, companies have been focusing on technological innovation, accelerating the deployment of several major R & D centres, and investing in R & D since the long-term perspective of the company led to the recruitment of staff from the Board, increased R & D efforts in basic areas and domestic and international marketing networks.
In recent years, the Division has adopted a policy of strategic stock storage for cargo stocks to ensure robust operations; q2 increased procurement based on firm-based in-depth research in the field of smart assets, forward-looking alots, big data, cloud computing, etc.
We still see the company’s long-term development advantages of five to ten years in terms of technology and regional business layouts from the perspective of globalization. Based on this year’s high growth of overseas and innovative operations, and the expectation of a sustained economic recovery in the second half of the year, we expect the firm’s net return profits to be 2022-2024.
The epidemic affects downstream market demand; fluctuations in the cost of upstream raw materials; and technological developments that are less than anticipated. Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information or the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.