Heaconway Watch (002415): A robust recovery, a leading video product and content service provider.
Solutions and content services. Companies are actively setting up new and emerging markets.
(a) Internet-based Internet-based Internet-based initiatives for households: billion yuan, with revenue of 81.19 per cent, an increase of 6.8 per cent over the same period; innovative businesses generated revenues of $7.08 billion, and micro-enterprise-related products and cloud service platforms;
In the area of smart manufacturing, a series of machine visual products and solutions have been introduced. The company’s products already cover all major equipment in video surveillance systems, including front-end collection devices, back-ends.
In terms of revenue, 1) corporate ownership grew steadily, with H1 storing and centralizing, displaying, managing and storing equipment in 2022.
But it still focuses on the main industries, making use of their technological, product, programme, etc., and developing robustly, along with the macro-level, the business is expected to remain robust in the future. 2) Overseas operations and innovation are growing rapidly and are the main engine of growth for companies. Overseas economic activity is emerging from the epidemic, and companies are operating abroad.
The broader business landscape allows for better growth in an unfavourable overseas environment, with future political environments in some developing countries, such as Asia and the Pacific and Latin America, still serving as a focus for companies in overseas regions.
The rapid growth and future development space and continuity in the digital economy, intelligent manufacturing, and the rapid development of innovative business can bring technological, operational, supply-chain synergies to major industries and can be expected to contribute to the firm’s overall soundness.
In the case of Focalypse Network, which has been approved for listing on the board of science, robotics have acquired a company ' s total equity/flowa share (million shares) to respond positively to external shocks and to maintain a long-term positive trend.
In the face of upward and external shocks, companies have responded positively by raising the level of supply to deal with upstream shortages, higher prices, and higher prices.
The impact was 20,675 million yuan, an increase of 36.97 per cent over the previous year, and business activities now increased investment in R & D and domestic and foreign marketing networks, with $4,675 million invested in R & D during the reporting period.
Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: companies actively respond to the impact of external risks, overall industry.
We're moving forward, costs and operating risks are being properly controlled, and future risks are gradually slowing down the company's recovery.
Haekang Wai (002415). Steady growth, overseas and innovative business.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Heiconway (002415).
Sun Xiang, Head of the Computer Industry, Bachelor of Engineering, University of Electronic Technology, and Master of Finance, University of Shandong. Joined the Tung Xing Stock Exchange in 2021, 2-year-old wave group engineers and 5-year voucher company computer industry research experience.
The research assistant's profile shows a breakdown of the area of in-depth research.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.