ecurities Center for Research on Innovative Technologies and Business Services q1 non-mate ratio + 34 per cent, determining growth time frame under demand
The company published a report for the first quarter of 2020, in which it announced that in 2020 q1 had achieved a revenue of 1,581 million yuan, corresponding to +16.0 per cent, a net profit of 214 million yuan and a net profit of 31.7 per cent for the mother, of which 200 million yuan, or 33.9 per cent, was deducted from the net profit of the mother, with a Māori rate of q1 and a net interest rate level of +33.9 per cent for profitability.
A significant increase in operating cash flows and a marked improvement in the ability to operate at the same time as the high end of the product: the increase in corporate profitability was accompanied by a marked improvement in cash flows and a 163 per cent increase in net operating cash on a year-on-year basis, mainly for sales.
The increase in the recovery of gold (+31.2 per cent) is much greater than the increase in cash outflows from raw materials purchases (+1.1 per cent) and is due in part to the further up-scaling of q1 products (in response to increased profitability) and in part to 2. " Performance meets expectations, pcb of 5 g/idc "
On the one hand, there has been a significant improvement in the company’s operating capacity (81 days in the cash cycle, eight days less than in the same year), as evidenced by the company’s continued improvement of its own product structure while strengthening its operations management, which will be more robust in the future. 5g/idc is certain to continue, and the company will benefit significantly.
Mobile 235 g base station + 150,000 endspn bid completed. Connected telecommunications are expected to be completed in the first three quarters 4. 5g volume, with high server relay growth - 255,000 base station) and server demand surges (19q4 server loads equal to and ring ratio)
We believe that the 5g/idc heat will continue throughout the year, and that the company will benefit significantly as a global telecommunications pcb tap manufacturer. The plant will continue to be high-end, high-end orders can be expected, and yellow stone will be released: the company will be at present.
The industrial capacity of the Ministry of Industry and Industry is high, with the production structure of the green mill moving to higher end communication panels (5g and switchboard-related panels, etc.), and the average unit price is expected to increase further: the proportion of high end products, such as car radar pcb, has increased significantly, although the current epidemic is causing gas.
The demand for cars is still under pressure, but profits will be secured by restructuring the company's products; the negative impact of the Yellowstone plant outbreak, the Xin Xuan Xinjiang, has been phased out, the first phase is back to normal, and the second phase is actively engaged in certification and production.
Don Xiao Lu, Liu Yeon Shei Won, 28, 23 and 19 times the equivalent, considering that the company's leadership and productive capacity are on the move.
Liuyanxue@gjzq.com.cn Demand and pcb prices are below expectations; company shares are below expectations.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment