Quantities in 2020, yellowstone elasticity, future space by car (002463) event rating. Quarter report for 2020, operating revenue of $15.81 in the first quarter of 2020.
In the first quarter of 2020, the company achieved operating income of $15.81, an increase of 16.01 per cent.
The company’s performance growth in 2020 is determined mainly by its operations, the elasticity of wireless network operations, future growth of automobile intelligence and networking. The company’s communications board products are divided into three main categories: digital communications, wireless networks, and others.
The full-benefit cloud computing-related investment continues to be high, data centres and cloud computing are one of the new capital directions supported by national policy priorities, the corresponding cloud computing poles are still investing in codes, and we think the digital communications industry will remain high in the future for 3-5 years. The company is a high-end product, pcb.
The company is one of the few high-speed and high-frequency (HF) network suppliers in the country, with wireless network operations accounting for more than one third of the company's operating income, and customers.
Most households are the top 5g commercial customers in the communications industry, and most of the products were technically certified in 2018. The company fully earned 5g macros in high growth in 2020, but the capacity of the Qingjiang plant continued to be high, and the elasticity of the wireless network depended mainly on the capacity and output of the Lake North Yellowstone plant.
Value elasticity. The company is a domestic supplier of traditional car car body safety, new energy motor control and smart-driving high-end radar control pcb, with a clear card and customer advantage, benefiting from the domestic Internet and communications giants accelerating the layout and development of the carict industry.
The impact of the epidemic on the performance of the first quarter was lower than expected, and we adjusted the forecast of profits for the whole year 2020 to maintain an increase in the dollar, attributable to the parent company ' s net profits of $13.84, 18.18 and 2,441 million, with a total equity of $1,725 million, against 28 Punrixi Street, Beijing West Side.
A comparative advantage and elasticity of performance has been achieved in the digital, 5g and automotive industries.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, is a tax-free dealer on the 6th of China's Sichuan Free Trade Experiment.
China Sea International Centre 17, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a customer for whom it has no direct business relationship with it, and it does not have proper responsibility for reading it. It is a confidential material of the company, such as the receipt of this report by a non-corporate client, which should be returned and deleted in a timely manner and kept confidential until it has publicly disclosed or agreed to do so.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.