• On 21 April, the company issued a quarterly report for 2020: $1.58 billion, an increase of 16 per cent; and net profit returns to mothers.
210 million yuan, an increase of 31.7 per cent in the same year; 200 million yuan, a rise of 33.9 per cent in the same year in the net return profit; 470 million yuan net cash flow, an increase of 163.6 per cent in the same year in operating activities; increased profitability, optimized product structure and reduced cost over time.
\triangleright benefits 5g, higher end product ratios such as data centres and improved production efficiency: 20q1 Mäori 26.7% compared to +1 pct; 13.5% net interest rate compared to +1.6 pct; roe 4.08% compared to +0.12 pct; sales period
>5g capital plus data centre with high demand in the corporate communications market, higher end-of-end output relative to 1 and 5g capital scenario, and expected 5g base station operations to increase to 15-20% by 2020.
One of the 5gpcb core suppliers, the Yellowstone I plant and the Green Pocket plant upgrade will upgrade the production capacity of high-end products such as 5g, the data centre, and the company will continue to benefit from the 5g capital trend.
Autoboard product structure optimizes, Yellowstone certification and production progresses well, affected by the epidemic, global vehicle sales shrink, medium- and low-end carboard products compete strongly, and companies increase their high rates of Māori.
The production structure and efficiency of the company’s Yellowstone 2 plant is improving. The company’s Yellowstone 2 plant is well on the way to certification and production of end-users, and changes in micro-electric technology are expected to improve production efficiency.
The company is the leading domestic supplier of communications and automobiles pcb, benefiting from the long-term 5g capital and data centre recovery trend.
1. Unsatisfactory performance: 19 years of performance in line with expectations and profitability
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity and Investment Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai Transport University.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,