In-depth report of the GIFO (300122), self-research products listed on the market + high and sustained double-wheel-drive performance by agents, cow branch bacterium vaccine for tuberculosis control and new ec diagnostics are about to be marketed and start to work for students.
The company's self-research product, the ec diagnostic reagent (Ieka) and the cow branch bacterium vaccine (used by the tuberculosis infected population), have completed on-site verification and are expected to start marketing in 2020.
The target population is limited and ineffective for those already infected with tuberculosis. The cow branch bacterium vaccine is used to prevent tuberculosis in high-risk populations such as 15-65-year-olds carrying bacillus tuberculosis, which can be used both as a therapeutic vaccine against drug-resistant tuberculosis patients and as a preventive vaccine to help remove tuberculosis bacillus in those who contract tuberculosis.
As our efforts to control tuberculosis become more and more important, the cities of ec and cow sub-collusc vaccines are worth hundreds of millions. We expect that the 2020-2021 ec and cow sub-collage vaccine, as the final product, will be expected to be part of the company.
The original stock of carton specifications for each product has been largely cleared, product bidding and access to the upgraded product has been largely put in place, starting in 2020, such as ac combined with the vaccine prefilled winning price of 120 yuan/agent; metr/agent. The company's core ac-hib seedlings were re-registered in April 2019 and are currently being re-registered.
During the application process, the company is expected to contribute to a steady 20% growth in the company’s own varieties if it is not approved for the time being, with the combined ac seed and hib vaccine products expected to be upgraded in 2020. Agent product: the hpv cervical cancer vaccine market is in short supply, with more than 40% of the 2020 output expected to be released
Four-priced hpv vaccine was issued at 3.8 million per year and nine-priced Hpv vaccine was issued at 1.22 million per year in 2018; the company ' s first-volume Hpv vaccine was issued at a total of 6.78 million in January-November 2019, an increase of 35 per cent over the previous year, with a 16 per cent increase in the four-price hpv vaccine and a 96 per cent increase in the nine-price hpv vaccine; we expect a full-year increase in 2019.
A total of 8.5 million copies are expected to be sold; the market is currently in short supply for Hpv, benefiting from a growth in the supply of new Dutch-origin Hpv vaccine, which is conservatively estimated to increase by more than 40 per cent to 12-13 million vaccines in 2020. In 2018, wise flying started to represent a five-priced batch of HPV vaccine, with 790,000 issued that year, 2019
In January-November, the volume of five-priced rotavirus vaccines has reached 3.86 million and is expected to remain stable in 2020-2021. The development of a large stock of heavy-pound strains of pipelines has gradually entered the market harvest period, with four-priced influenza and two-fold rabies vaccines expected to be on the market in 2021.
Pipeline products are well stocked and 13 projects are clinically active, of which 8 are in clinical phase II to III. Broadly evidence Hesitancy-Video Report-Research and Development Innovation.
Vaccines are expected to complete three clinical phases in the first half of 2020, entering the declaration phase, and are expected to be marketed in 2021.
The need for a four-priced influenza vaccine is high and the market is huge. Both vaccine varieties are expected to be sold more than the broad-based Helium-Twisfien (300122)-Announcer-15 Pneumonia (300122)-Annual Review Report 2017.
Widely evidenceed Helium-Intelligent (300122)-Annual Review Report 2018q1 Continues 1.1 Self-research and proxy double-wheel drive vaccine taps with clear location of stockholding affiliates.
In September 2010, the company was listed on the Shenzhen Exchange, the country’s first private vaccine company, and since 2012, the company, in collaboration with Mercerton’s strategy, has reached an agreement to represent its Hpv vaccine and its five-priced round vaccine.
Co-operative relationship, currently on behalf of the sale of Mossadon 4-priced, 9-priced Hpv vaccine, 23-priced pneumonia vaccine, life-exercise hepatitis A vaccine, and five-priced rotavirus
Corporations: Wiki-Fi Green Bamboo and Ji Fei-Long Koma are responsible for the production and marketing of products such as the three-spine products ac-hib, microcarat (the cow sub-couple vaccine) and hib vaccine, in which the wise-flying green bamboo is a platform for bacterial vaccines, the wise-flying Dragon-Koma is a platform for tuberculosis and viral vaccines; the smart-flying port is an entry platform for vaccines; the smart-flying Internet is engaged in Internet technology development; the wise-flying creature is used as a marketing platform for proxy products; the wise-wing bamboo is mainly a platform for the marketing of agents.
Medicines development; intelligent investment in tumors, metabolites, innovative products of cardiovascular diseases, and a clear division of labour among affiliates. 1.3 Domestic vaccine headlines, collections and profits continue to grow.
Momentum, mainly due to the company ' s progressive substitution of proxy products with self-research products and the outbreak of influenza. As a result of the March 2016 Shandong vaccine incident, the company ' s net profit on both the harvest and the return of mothers fell sharply in 2016, reaching only $450 million (37.43%) and the return of mothers ' net profit of $32.52 million (83.53%).
A series of new deals, such as Hmong, began to recover in 2017, and the vaccine industry began to recover with a significant boost in corporate performance, reaching $1.34 billion in 2017 (+201%) and a net profit of $430 million for mothers (+1208%). With four- and nine-price hpv vaccines approved in the country, the company began brokering the sale of four- and nine-price hpv vaccines in 2017 and 2018, respectively.
The company’s operating income consists mainly of three major components, including the self-research of secondary seedlings, self-research therapeutic biological products, and proxy products. The company’s agent, the exclusive ac-hib, has achieved significant sales performance. In addition, in 2017, Mersardon’s four-priced hpv was approved for sale, and the agency’s share of revenues began to rise.
The listing of turn-on virus vaccines has led to a rapid increase in the share of corporate agent products compared to 2018, and the release of the core varieties of hpv and pentavalent turn-on virus vaccine has raised the share of corporate agent operations to 74.37 per cent in 2018 and is expected to increase further in 2019.
The overall Māori rate has fluctuated around 30-40 per cent over the last five years, and in 2016 the Māori rate was higher, at 73 per cent, owing to the sale of only a few agents of Zhejiang Pukang ' s frozen dry liver vaccine tails. By 2017, it was affected by a combination of factors such as company self-research products listed and agency contracts expired, while the BD ' s share of autonomous products increased, while the high Māori ratio of autonomous products led to a combined Māori rate for intelligent organisms from 55.63 per cent in 2012.
Up to 92.1% in 2016, an increase of more than 36 percentage points is a further indication that self-research products have been placed on the market to increase the profitability of companies. In 2017, the company signed with Mercado to continue to represent its 23-priced pneumonia vaccine and its live hepatitis A vaccine, while under its 2012 proxy contract with Mercado, the company is responsible for marketing the four-priced Hpv vaccine in the mainland China region, the Hpv vaccine is rapidly released, and the agent product is being delivered.
The company ' s combined Māori rate continued to decline in 2017 and 2018 after rising revenue ratios. Māori rates for all Twissel Industries, while management costs jumped to 34.61 per cent as a result of a significant drop in revenue due to the 16-year Shandong vaccine; and second, as a result of an increase in new products and marketing inputs.
2. Self-research products: new cow branch bacterium vaccine, ec marketed + product upgrades accelerated growth.
In the period from 2008 to 2014, the smart-flying organisms have been on the market for ac combined vaccine, acyw 135 brain vaccine and hib vaccine, ac-hib III vaccine. In 2020, the ec diagnostic reagent and the cow branch bacterium vaccine (used by people infected with tuberculosis) will become the company ' s own self-research product ac-hib vaccine, which has contributed to the company ' s own self-research operations since it was listed, and the company announced the epidemic in April 2019.
The failure to re-register Hmong has raised market concerns about the company’s self-research product collection. However, we believe that the company’s re-registering of ac-hib has had limited impact on the company’s self-research product collection from 2019-2020: 1) due to the fact that ac-hib is a joint product of ac-sugar multi-combined vaccines and ahib vaccines, in order to avoid competition for its own products, the company has previously been involved in this process.
Main push ac-hib triples, both of which are self-infested by the market, have been sold on ac multi-sugar combined vaccine and a heb vaccine on a small scale in recent years. (ii) Ac multi-sugar combined vaccine and a heb vaccine have been upgraded, the new formulation has been up since 2020, the old ac multi-sugar combined vaccine and a heb vaccine have been enclosed in the Westlin bottle in the past, and in 2012 companies and United States bd have entered into a strategic collaboration, ac multi-sugar combined vaccine and a heb vaccine are now available.
It has been upgraded to a pre-filled injection, with multi-sugar combined vaccine and heb vaccine upgraded at a price of $120/b, 106/b, and ac-hib at a price of $216/b, which together corresponds to the price of the ac-hib triple. Therefore, the company is expected to push the multi-sugar combined vaccine and the heb vaccine in 2020 in the event that the re-registration of the ac-hib triple seedlings is temporarily pending, and the company ' s self-research product collection is expected to be expected in 2020.
2.1 The cow branch bacterium vaccine and the ec diagnostic product are about to be marketed, and the market space is expected to be close to 100%. Tuberculosis is a chronic respiratory disease caused by tuberculosis bacillus.
Weeks. 80% of these cases occur in the lungs, and other parts of the population (circumcised lymphs, membrane, peritoneal, intestinal, skin, bone) are also infected.
The company's self-research product combines the protein-ec diagnostic reagent (Yeka) and the cow branch bacterium vaccine, both of which have completed the clinical research field verification and the cde drug review expert consultation, which is in the process of professional review and is expected to be marketed next year. Youka is used for tuberculosis bacterium infection screening, the cow branch bacillus vaccine is used for the tuberculosis infected population. Youka is an international third-generation diagnostic reagent, with no need for blood, sensitivity and specificity.
High enough to allow screening of all population groups, the only successful tuberculosis vaccine developed by BCG in almost 100 years of existence, was the first three clinical studies to be completed globally, two of which were complementary products. Since BCG’s listing, about 4 billion people worldwide have been vaccinated, and tuberculosis has been prevented, but, over time, it has become increasingly evident that its prevention is inadequate.
Research shows that BCG has only 5 to 10 years of protection as a baby vaccine, that the rate of protection for adult tuberculosis varies from 0 to 80% and that it is ineffective for people already infected with tuberculosis; and that BCG is ineffective for people already infected with tuberculosis. By contrast, the BCG vaccine is used to prevent tuberculosis in high-risk populations, such as tuberculosis carriers aged 15-65, which can be used both for therapeutic vaccines for treatment of drug-resistant tuberculosis patients and as a means of helping to clear nodules.
In the near future, it can be expected that the BCG vaccine as a tuberculosis infected population will have good complementarities with BCG, improve the existing preventive measures for tuberculosis and provide a more effective tool for tuberculosis prevention and control.
2.1.2 The global tuberculosis population is estimated at 1.7 billion, and who proposes the strategic goal of “End Tuberculosis” by 2035, a global population of about 1.7 billion, with 23 per cent, or around a quarter of the population. About 10 million new infections occur each year, and about 1.6 million people die each year from tuberculosis.
The global average tuberculosis prevalence rate is 1.3 per 100,000, with the burden of tuberculosis varies considerably across countries, ranging from less than 5 per 100,000 to some countries with a prevalence rate of more than 5 million per 100,000. Adult men account for 57 per cent of all new cases, and children under 15 years of age account for 11 per cent and 8.6 per cent of new cases, respectively.
An international conference convened by the United Nations in 2018 set the goal of ending the global tuberculosis epidemic by 2035. WHO proposed a strategic goal of 2035, “End tuberculosis”, which is 90 per cent lower than 2015 and 95 per cent lower than 2015. Emphasis was placed on “the development and use of new diagnostic reagents and tuberculosis vaccines as soon as possible”.
2.1.3 The country's tuberculosis epidemic is critical, with the National Plan of Action to Combat Tuberculosis (2019-2022), calculated on the basis of 18-20 per cent of the ltbi population, is estimated to be 250 million. We are still one of the 30 countries with a high burden of tuberculosis worldwide, accounting for about 900,000 new cases of tuberculosis each year, the third highest number of cases worldwide.
In order to implement the “Healthy China 2030” programme and the “13th Five” national tuberculosis control plan, and to respond positively to the Global Tuberculosis Disease Control Initiative, efforts to combat tuberculosis have been stepped up. On 13 June 2019, the National Health and Health Council, the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of Education,
The Ministry of Science and Technology, the Ministry of Civil Affairs, the Ministry of Finance, the Office of Poverty Alleviation of the State Council, the National Health and Safety Agency, among others, jointly issued an Action Plan to Stop Tuberculosis (2019-2022) to accelerate compliance with international commitments to end tuberculosis. The goal is to achieve positive progress in tuberculosis control by 2022.
Continuing upscaling, priority population, priority area prevention and treatment measures, steady improvement in the standardised level of diagnosis and treatment, clear public knowledge of tuberculosis prevention and treatment, further reduction in morbidity and mortality, reduction to less than 55 per cent of the country ' s tuberculosis incidence and maintenance of the mortality rate at a lower level (less than 3 per 100,000). How to detect, screen and treat people infected with bacterium tuberculosis at an early stage and make it difficult and critical to prevent and treat tuberculosis control.
2.1.4 Measuring student + health examination distribution channels, ec and cow branch bacterium vaccine are expected to be close to market size The cow branch bacterium vaccine and ec (screened diagnostic reagent) as an ancillary product, ec pricing is expected to be 30-50 yuan/agent and cow branch bacterium vaccine is estimated to be about 1800-2000 yuan/person.
According to the national tuberculosis control plan, tuberculosis bacterium screening is expected to become a mandatory check-up project for new entrants, taking into account the country ' s medical examination market for entry into primary schools, which in 2018 was 18,67 million new students, 16,03 million in lower secondary schools, 13.5 million in upper secondary schools and 7.91 million in higher education, for a total of 56,111 million people, if calculated at 50 per cent of the rate of implementation, and the size of the market for ec diagnostic screening, which can be 1.1 billion yuan; and the application of the cow branch bacillus vaccine.
In the 15-year-old age group, 2.141 million new students in high schools and universities in 2018, based on 20 per cent of the country's current latent infection rate, are conservative, assuming a market penetration rate of 20 per cent, and a market size of 1.6 to 1.8 billion yuan for a cow branch bacterium vaccine. The market size of the cow branch bacterium vaccine and ec-screened diagnostic reagents is more than 2.7 billion.
With 500 million annual check-ups out, reaching 575 million in 2018. And the country’s medical examination coverage has increased from year to year, currently at around 30%, there are still significant gaps with Western countries, and there is considerable scope for expanding the medical examination market.
The reason for repeated medical examinations each year is based on 400 million people per year, 20 per cent of whom have opted for a tuberculosis screening project, while in the case of the use of the ec diagnostic reagent, 50 per cent of which is used, the ec diagnostic reagent is used 40 million copies per year, at a price of 35 yuan/agent, and ec is expected to be in the range of 1.4 billion in the city of the medical examination facility.
The 40 million people/year population screening tuberculosis project, with 8 million people infected with bacterium tuberculosis based on a 20 per cent latent infection rate, assumes a penetration rate of 20 per cent using the cow branch bacillus vaccine, at a price of 1800-2000 yuan/person, approximately 300-350 yuan/agent*6 doses, cow branches, and bacillus vaccine at the size of the medical examination market of 3 billion.
In total, taking into account the entry + check-up market, the market space for diagnostic reagents and cow branch bacterium vaccine is expected to exceed 7 billion. 2020-2021, as a new company product, the market import period for ec diagnostic reagents and cow bacterium vaccine, we predict the company ' s 2.2 global exclusive ac-hib vaccine, re-registration applications pending approval
The company started research on the ac-hib triple vaccine by 2006, applied for clinical trials in January 2006, completed production of a batch for a bed test in July 2011, was marketed in April 2014 and marketed on 30 December of the same year. As one of the main directions of vaccine research and development, multi-guided vaccines have been marketed globally, with major types of vaccines combined and priced, mainly by combining different types of vaccines.
In turn, it will reduce the number of vaccinations; in the case of vaccines, the combination of the different types of vaccine against the virus subtypes will help to increase the number of vaccine subtypes. In addition to the common jaundice and pygmies, hepatitis A and B vaccines, the MUPs are on the market in the country.
In addition, the Ac-hib III vaccine of intelligent flying organisms, the Pepsi flu 4 vaccine of the Conte organisms (Beijing Minhai) and the Sanofi vertigo 5 vaccine. Overall, the MDP competition pattern is better than the traditional vaccine, and it is more priced.
In general, traditional routine immunization procedures require 6 doses, 3 Hibs for the child ' s 2-to-5-month-old, 2 ac brain vaccinations for the 6-to-November-year-old, 1 ac brain transfer vaccine for the 12-71-year-old, which takes a long period of time and takes a large number of times. The ac-hib triple seedlings require only 3 doses for the newborn child in the 2-to-5-month-old age, which is reduced by half. This not only reduces the number of times that parents return to vaccination units, save time and save time.
The relatively small number of vaccinations, and the theoretical possibility of adverse reactions, has a greater advantage. The poor annual sale of triple seedlings has delayed the release of triple seedlings, but the vaccine case was eliminated, resulting in the issuance of 4.7 million and 6.43 million combined vaccines for 2017-2018, respectively, with a sales value of about $1 billion.
4.28 million batches were issued in 1-November.
The estimated amount calculated against the average price of the winning bid is assumed to be $216/agent) 2.3ac, combined with the upgrade of the vaccine product, and ac, combined with the vaccine, started in 2020 to prevent the disease in the a-group and the c-group.
Heavy diseases, when infected, are mildly encephalitis, meningitis, and severe diseases can be left with the after-effects. The cerebral cerebral disease is regulated by law in our country, and the first-born child should be vaccinated against the cerebral cerebral encephalitis. The vaccine is effective in preventing cerebral cerebral infections, and the incidence of brain cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral encephalitis is now relatively low in our country.
The brain transfer vaccine includes both a type of vaccine (a cerebral glucose vaccine, ac brain glucose vaccine) and a type II vaccine (ac combination vaccine, ac-hib III vaccine, acyw 135 brain glucose vaccine) at the expense of the State.a The brain transfer vaccine is six months old.
And in September, when ac brain glucose vaccination was three years old, ac combination vaccine could replace the two types of vaccine described above, with the advantage of fewer vaccinations and more prophylactic strains.In 2018, ac combination vaccine was issued for a total of 4,774,407, a decrease of 11.56% from the same period in 2017.
In the last five years, there has been a downward trend in the distribution of vaccines in combination with the distribution of vaccines.
The smart-flyed ac combined vaccine was in the process of being replaced with a new prefilled specification from the old Westlin bottle in 2018-2019 and the new product was replaced, and the price was raised from the old Westlin bottle to prefilled 120 USD/agent (0.5ml), prefilled product market access for prefilled specifications
Guangzhenghangseng is ready to start distribution in 2020, and it is expected that in the event of the re-registration of the ac-hib triple seedlings, the company sales team will focus on promoting the ac-combined vaccine and the heb vaccine, which we expect to sell by 3 million units in 2020, contributing about $300-40 million.
2.4hib vaccine products were upgraded, and prefilled new products began to rise in 2020, and hib was one of the leading causes of childhood morbidity and mortality worldwide. Hib-induced meningitis has a high probability of disabling children.
There are serious after-effects for survivors, including blindness, deafness and learning disabilities. In areas with inadequate medical health resources, the incidence of heb meningitis varies from 20% to 60%.” The heb vaccine is used to prevent haemophilus influenzae b infections among people aged February or over March.
Six manufacturers in Lanzhou, Watson Organisms, etc., have produced a decrease in total bulk issuances over the past five years, mainly due to the issuance of ac-hib 3 and 100 graphs 18.hib vaccines (million doses)
The old Westlin bottle was upgraded to a prefilled new specification of $102/agent, the products of the prefilled new specifications were tendered in nearly 20 provinces, market access was largely ready for distribution, with 3 million sales expected in 2020 and about 300 million 250acyw 135 glucose vaccine products upgraded and revenue expected in 2020
The company's self-research products also include acyw 135 cerebral glucose vaccine, ac combination vaccine and acyw 135 cerebral vaccine for the prevention of epidemic meningitis, the difference being that the former is primarily for populations over March and is used to prevent infections in a group and a group of c meningoccus, while the latter is mainly for people over 2 years of age, and can prevent infections in a group of four serums, a, c, y and w135.
In 2018, the acyw 135th group issued 4.9610 million doses, an increase of 25.4 per cent over the same period in 2017, mainly due to the gradual erosion of the impact of the black swan events in the industry and the wider range of acyw135 vaccines. Of these, 1.76 million doses, or 35.4 per cent, were distributed.
Based on the National Immunization Plan, the need for ac brain multi-sugar boosters in the 3 and 6 age groups, and the four-priced brain vaccine (i.e. acyw135) is a better option than the ac brain multi-sugar vaccine. The acyw 135 glucose vaccine product was upgraded in 2019 from packaged to pre-filled injections from the original 59-63 yuan/contributions to 136 yuan/contributions.
Proximity products: A continuous outbreak, with cooperation likely to be renewed. The cervical cancer vaccine, the pentavalent virus vaccine, the 23-valent pneumococcal vaccine and the hepatitis A vaccine. The proxy hepatitis A vaccine and the pneumonia vaccine were released earlier in 2017, the four-price hpv vaccine were marketed and the nine-price hpv vaccine and the five-priced virus vaccine were marketed in 2018.
3.1 The exclusive agent has a four-priced Hpv vaccine, which is expected to grow by more than 40% by 2020. The species will be transmitted to the genitals and the surrounding skin through sexual activity, but most of them will not cause harm, and only a few high-risk sub-infections will induce cervical cancer. The Hpv16 and Hpv18 are the most major cancer-producing sub-types known, with more than 70% of cervical cancer cases associated with this.
3.1.1 Three globally listed Hpv vaccines, sold in 2018 on a scale of over $3.3 billion, have three Hpv vaccines currently on the global market, with four-priced Hpv vaccines in Mercadón, two-price Hpv vaccines ingsk and nine-price Hpv vaccines in Mercadón. The four-priced Hpv vaccine (gardasil) produced by Mercadón, the first global cervical cancer vaccine.
Listed in 2006, the world ' s first vaccine capable of preventing cancer, with more than $1.4 billion in global sales in the second year of listing. In 2007, gsk produced a second-priced Hpv vaccine (cervarix), but with smaller sales due to the fact that the preventable Hpv virus subtype was less than gardasil. In 2014, the most recent nine-priced Hpv cervical cancer vaccine was placed on the market, making it the most preventable sub-type of Hpv vaccine in the current Hpv field.
The main difference between the three vaccines is the difference between their prophylactic subtypes, where gsk's second-price hpv vaccine can prevent Hpv16 and 18, two high-risk subtypes, which are more than 70 per cent related to cervical cancer, and Mossathon's four-price hpv vaccine, which is more prophylactic than the two-priced Hpv vaccine, the Hpv6 and 11 subtypes, which are also closely related to sharp humid aphids, and are also common among male patients, and hence the four-price disease.
The nine-priced vaccine added five subtypes to the four-priced vaccine, covering almost 90% of the cervical cancer subtype. In 2018, the global sales of the Hpv vaccine exceeded $3.3 billion, benefiting from the expansion of China’s empty market, with the total sales in 2018.
Growth exceeds 30% and global sales are expected to increase. 3.1.2 The Hpv vaccine has been on the market in China in recent years.
All three types of Hpv vaccines are currently approved in the country, in 2016, 2017 and 2018 respectively. At the winning price, the second price of Hpv vaccines is at $580/agent, while the fourth price of Hpv vaccines is at $798/agent in 31 provincial and municipal units throughout the country. The ninth price of Hpv vaccines is at 1298/agents in 31 provincial and municipal units.
The company and the hpv vaccine provider have been working together for eight years since April 2011, and the two sides are happy to cooperate. The contract for the supply of the hpv vaccine signed in 2017 expired in mid-2021, and the contract is expected to be renewed in the third quarter of 2020, taking into account Merca.
East has not set up its own sales team in the Chinese market, and there is no better partner choice; and previously, Hpv vaccine sales were market-driven, demand-driven, and more extension is needed, and we expect that smart-flying organisms will be expected to renew supply contracts on the terms of the current supply agreement.
With regard to the progress of the Hpv vaccine developed nationally, Hpv clinical trials for Hpv are currently under way in Chengdu, Shanghai Biology, and Xiaomen Wantai. More rapidly, the two-priced Hpv vaccine in Chengdu and under the flag of the birth house has entered the ii phase in July 2017.
The Hpv vaccine imported during the year will continue to occupy most of the market. 3.1.4 The Hpv vaccine sales are expected to peak at over 10 billion, the market is currently in short supply, and the release of capacity is expected to grow by over 40 per cent in 2020.
Depending on the level of awareness of the population, the level of payment and the willingness to inoculate, we believe that the penetration rate of the four-priced Hpv vaccine in the country is expected to be between 7 and 10%, corresponding to a peak sales of between 10 and 15 billion dollars. According to data from the Chinese Statistical Yearbook 2016 of the National Statistical Office, by 2015, the country is 20 to 45 years old.
With a population of about 280 million women in the age group, based on the level of payment and the willingness to inoculate, we believe that the four-priced Hpv vaccine is expected to reach a penetration rate of 7 to 10%, with a sales peak of $10.8 to 15.5 billion based on the total cost of completing three doses of immunization. At the same time, taking into account the vaccination of older women, which is expanding, and the clinical testing of older women under 16 years of age, the market stock is sufficient and will not appear in five years.
In 2017, the four-priced Hpv vaccine was officially marketed, with a total annual issuance of 348,000; in 2018, the four-priced Hpv vaccine was issued with a total annual issuance of 3.8 million, an increase of 991.98 per cent. In 2018, the nine-priced Hpv vaccine was on the market, with a total issuance of 1,216,000.
Due to the long life cycle of vaccine production and the limited capacity of the sealed-line production system, the supply of the production capacity of Mossathon was limited in 2019, and the projected distribution of 8.5 million seedlings in 2019 (the sum of four and nine prices) is currently in short supply in the domestic market. The Dutch plant seal line for the Chinese district was submitted for approval by the National Bureau at the end of August 2019, and it is expected that it will start to be issued in January 2020, and that we will be released from production capacity in 2020.
The Hpv cervical cancer vaccine (four + nine) is expected to be sold at 12-13 million, an increase of more than 40 per cent over 2019. 3.2 Single agent five-priced virus vaccine outbreak, which is expected to contribute cumulatively over a period of three years. Human Rotavirus (hrv) is one of the major pathogens responsible for non-bacterial diarrhoea among newborns, and cyclic diarrhea is an acute emergency for infants and young children.
The second cause of the disease, in addition to respiratory infections, occurs at the end of the autumn, and is highly contagious. The patient and the invisible are the source of the infection, which can cause transmission or outbreak through digestive tracts, close contact and respiratory transmission. Every year, about 10 million infants and children are infected with rotavirus, which accounts for one quarter of the total number of infants.
3.2.1 Ji-foo started exclusive agent Mossatung's five-priced Rotavirus vaccine in 2018 and is expected to make a cumulative contribution over a period of three years.
On 9 July 2018, the company and Mercerton agreed on a five-priced rotational vaccine for a total of about 31.46 per cent between the date of signature and 31 December 2021.
In September 2018, Chi Fei-Bio received an oral 5-priced rotavirus (Vero cell) `Vero-life reduction vaccine' issued by the National Drug Supervisory Authority, which marked the official entry into the Chinese market of a 5-priced virus vaccine. In 2018, the 5-priced rotavirus vaccine began to be marketed, amounting to 79.18 million per year in bulk issuances, January-November 2019.
The agency agreement between the company and Mercado expires at the end of 2021 and is expected to commence negotiations for renewal in the second half of 2020, with a smooth extension. 3.2.2 Mercado five-priced virus vaccine is less heavily vaccinated and more fully protected than its domestic product, with a projected sales peak of over 2 billion
Prior to the first five-priced mercantile vaccine, only Lanzhou was on the market, with a winning price of $172 in the provinces, using an oral 3ml per person, from six months of birth to three years of age, and an enhanced immunization at four to five years of age, for a total of four doses. By contrast, Mercerton's five-priced metrovirus vaccine was one of the most widely used virus vaccines worldwide, and the vaccine passed.
In total, three oral vaccinations were completed, covering a period of up to seven years; and, more importantly, Leedel could prevent five different types of rotavirus at the same time and provide more comprehensive protection. Moshalton’s oral five-priced recommenced rotavirus detoxification vaccine is a second-generation virus vaccine that can prevent five subtypes of g1/2/3/4/9
The serotype causes cycling viral gastrointestinal infestations in infants and young children, far more than the one-priced Rotavirus vaccine in the State of Lan, which only protects against the a-trophy virus, while, in the number of vaccinations, Meshadong’s five-priced virus vaccine only needs to be used three times, less than the one produced in the State of Lan. So, when Meshadong’s five-valor virus vaccine is on the market, it is expected to gradually replace the metrovirus vaccine in the State of Lan.
In the past five years, an average of 5.69 million doses of oral rotavirus live vaccines have been issued in Lanzhou, estimated at about $1 billion per year, estimated at around 16 million dollars per year (one dose per year), with a penetration rate of about 12 per cent. Mercado's oral five-priced five-rate re-programming virus-retardant live vaccine is set at around $60 per dose, which is in the country's 31 provincial and municipal units.
The winning price of $280/agent (three doses in total) assumes a penetration rate of 15 per cent based on 16 million/year of newborns, which corresponds to a sales peak of about 3.2.3 per cent of the triple rotational virus vaccine and the six-valor Vuhan virus vaccine in the State of Lanzhou, which is currently in the process of developing a rota virus vaccine in the State, and the three-stage clinical trials of the three rotational virus vaccine in the State of Lanzhou have been completed;
In mid-2018, the six-priced Rotavirus vaccine entered its three-stage clinical phase.
4.1 The company has continued to increase its R & D investment and the development of research and development teams, which stock a large stock of heavy-pound vaccine production, and in recent years it has been increasing its R & D investment, which has risen steadily in absolute terms. In 2018, its R & D investment amounted to 170 million.
A total of 271 people, nearly four times larger than in 2010. Chart 31. Number of R & D staff over the years, after many years of research and development investment and accumulation, JFW has built up a well-developed R & D system, has a large stock of piped products and currently has 13
Of these, eight are in clinical phases two to three, and are expected to be on the market gradually over the next three to five years, guaranteeing long-term growth of the company. These include 23-priced multi-sugar vaccine, 15-priced vaccine for pneumonia, double rabies vaccine, a group of 100-white vaccine, and a double-priced vaccine for Songner ' s dysentery, which is expected to help the company to move to a new stage of development.
The company is currently developing 15-priced pneumonia vaccine, four-priced influenza vaccine, two-fold rabies vaccine, four-priced cerebral combination vaccine, and two-price dysentery vaccine in clinical phases II to III. The four-priced influenza vaccine and two-fold rabies vaccine are scheduled to be completed in the first half of 2020.
The two-fold rabies vaccine is the gold standard of WHO and is expected to gradually replace animal-source rabies rabies rabies rabies rabies, also known as water-borne diseases, a natural or animal-origin infectious disease caused by rabies virus infections, which remain high among the 37 statutoryly reported deaths of infectious diseases in our country, with a rate of nearly 100%.
4.2.1 The number of deaths from rabies in our country is the second highest in the world, and mortality and morbidity rates are largely flat. From a worldwide perspective, rabies have been virtually eliminated in North America and Europe, rabies of dogs are under fundamental control, rabies of wild animals are being effectively prevented through extensive oral immunization. Some developing countries, including Mexico, the Philippines and Eastern Europe I, are now effectively prevented.
Some countries, as a result of the introduction of continuous universal immunization against rabies, as recommended by the WHO Committee of Experts on rabies, have seen a marked decline in the number of cases of rabies occurring in human beings and a significant reduction in social and economic losses. Asia and Africa are the regions with the highest incidence of rabies, accounting for 99 per cent of all deaths in the world. India ranks second among the countries officially reporting rabies.
According to the latest data, in the first half of 2017-2018, 40 people were infected with rabies per month, with a mortality rate of 98.25 per cent; in 2015-2017, the average three-year rate of morbidity amounted to 0.0477/10 million; the average rate of mortality and morbidity remained essentially the same and did not meet the criteria for the elimination of rabies. More than 95 per cent of human rabies were caused by dog bites. Dogs played a major role in the prevalence of rabies in the country, the root cause of which was the immunization coverage of rabies in our country.
The low cover rate led to the spread of rabies among the population.
4.2.2 The gradual replacement of the animal-source rabies vaccine with the animal-based rabies vaccine is an industry trend. The rabies vaccine is classified as type II vaccine in our country. Currently, it is divided into human-source rabies vaccine and animal-origin rabies vaccine, according to the cell-based rabies used in the production of rabies vaccine.
Vaccines, while the chicken embryonic rabies vaccine, the drenal rabies vaccine, the vero rabies vaccine are animal-source-based rabies. The double-cell rabies vaccine is known by the World Health Organization as the golden standard vaccine against rabies, which produces reliable immune responses, produces a high drop-rate medium-to-negative antibodies without serious adverse effects.
As the practice of raising pets grows, the number of pets is growing year by year, and according to the White Paper on the China Pet Industry 2018, the size of the Chinese pet industry reached $170.8 billion in 2018 and is expected to remain at a high rate of growth of 30.9% per year between 2010 and 2020.
The demand for new vaccines that are safer and more immunopathological is increasing, facilitated by factors such as high levels of per capita income and related favourable policies. Compared to the traditional animal rabies vaccine, the double rabies vaccine has better immunopersity and higher safety, the World Health Organization's gold standard vaccine against rabies, which can produce reliable immune responses after vaccination, moderate antibodies with high drop-rates,
The absence of serious adverse effects is a powerful complement to the current traditional rabies vaccine in the country, especially for allergies, the elderly and children, whose share of the domestic market is currently less than 5 per cent. The market outlook for recent years has been that the total annual issuance of rabies vaccine has been maintained in the country at 60 to 80 million doses, i.e. 1,200 to 16 million doses.
According to the Central Prosecutor's Office, the rabies vaccine (Vero cell) was sold by freezing people at $3,881 million in 2017, leading the country's top 20-value vaccine varieties, as the world's largest producer and user country of rabies vaccine, and far ahead of other vaccine markets.
The number of batches issued in 2016 was only 0.5%, in 2017 it was about 1.28%, in 2018 it was about 3.34%, and although the share of batches increased continuously, the percentage of batches was still lower. Because of factors such as the large amount of bioreactors, the difficulty of double-cell cells, the low production of double rabies, as the cost of vaccine production fell and the production process continued.
Growing up, the gradual introduction of rabies vaccine to animal-based cell-based rabies vaccine is one of the trends in the rabies vaccine industry, so the double-cell rabies vaccine for humans has broad market prospects. Moreover, apart from the two-fold rabies vaccine for the Conducive Biology, two-fold rabies are now on the market.
The canine vaccine has entered three clinical stages and a better competitive pattern. 4.3 4-priced influenza vaccine: changes in the strain of influenza have created an urgent need for vaccines that cover a wider strain. The influenza pandemic is an acute respiratory infection caused by the influenza virus, a highly contagious and rapidly spreading disease.
Diffusion, human-to-human contact, or transmission of exposure to contaminated items. 4.3.1 Variation of strains of influenza virus, and urgent domestic demand for a four-priced vaccine that can effectively cover the B-Yamagata influenza virus
Influenza viruses are classified as A(a), B(b), C(c), D. (d). In addition to people infected, the influenza A virus is widespread in animals such as birds, pigs, horses, seals, whales and mink. The influenza B virus circulates in humans and causes seasonal epidemics, and most recently it is shown that seals are infected. The influenza C virus can infect humans and pigs, but the symptoms are slight after infection.
A (a) is divided into subtypes with three subtypes, A1, represented by a (h1n1); A2 is represented by a (h2n2); A3 is represented by a (h3n2). B (b) has only one subtype, based on 1990
Their antigens and nucleic acid sequence genetic properties in the Ha1 area have been divided into two major spectra, called the Yamagata and the Victoria systems. These two spectra have been prevalent worldwide since at least 1983. In addition, there are avian and mammal influenza viruses, all of which fall under type A (a) influenza viruses, such as bird flu H1n1, h5n1, h7n9, h5n6, h10n8, h7n7, h9n2 and others, known in recent years.
According to WHO data, since October 2017, the predominantly yamagata-type B influenza virus in our country has grown in intensity and has grown rapidly, reaching its peak in January 2018, contributing as much as 54% to the influenza pandemic, exceeding the a-type.
In January 2018, according to cfda, 274,000 cases of influenza in the country increased by 800%, the ring increased by 125%, and resulted in 56 deaths. The failure to match the active strains of the influenza vaccine resulted in serious consequences.
The urgency of the need for a four-priced influenza vaccine covering the influenza virus type B. 4.3.2 The country currently has only two four-priced influenza vaccine plants that cover both the influenza A-B virus and compete for a better pattern
Until 1977, there were only two viral strains on the market, one influenza A virus and one influenza B disease. In 1978, a influenza A virus strain was added to the influenza vaccine, and the flu vaccine has since been triple-priced, containing two influenza A diseases, a poison strain, and a influenza B virus strain. Until December 2012, GlaxoSchuck developed a four-priced influenza vaccine -- at the original three-price price.
In June 2013, Sanofibasd’s four-priced influenza vaccine was approved. In 2018, the four-priced influenza vaccine, developed autonomously by China’s Wallam Bioproducts, was put on the market to prevent H1n1, H3n2, B-Victoria and Yamagata from being a vaccine for influenza.
There are two main types of influenza vaccine currently on the market in the country: the flu sub-unit vaccine, which is produced and sold by the Fugitive Anco, and the flu virus fission vaccine, which accounts for the vast majority of the vaccines on the market, which is produced by a large number of companies, including, among other things, the Waran Biology, the Long Spring Institute, the Sanofi, and so on. Currently, in addition to the four-priced influenza vaccine of the Waran Biology, which has already been marketed, the Jiangsu Jindik Biotechnology Corporation has developed a “four-priced” product.
The 4-priced influenza vaccine is in the iii phase of clinical trials involving intelligent flying organisms, Wuhan Institute and national light organisms, as well as the iii phase in Beijing, where the 4-priced influenza vaccine from Liaoning Dao and Shanghai organisms has entered the clinical phase. 4.3.3 The influenza vaccine city in our country has achieved less than 2 per cent vaccination coverage, residents ' influenza awareness has increased in recent years, and the market is promising.
Our flu vaccine market is still under development. We have only more than 20 million influenza vaccinations per year, less than 2%, and 1/20% for the United States. In the last decade or so, there has been a decline in the issuance of influenza vaccines, the impact of the industrial vaccine incident in 2016, the suspension of many influenza vaccine production companies in 2018, and the issuance of influenza vaccines to just over 20 million cases throughout the year.
There are only four vaccine-sensitive companies, which, according to the latest release data from the Central Inspection Institute, have issued 2.07 million doses of influenza vaccine for the 2019-2020 flu season as of 20 October, exceeding the influenza vaccine for the 2018-2019 flu season, and a large number of influenza manufacturers, which have been affected by the black swan events in the vaccine industry for the last two years, with the flu vaccine market showing constant concentration.
The trend has been rising. Since 2011, 19 flu vaccine manufacturers have issued a recorded amount, 9 in 2017 and 8 in 2018. In 2017, Wallan biology (27.5 per cent) and Sénofie (23.3 per cent) together accounted for more than half of the total, and Beijing, Changchun and Changchun biological batch issuances were close to 10-15 per cent; and in 2018, due to the counterfeiting of long-lived vaccines.
With four-priced influenza vaccine on the market, the market has risen to 42.2%, and the flu vaccine market has become more concentrated. Assuming that four-priced vaccine is more than 60% of the replacement rate for three-priced vaccine, the price of the current four-priced influenza vaccine is around $100, and 2018.
In the long run, with the gradual replacement of the four-priced influenza vaccine against the three-priced vaccine and an increase in the country’s vaccination rate, it is expected to be more than 10 billion. Second, the company’s agent, Mossadón, has five types of cervical cancer vaccine (including four and nine prices), five-price rotavirus vaccine, and 23-price lung.
1. hpv cervical cancer vaccine (four + nine prices), with an assumed sales volume of 8.5 million, 12.5 million, 15.5 million and a four-priced unit price of $798 per dose and a nine-price unit price of $1,298 per dose in 2019-2021;
Interest rates were 37 per cent, 36 per cent and 35 per cent respectively for three years (taking into account the low Hpv ratio of nine, with a slight increase in the ratio); 5-priced rotavirus vaccine, with sales of 4 million, 5.2 million and 6.5 million respectively in 2019-2021; sales price assumed; 23-priced pneumonia vaccine, with sales of 1.45 million, 1.6 million and 1.8 million respectively in 2019-2021, with sales price assumed
Hepatitis A vaccine, sold in 2019-2021 at 650,000, 300,000 and 400,000 respectively, with an assumed sales price of 202 yuan/II. The company ' s own products consist mainly of six types: the ac-hib III vaccine, the ac-menococcal multi-sugar combination vaccine, the haemophilus influenzae b vaccine, the card treatment product, and the brand-new cow bisculinium vaccine vaccine and the ec diagnostic reagent in 2020.
ac-hib Triple vaccines sold in 2019-2021 at 5.8 million, 800,000 and 0 million respectively (assuming ace meningococcal multi-sugar vaccine in 2020-2021 at 250,000, 3 million and 3.6 million respectively in 2019-2021; as a result of the production of the haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine, sales in 2019-2021 at 700,000 and 3.6 million, respectively; as a result of products)
(acyw group 135 meningococcal multi-sugar vaccines, sold in 2019-2021 at 1 million, 5 million and 5.5 million, respectively; new cow sub-couples vaccine, expected to be marketed in the first half of 2020, start tendering and market access, expected to be marketed in 2020-2021, new ec diagnostic products in the first half of 2020, start bidding and market access, and start screening from government and student groups
Two-fold rabies vaccine, expected to complete three clinical phases in 2020, expected to be marketed on a trial basis in 2021, assumed four-priced influenza vaccine in 2021, expected three clinical rounds in 2020, expected to be marketed on a trial basis in 2021, assumed value-added tax assumptions to be taken into account for sale in 2021, sales and reported revenues: due to a reduction in value-added tax to 13 per cent from 1 April 2019, we assume that
With the strongest vaccine sales team in the country, the company’s own product lines have continued to grow, with heavy weights, through increased research and development in recent years, and the company’s own product lines have continued to grow at a high rate of 30% or more since 2020. The company’s agent, HPv cervical cancer, has a medium- and long-term perspective, and several heavy pounds of products are expected to be on the market in the next three years to support the long-term growth of the smart-flying organisms.
Long, the new ec diagnostic reagent and the cow branch bacterium vaccine started to be marketed in 2020, and the next two-fold rabies vaccine, four-priced flu vaccine, is expected to be on the market in 2021, with a massive stream of new products continuously released. At the same time, the company’s intellectual investment (10% of the stock of the listed company) has produced a number of students outside the body, such as car-t, single anti-drugs, diabetic tubes, etc.
The start-up of pharmaceuticals is expected to feed into the company’s long-term strategic development at a time when the project is nearing maturity. Negotiations with the Mercerton Cooperation Agreement have fallen short of expectations in terms of prices; and the sale of hpv cervical cancer and pentavalent rotavirus vaccines has fallen short of expectations;
(c) Risks such as less than expected clinical progress for the two-fold rabies vaccine and the four-priced influenza vaccine.
The team was given “Tian address: Guangzhou International Finance Center, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City, 5th Floor” after five years of experience in stock analysis.