The Māori rate is at an all-time high, and the 1-quarter review of 2021 is on April 19th, 2021.
Net profits increased by 2.67 times that year, exceeding expectations. In the first quarter of 2021, the company achieved operating income, Lee Longhai, which increased by 2.67 times that year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies netted off non-recurring gains and losses
Prices of company-owned business products increased more than year-on-year, with a single-quarter combined Māori rate at an all-time high. In the first quarter of 2021, the production of primary business products fertilizer, organamine, acetic acid and intermediates, acetic acid and derivatives and polyols was 68.999 million tons, 14.17 million tons, 11.23 million tons, 13.65 per cent, respectively.
The high growth in the same year was the main reason for the growth in corporate profits. In the first quarter of 2021, company aggregate gross (ttm) production of organamine and adipic acid increased faster because of the company ' s 100,000 tons of dmf technology improvement project.
The company’s ability to control the equipment and to sell the products.
Corporate fertilizer production has declined, reflecting the company’s flexible co-production advantage. In a situation where other chemical products have increased significantly in profitability, companies have reduced urea production and increased the production of other products in order to maximize benefits.
On January 15, 2021, the company announced a capital investment by the holding company: 1) a project for a park gas platform, with a total projected investment of $5,924 million for a construction period of one million tonnes/year urea, 1 million tonnes/year acetic acid, 150,000 tonnes/year methamine and 150,000 tonnes/year.
Investment advice. With clean gasification technology, the company focused on the integrated use of resources, building a “one-line” revolving economy flexible multi-product business model that can be adjusted in a timely manner in line with changes in the product market, overhauling production patterns and product structures to maximize benefits. As the economy warms, oil prices re-enter.
This rating system's “market index” is referred to by 300 indexes. I am qualified or well-qualified by the Chinese Securities Association to offer securities investment advice, with a diligent, professional attitude and independent and objective knowledge of what I know.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.