The Centre for Resource and Environmental Research has significantly increased the profitability of its products, and the company is both robust and growth-dependent.
On 17 April, the company issued a quarterly report, and in the first quarter of 2021 it achieved operating income of $5.03 billion, an increase of 69.09 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of $1,576 million for the mother, an increase of 266.84 per cent in the same year.
The combination of domestic and external demand continued to recover, and prices of a large number of chemical products went up, corporate demand for agriculture, chemical dual-line products sustained well, high product levels led to a significant increase in corporate product profitability, with the overall Māori ratio reaching 40.27 per cent in one quarter, nearly double that of four quarters, with the exception of a few products that were routinely short-lived.
In addition to the temporary overhauls, the company ' s products are operating at a high capacity while benefiting from the company ' s technologically expanded dmf production capacity, as well as from the production of the CP2 project, and the sales ring ratio of the two major business products continues to rise.
Keeping cost advantages on a continuous basis and continuing to optimize the layout of the industrial chain.
This is a stable production. By further optimizing the structure of the use of raw materials, the company has led to further savings in production costs, while new projects have been built on existing projects and processes, resulting in further cost optimization.
Acid projects optimized the process matching of existing projects, technologically expanded part of dmf to replace old and old production capacity, improved production efficiency, and products such as ethanol by producing herbic acid enriched the existing chain of devices.
The second base is expected to accelerate its layout, with robust growth and growth advantages. The company began laying its base north by the end of 2020, and has been moving forward since the first quarter, trying to speed up the base layout, phase 1.
5. " Low-oil Coalification Industry Pressure, Cost Sufficiency Guarantee Base " , for the second base, through the construction of the company ' s existing traditional niche products, urea, acetic acid and organochlorine products
Through the layout of existing projects, companies can benefit from the return of profits from the rise in barriers to the coal industry on the one hand.
The company is more resilient to the risks of cyclical fluctuations, breaking out of the long-term development bottlenecks through the new base.
Chenyi3@gjzq.com.cn Base 2 has not progressed as expected: the impact of policy changes: the risk of large fluctuations in raw materials and products.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment