q1 was the best season of performance, and the Qingzhou base moved ahead in an orderly manner Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) On April 17, Warluheungl issued the First Quarterly Report 2021. According to the announcement, First Quarter 2021
• High performance in beneficiary sectors, with a large increase in the performance of q1 in relation to the same ring (2021q1), with the company achieving a gross profit of 2,014 million yuan, an increase of 151.12 per cent in relation to the same year, and an overall Māori rate of 40.26 per cent, mainly as a result of a significant increase in product prices and a similar increase in the sale of organamine products
; sales costs of $11 million, a decrease of 89.4 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the non-diversion of transport costs into “contract performance costs” in the previous period; administrative costs of $43 million, an increase of 38.4 per cent in the same year, mainly due to increased costs of hiring intermediaries; and research and development costs of $56 million, a decrease of 34.3 per cent in the same period;
This is mainly due to changes in the R & D structure and a decrease in the cost-effective R & D expenditure. The cash (capital expenditure) paid by companies for fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets was $629 million, and the Quality Improvement Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Q & Quality Quality Q & Q & Q & Q Q & Q Q & Q & Q Q & Q Q Q & Q & Q & Q Q Q & Q & Q Q & Q & Q Q & Q Q & Q Q & Q Q Q Q & Q Q Q Q Q Q & Q Q Q Q & Q Q Q Q Q & & Q & Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q & Q Q Q Q Q Q Q & Q Q Q Q Q & Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q & Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q & Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q
Compared to 2001, the share of the fertilizer plate was equal, with the rest of the product harvest increasing significantly in the same year; tons of tons, 70.3 per cent more and 17.2 per cent more in the ring; acetic acid and derivative plates were adjusted for the Māori rate of the product and maximized profit.
The project is progressing well, according to the fire-marking network.
On 9 April, the announcement of the transfer of ownership of State-owned land for construction in Jiang Mai County showed that the company had acquired land for construction of projects; on 12 April, the company ' s gas-powered platform and the integrated use of synthetic gas at the base in Chenzhou
3. The impact of the three-quarter overhaul has declined slightly, and it is good to note that the bid results from the tender for project design have been published. (1) A total of $5.9 billion has been invested in the park gas-powered platform, which is about 2 million tons of ammonia equivalent in gas.
The construction period is expected to be 36 months. The project is based on coal, using state-of-the-art multi-pesser water gasification technology with autonomous intellectual property rights, with the construction of four gas incinerators and accessories (three open one) and the construction of two empty sub-devices, three high-temperature high-pressure coal boilers and public engineering facilities.
The project will continue the low-cost advantage of the Texas base, which is expected to generate considerable profits after delivery, meeting the requirements of large-scale installation and reliability. tons of synthetic ammonia and 800,000 tons of methanol; 380,000 tons of liquid ammonia, 1 million tons of urea and 1 million tons of urea for sale.
Acetic acid, 150,000 tons dmf, etc., with an expected construction period of 36 months. The project is based on synthetic gas, using advanced high-efficiency synthesis and low-energy urea processes to build 1 million tonnes/year urea production units; and 1 million tonnes/year acetic acid production plants using advanced methanol synthesizing technologies.
The project will take full advantage of the company ' s experience in gasification and multi-product process production, using advanced low-pressure synthetic organamines, exposure production dmf technologies and the construction of 150,000 tonnes/year methamine and 150,000 tonnes/year dmf production devices; and the corresponding combination of ammonia refrigeration, sulphur recovery and utility engineering facilities,
China, China, South China, with its vastly radioactive base, is a second base that allows companies to gain a competitive advantage by approaching the downstream regional market, working with Texas’s headquarters and Qingzhou’s base.
Investment in the project is not as fast as expected; approval of the project is not as fast as expected; prices of raw materials and products
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.