In the event of a steady increase in earnings and a good overall business performance: China-China Photovoltaics report 2018, with revenues of $7.816 billion, an increase of 22.86 per cent over the same period, a net profit of $954 million for mothers, an increase of 15.56 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of $885 million for non-mothers.
▪ Overall: Revenue profits have grown robustly. From the profit sheet, net return profits have increased less than income gains, as the Māori rate has also decreased for all categories of products under Māori, but they are still within reasonable range compared to historical levels.
In addition, company sales and management (R & D) cost rates are stable, financial fees are operating well and performance is growing robustly each year.
In addition to the supplementary information in the statement of cash flows, the increase in inventory and accounts receivable is the main reason for the lower operating net cash flow.
Lower operating cash flows are common because the military’s peak of 2017 has passed, and the mainframe’s share of upstream payments.  Individual client orders have fallen short of expectations, and associated transactions have declined.
The company ' s associated sales of goods to the China-China industrial group in 2018 amounted to $1.13 billion, and the ratio of actual to projected amounts declined markedly. According to the announcement, the difference between the actual and projected sales of goods was mainly due to the fact that individual customers had not been able to increase their sales contracts in 2018.
▪ Equity incentive phase II locking conditions are met 1, China Light Power (002179); q3 is in good condition and income profits are increasing rapidly
The company implemented equity incentives in January 2017, locked in for two years, unlocked for three years, about to grow robustly, keeping in mind the company's long-term development,3 and Business 2017 is doing well and performing well.
We believe that the company connector business can benefit from downstream military engineering, communications, new energy vehicles, and we look forward to the company’s development prospects and maintain an “upscaling” rating. There is increasing competition in the industries of origin, communications, etc.
Incident: China PV released in 2018, yielding revenues of $7,816 million, an increase of 22.86 per cent in the same year, mother ' s net profit of $954 million, an increase of 15.56 per cent in the same year, and non-mother ' s net profit of $885 million, an increase of 14.48 per cent in the same year. Companies achieved operating income of $7,816 million, an increase of 22.86 per cent in the same year, and mother ' s net profit of $954 million, an increase in the same year.
On the profit table, the net return profit increase was lower than the income increase, as a result of the decline in the Māori rate, the combined Māori rate, but still within a reasonable range compared to historical levels, with little volatility. In addition, corporate sales and management (R & D) fees were more stable and financial cost rates were significantly reduced, mainly as a result of exchange rate fluctuations in the United States dollar.
Business performance was good and performance grew robustly in 2018. The increase in orders and the non-maturity of notes led to a decline in cash flows.
A single-volume increase in the amount paid for goods purchased by an enterprise is due to an increase of 34.72% over the previous period and the fact that the bills are not due. From cash flows, companies are upstream of the military industrial chain, operating net cash flows are smaller than net profits in most years, and, in conjunction with China, electricity and China Electronics cash flows in 2018 show fewer operating cash flows in 2018.
It's a common phenomenon, because the military's borrowing peak of 2017 has passed, and the mainframe's share of the upstream. Individual client orders have fallen short of expectations, and the associated transactions have declined.
The percentage of amounts accounted for has decreased significantly, and according to the bulletin, the difference between the actual and projected sales of goods is mainly due to the fact that individual clients have not been able to increase their contracts in 2018.
In January 2017, the company introduced equity incentives, locked for two years, unlocking for three years, which is about to be unlocked in early 2019, and we believe that the company's connector business can benefit from a few hundred million dollars in downstream military engineering, communications, new-energy cars, 30 times, 25 times, and 21 times. We look at the company's development prospects and maintain an “uptake” rating.
Downstream model R & D processes associated with military connector products are not as expected; new energy vehicles, communications, etc.