The industry view this week: the downward pressure on the economy has highlighted concerns about “stable growth”-related engineering machinery, high-track interfaces, and there is still some downward pressure on the Chinese economy; on the domestic demand side, the mechanical industry, as a middle-class industry heavily dependent on downstream investment, is likely to slow down the pace of investment.
We believe that, in order to stabilize economic growth, the policy dimension may contribute directly to the growth of investment in infrastructure, which will directly contribute to engineering machinery and high-rail bearings 1) engineering machinery: capital growth is expected to re-emerge and objectively contribute to the demand of the engineering and machinery industry; quality of products, services and import substitution will continue;
Heavy machinery and concrete machinery are expected to take over from excavating machines into the high-scene zone (the cycle lags behind the pace of excavation + the “triple” standard vehicle phase-out). Moreover, it is worth noting that the increase in income has been accompanied by a more rapid increase, with significant and sustained improvement in the corporate financial indicators since 2017q4 and 2018q1. It is recommended that attention be paid to three-time jobs. 2) High-track trades: the 2019 National Conference on Transport was held in Kyoto, and announced the completion of investment of $792 billion in our railways in 2018, well beyond the year.
As a product of industry week, with policy foresight and initial planning of $732 billion, the conference proposed that “the country's transport is still in a golden period of infrastructure development, improved service levels and transformational development.” We believe that market hot spots, industries are deeply integrated and pursued.
Driven by stable economic growth at the policy level, fixed capital investment in railways will remain at a high level in 2019, which will directly benefit the high-track interface. Investors who are advised to focus on absolute returns have an important reference value.
[Excellent push] The industry covers the best in the company, with one to two shares per period.
\triangleright, \twixt photovoltaic.
They believe that these stock movements will significantly outpace the market, with an accelerated and sustained upturn in performance in the first and third quarters of 2018. In the first three quarters of 2018, corporate data communications, defense market operations, rapid growth in international market operations, and new energy.
The source automobile business grew steadily, and the company achieved operating income of $5.775 billion, an increase of 28.34 per cent in the same year. The net profit attributable to the parent company was $697 million, an increase of the same year.
10.75 per cent of the net profit earned by the parent company, or 13.90 per cent of the same increase. During the reporting period, the increase in the sales of low Māori-rate products was lower than the revenue growth rate, owing to the fact that some of the new products developed by the company had not yet been put into production, and the increase in the sales of low Māori-rate products in House No. 9 in the West Side of Beijing.
By contrast, the company ' s financial cost rate fell from 1.24 per cent to -0.32 per cent in the same period the previous year, with three rates falling by 2.19 pct. It is a matter of concern that 2018q3 achieved operating income of 2,190 million yuan, rising from 3.86 per cent in the single season to 49.31 per cent in the single season, from 30.88 per cent in the 2018q1 period, and from 49.31 per cent in the 2018q3 period; the net profits attributable to the parent in the single season were reversed by positive or negative results.
Net negative. The significant increase in the “cash for goods and services” of the 2018q3 company is due mainly to late settlement of some clients, which has led to an increase in the company's stock. Overall, insufficient performance of the company throughout the year has been negatively affected.3 Civil-military integration is deepening, and innovation is driving company development. During the reporting period, companies strengthened their marketing systems, deepened strategic cooperation with key clients, and fully protected.
In addition, the company’s share of the international civil high-end market continues to rise: it helped China’s first private self-research rocket, “Gongqing” – a successful premiere; it gained the recognition of a number of mainstream international customers in the area of new energy vehicles; it deepened its operational cooperation with global communications; it continued to grow rapidly in the areas of rail transport, industry, energy, medical care, etc.; and it continued its in-depth study of the high downstream capacity, potential and changes in connection.
During the reporting period, companies optimized the science, technology and innovation system mechanisms and increased investment. Market-oriented promotion of the development of core connectivity technology and strategic platform products, intensive participation in and ownership of international and domestic industry standard-setting, hosting of a number of important industry meetings, such as the First China Workshop on Interconnection of Carborne Information Systems, and increasing the voice of the industry.
Integration and promotion of core manufacturing capabilities.4 Implementation of equity incentives, 2018 performance targets are clear. On January 18, 2017, the China-China PV Review adopted the first phase of the Long-Term Incentives Plan for Restricted Stocks, which culminated in studies on the accelerated and accelerated pace of performance and deepening of civil-military integration. 2018.10.26.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.