Performance grew steadily, with the implementation of the civil-military integration strategy on 21 March 2019, 22.86 per cent; the net return return profit was $954 million, an increase of 15.56 per cent over the previous year.
In 2018, the company achieved an operating income of $7,816 million, an increase of 22.86 per cent over the previous 17 years, followed by a substantial increase after a decline; the net return profit of $954 million, an increase of 15.56 per cent over the same period, continued its double-digit growth.
The main reason for this is the faster and larger growth in corporate goods. Expenditure on R & D has increased by 31.22% compared to 31.22%, which has helped companies to upgrade their skills and break foreign monopolies into autonomous intellectual property.
In the reporting period, the company continued to consolidate and upgrade its military industries.
In keeping with the national priorities, the company provides interconnection solutions for more than 80% of the total ag600 aircraft; it helps to boost our first private rocket, Chongqing, the Star of the Two Rivers, with more than 600 connector products.
The 5g industry is getting more mature, and the communications business is expected to grow, and the company's communications business accounts for about half of its public income, with its main clients, Hwa, Naking, Samsung, and so on. During the reporting period, the company won the country's only share of “global gold medal suppliers” and contributed to the world's first 5g.
Millions of yuan, or 56.7 per cent more than 4g, have been fully involved in the preparatory project of the mainstream communications equipment provider, 5g, and as the commercialization process accelerates, there is considerable scope for future development.
\triangleright is the country’s first connector company involved in new energy vehicles, with downstream customers including Jianghuai, Biadei, Woo-Tung, among others, who are well-known car companies, mainly in commercial vehicles and a0 or more.
In accordance with the State Department's Summary Report 1. Medium-Smart Light Electricity: Performance Development Plan, the annual production of new energy vehicles will reach 2 million vehicles and 5 million vehicles will be kept by 2020.
Growth is expected, military connector leaders are up by over 40% over the next three years. With the rapid growth of the new energy automobile industry, the company ' s new energy automobile business is growing steadily, and civil-military integration is a model.
3. Summary of research on PV (002179), including mid- and senior-level management, technical and core operational personnel, for a total of 266 persons, valid for five years.
Connector leaders, civil-military integration on an ongoing basis Power incentives to bind companies to core employee interests contribute to increasing employee motivation and efficiency in the company's operations.
Growth is somewhat higher than expected, civil-military integration is deepening, companies have been farming for years in the field of connectors, and we look forward to long-term company development. The company’s average pers for 2019-2021 is expected to be 36x, with a “recommended” rating.
1. Unexpected orders for military goods;2 unanticipated sales of new energy vehicles;3 slow pace of expansion of overseas operations;
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,