Sindha ' s Industry Perspective > This Week: Focusing on engineering machinery related to “stable growth”, turn-over equipment plates, better-resilient lithium electrical equipment plates 1) Engineering Machinery: According to IAEM data, the total volume of excavators sold in February was 18745, an increase of 69 per cent, with domestic sales.
In terms of structure, the market for excavators ' national products was 59.3% in January-February, up from 3.0 pct in 2018 and up from 4.4 pct and 0.9 pct in the trio and Xu Engineering Machinery, respectively; the shares of Japanese and Euro-American brands continued to contract from 2018, at 13.3% and 15.9%, respectively, down by 1.9 pct and 1.2 pct; The shares of Korean brands were equal to 11.6% in 2018, and the Government ' s 2019 report on the work of the industry proposed that the railways would be invested in a total of 80 billion yuan,
Road and water transport investments of $1.8 trillion to start a number of major water projects; speed up the construction of the Kawasaki railway and increase investment in infrastructure such as inter-city transport, logistics, municipalities, disaster prevention and management, and civil and general aviation, with capital investment prospects that will ensure that the sales of engineering machinery remain high. The former chief economist has accepted the continuation of the media policy of steady annual growth, and the performance of the engineering and mechanical plates is expected to continue to improve on the basis of a high benchmark in 2018.
First three heavy workers (600031.sh), second-line Dragonhead Willows (000528.sz), high-altitude platform Dragon Dynasty (603338.sh), core parts of engineering machinery Provider rhesus hydraulic pressure (60110.sh), Eddie precision (603638.sh), large-scale on-orbit equipment recommended attention to the iron and steel industry (600528.sh), Chinese vehicles [with outstanding promotions] for the weekly industrial product, gathering policy forwards,
(601766.sh) Market hot spots, industry depths are integrated and have important reference value for investors seeking absolute returns.
2) Lithium electric equipment: In the lead-up period, due to market concerns about lower-than-expected discounts in the new energy sub-sector, and hence pressure on the new energy industry chain, we believe that taking into account the continuing trend in the expansion of the production of big lithium batteries such as Ning Germany and Biadei, 2019 and 2020 were the peak periods for more definitive lithium electricity expansion, and the capacity of lithium electric equipment to produce it.
In addition, unlike in 2017 and the first half of 2018, as a result of continued shuffling in the lithium power industry, the bargaining power of the tap lithium power plant has increased. While the lithium battery industry still faces a pattern of structural overcapacity, the surplus is mainly due to backward low-end production and high-end output changes, followed-up points are evaluated, and reasons are given if shares change is proposed.
The demand is still on, and the size of the market for and collection of excellent lithium power plants continues to rise rapidly with the shuffling of the lithium battery industry. We suggest focusing on Ninder for the next three months, where I have a multi-dimensional and more resilient lead intelligence (3004550.sz), full-line tap technology (300457.sz) and coating equipment (300.340.sz).
They think these stock movements are going to be a significant victory over the market.
Building 1 of 9 Town Street in Beijing City West Side, 002179.sz \triangleright
On February 27, 20, 2019, China launched a performance announcement, and in 2018 the company seized market opportunities to enhance new market openings and the spread of new products, achieving high growth in international operations; and maintaining steady and rapid growth in areas such as domestic data transmission and communications equipment, new energy vehicles, and defence. Operating revenues of $7,816 million were realized throughout the year, an increase of 22.86 per cent compared with 22.86 per cent. The net profit attributable to the parent company was $954 million, an increase of 15.56 per cent compared with 15.56 per cent.
The main reason for the lower rate of growth than the growth in revenue was a certain change in the structure of the company ' s products and an increase in the share of low-māori product sales.2 Civil-military integration is deepening, and innovation is driving corporate development. During the reporting period, companies strengthened their marketing systems, deepened their strategic collaboration with priority clients, built up the demand for comprehensive protective equipment, and continued consolidation and upgrading of the company ' s industrial position in the military-industrial sector. In addition, the company ' s share of high-end international civil markets is increasing:
Li, China's first private research rocket, “Gongqing and the Star of the River”; obtaining recognition from a number of mainstream international customers in the area of new energy vehicles; deepening business cooperation with global communications; sustaining rapid growth in the fields of rail transport, industry, energy, medical care; and continuing to study in depth the market areas with high downstream capacity, potential and potential of connectors in order to actively plan and nurture new growth points that support the future long-term development of the civilian industry. During the reporting period, the company optimized the science, technology and innovation system and expanded its research.
Market-oriented promotion of core connectivity technology and strategic platform product development, intensive participation in and leadership of international and domestic industry standard-setting, hosting of a number of important industry meetings, such as the first China workshop on interconnectivity of vehicle-borne information systems, and progressive upgrading of the voice of the industry.
3. Implementation of equity incentives, 2018 performance targets are clear. On 18 January 2017, China PV Review adopted the first phase of the Long-Term Incentive Scheme for Restrictive Stock, which concluded with research on the following: the acceleration of the performance rate and the deepening of civil-military integration. 2018.10.26. The second quarter saw a marked recovery in performance and the deepening of civil-military integration.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.