Performance growth was slightly higher than expected, with civil-military integration deepening by 22.86 per cent; net return profit of $954 million was achieved, an increase of 15.56 per cent over the same period.
In 2018, the company achieved a net return of 954 million yuan, an increase of 15.56 per cent over the previous year, with a slightly faster than forecasted performance ceiling, mainly due to the company seizing market opportunities and enhancing new market openings and product promotion, with international industry achieving high growth, domestic data transmission and communication equipment, new energy vehicles, defence, etc.
In a single season, a net return of $257 million was achieved in the fourth quarter, an increase of 32 per cent compared with the previous three quarters. The profit release was significantly accelerated, with a steady increase in performance throughout the year.
In the reporting period, the company continued to consolidate and upgrade its military industries.
In the future, it is expected that the company’s military operations will continue to be sustained, benefiting from the increasing cost of the National Defence Force and the effect of military restructuring on the elimination of the 13.5 “pre- and post-scaling” industry.
5g is getting closer and communications are expected to reach the point where the company accounts for about half of the revenue from its communications business, with major clients including Hwa, Naking, Samsung, etc. During the reporting period, Cz80 series rru maintenance windows were developed by the company itself to serve as live wire connectors.
The base station demands transmission power. The three operators have accelerated the layout of 5g, and the 5g timetable has been published successively. Both plans are to achieve pre-commercialization by 2019 and commercialization by 2020. Experts predict that the 5g project is being developed in the country, and that there is much scope for future development as the commercialization process accelerates.
\triangleright is the country's first connector company involved in new energy cars, with downstream clients including Jianghuai, Biadei, Woo-Tung.
According to the Medium- and Long-Term Development Plan for the Car Industry, published by the State Council, the annual production of new energy vehicles will reach 2 million vehicles by 2020, with 1.
Growth is expected, and the leadership of the military connector is expected to provide a new profit growth point. Equity incentives are being successfully implemented to improve the efficiency of the company’s operations.
A steady increase in the number of civil-military integration models targeted at mid- and senior-level managers, technical and operational core personnel, for a total of 266 personnel, valid for five years.
The power incentives that bind companies to core employee interests help to increase employee motivation and efficiency in the company’s operations. Connector leaders, civil-military integration continues to push the company through the field of connectors for years, and we look forward to long-term corporate development.
An average of 37 x is given a “recommended” rating.1 Military orders are not as high as expected;2 new energy vehicles are not sold as expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.