Four-quarter, single-quarter profit, mid-season PV (002179), annual rating. 1. Four-quarters, single-quarter profit growth is significantly faster than recovery, and one-quarter performance is expected to be higher than expected.
During the entire year of 2018, the company achieved operating income of $7,816 million (+22.86 per cent), attributable to the net profit of shareholders in the listed company of $954 million (+15.56 per cent), with a basic gain of $1.22 per share. In the fourth quarter, the company achieved operating income of $2,041 million, an increase of 9.60 per cent, a net return of $257 million, an increase of 31.18 per cent, and a profit increase of 31.18 per cent in the fourth quarter of the first quarter, which significantly exceeded the growth rate.
Second, first, product structure changes and new products developed and developed start production in some areas in the fourth quarter. In the first three quarters, the lower Māori industry increased revenue faster than military goods, while in the last quarter, Māori higher revenues were recognized or improved on a monthly basis, while the low Māori ratio declined on a monthly basis; and second, corporate incomes continued to grow while benefiting from the impact of the United States dollar exchange rate fluctuations.
In 2018, the company’s Māori rate was 32.56%, a decline of 2.48 percentage points from the previous year, and we judge that the main reason for this is that the increase in public income was greater than the increase in military income and that the Māori ratio itself was slightly lower. The net cash flow from operating activities has declined significantly, mainly because of higher cash payments to employees and higher cash payments to employees, and that the cash flow from operating activities will improve significantly in the future.
Looking ahead to a quarterly report, we judge that the company has a quarter or an intention to catch up, recognizing income. On the one hand, contracts that were compressed in December last year as a result of the completion of several sub-sectors and year-round targets are expected to be released centrally in the first quarter of this year, leading to an increase in income; on the other hand, the increase in management costs associated with the large pay and bonus payments by research and development staff last quarter, which this year was a year of equal or marginal improvement.
At the same time, the company discloses in its annual report that a gold dividend of $1.30 per 10 shares (including taxes) has been identified to all shareholders and that the capital reserve has been transferred to all shareholders by three shares per 10 shares.
\triangleright reported on December 20, last year that the authorities were adjusting the catalogue of permits for the production of weapons and equipment, and that the scope of the permits would be reduced. In our view, the impact of the tax is neutral, compared to the ability to transfer, and the core is still of good quality and good value for the second- and third-class package.
It is argued that even if some of the future products are excluded from the tax-free catalogue of military goods, there will be little impact on the company’s profitability: first of all, no value-added tax will necessarily be levied on products that are within the scope of the permit catalogue without the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom. Products that meet the tax-exempt conditions for military goods, in addition to the built-in catalogue, are subject to tax-exempt conditions.
Second, even if a value-added tax is required, the amount of the tax depends on the relationship with a downstream customer. For example, a percentage of the company and the grid floats.
Third, the country’s future or nurturing electronic components are autonomously controlled, such as a catalogue of military exemption permits, accompanied by supportive policies or co-publishing. We believe that the previous stock prices overstate the pessimistic expectations of value-added tax events, and that the stock prices are highly configured.
3. The liberalization of the catalogue is aimed at introducing private firms to compete in the market, and the \triangleright scenario will continue. Companies will minimize their adverse effects by negotiating with downstream customers, reducing efficiency gains, etc. We believe that industry leaders are the largest.
The advantage lies in the sustainability of income (or orders) and the market competitive advantage of products (with a certain right to price), and even in competition with a large number of private enterprises, companies are expected to maintain Māori and increase their market share in the future, by two means: first, creating new demand for customers by increasing technological difficulties and systems. Companies have innovative genes that can create new demand for customers (new markets), for example, by increasing their products.
Technical difficulties (resistance against electromagnetic interference, electrical performance compared to the connections on advanced military aircraft abroad) to expand the application landscape, or to promote products that are more integrated (a combination of multiple types of connectors on one panel, such as integrated equipment installation cabinets) and to increase their market share at the same time as the cost of their clients is reduced. Second, in the context of the military pricing reform, smaller approximators are annexed.
The main plant may be subject to price pressure on suppliers at the upstream electronics level, while smaller appliancers will not be able to reduce their costs too much because they do not have economies of scale and choice for suppliers, or will face a reshuffle of the industry. Companies are expected to raise their market share by annexing smaller appliancers.
We believe that, in conjunction with the implementation of compensatory orders and the expansion of the three-year incremental orders after 13, the contracts and revenues in 2018 are still expected to remain stable and increase faster. According to our grass-roots research, the military changes have affected the subsectors or were not identical, and the main station equipment is more affected by the military changes.
Small. We see that in 2019 the aviation, naval, weapons, and other sub-sectors continued to grow at a high rate, while the electronics industry or a larger number of complementary orders. At the same time, we believe that companies are more innovating their genes in terms of military goods, that new products with exclusive supply rights (single value added and higher gross interest rates) are relatively high, and that future levels of downstream production Māori are still expected to remain high.
China PV was the focus of our team, which was killed wrongly as a result of rumours about the restructuring of the weapons-equipment production catalogue, and since December 18, we have published several reports (Speeds from the 1218 PV market: Basics are robust, Adjustments are good opportunities to buy, Declines in 1220 rethinking, Exchanges in 1220 PV, Incident Point 1224 PV (002179).
Review: Repurchase shares shows confidence, digestion and a strong allocation value) and firmly states that short-term policy digestion has a very high allocation value, with company stock prices rebounding close to 30% since the low of 21 December. At this point, we remain firmly committed to the company, which is expected to remain stable in 2019 and to accelerate its release, while the quarterly report is expected to be overmarketed, suggesting active participation.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the delivery of weapons and equipment at a slower pace than expected, the impact of VAT at a higher rate than expected, and the effect of military pricing reforms at a higher rate than expected.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East, the research assistant's brief.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.