The two kings' strategy continues to move forward: the company issued its tri-quarter report in 2018, with a harvest of 3,939 million in the first three quarters.
The deduction of non-net profits was $732 million, an increase of 15.97 per cent over the same period; of that amount, operating income was 1,466 million yuan in the third quarter, an increase of 22.95 per cent over the same period; the return to the mother ' s net profit was $298 million, a robust performance with a net gain of 15.97 per cent. As the product ' s income structure changed, the market
For reasons such as competition, the cost increase was greater than the income increase, and the Māori rate fell by 2.14 pct on a year-on-year basis, but remained at a higher level in the industry. Reduced non-operational gains and losses and reductions in software refunds affected net profits, resulting in a net profit increase of 15.97% after deduction, with overall robust performance.
General automated operations generated $1,825 million, compared to 32.87 per cent, a further increase of 29 per cent over the previous six months; industrial robotics, industrial visuals maintained a higher rate of growth due to a smaller base, total equity/flow (million shares)
We maintain the idea that the recovery in industrial controls will continue with total market value/flow (millions of dollars) and that the State will invest in industrial upgrading, expanding domestic demand, and “strength investment” to “strengthen investment”
In the context of the 12-month cap/minimum fee conversion, this shift is fundamentally different from the 2010 recovery. The import replacement space for re-frequencys, servers, etc. is still large, as a leading company in the core technology of industrial robotics.
Industry-controlled industry depth report: economic recovery will increase faster than industry average. 445 million new energy automobile business revenues, +19.44 per cent, are higher than in the first half of the year.
The downside, mainly due to the impact of the subsidy transition period, was a decline in the July-September data for Wootong, and according to the China-China Air Association, commercial cars started to grow in September. The logistics and passenger cars were relatively good, and the public sector became the leading power plant in the country, pushing ahead with the mainstream car.
There are now multiple vehicle types, which are expected to generate more than $100 million in revenue this year, and future markets are empty, and railings are full of orders and entering revenue recognition. Successively marked in 2018, the Bo, Su, and Guiyang projects have achieved multiple out-of-place orders and are now over 1.3 billion.
Based on the progress of the company's winning project, the rate of revenue recognition is expected to accelerate. Financial position is good. Net cash flows from operating activities are positive, leaving a balance of $1,553 million for “other current assets” +155.85 per cent of the year, mainly for deposits and financial management.
According to the pool business, it is expected to be better targeted for operations that measure large votes, such as new energy cars, and that investment in research and development will continue to grow. This compares with +25.19%, it is worth mentioning that research and development deductions are compared to investment proposals.
It's a model of development, and it's highly resistant to the risks of volatility in the industry.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.