General business growth reflects Alpha, the long-term layout of the electric vehicle 17 October 2018.
Within expectations, net profits were slightly lower than market expectations, and the main three-quarter Māori rates were higher than expected and cost increased. The impact of the non-recurring returns in the first three quarters of the year was estimated at 61 million  General Automated q3 revenue, which slowed down overall, but the cumulative orders in January-September continued to grow at a higher rate than expected.
At 40 per cent, general-purpose frequency growth was better than universal servers, while traditional manufacturing growth was still better, but advanced manufacturing was starting to weaken: pmi was above the radiance line for the year, with a shock of about 51 per cent; fixed capital investment in manufacturing continued to grow at a steeper rate, with manufacturing investment rising at the end of 16 years and at a 5 per cent rate in 17 years.
▪ The projected increase of around 30 per cent throughout the year is due to the fall in the third quarter of the post-transition period, the fall in the same year in the electronic operations of cars, and the projected increase of about 30 per cent in the first three quarters, followed by a follow-up increase in the production of 2818, 21707, and 9184 2018h1, respectively.
This year, there are dozens of fixed points, three model sales, one line, big car spaces.
It's a good brand, it's a company tour of the Euro-American Automobiles overseas, and it's through the three major public systems, the "Segawa Technologies" (300124): performance forecasts meet expectations, general automation and electricity.
▪ The same-year decline in the Māori rate in the third quarter was lower than expected, with cost increases in the first three quarters exceeding the increase in income, a strong growth in vehicle operations, a significant decrease in non-operational gains and losses and a reduction in software refunds affecting net profits.
Minority shareholder interests, integration of layout intelligence systems, for making + electric car "double kings" for corporate intelligence, with 40 times the price for 2019, the corresponding price is $36. Maintains the "buy-in" rating.
The profits were $299 million, an increase of 1.7 per cent over the same period, the eps of 0.18, the three-quarters forecast total income, a net profit of slightly lower than market expectations, and a higher than expected decline in the main three quarters and higher cost of the same year. In the first three quarters of the year, General Automation q3 income generally slowed down, but the cumulative purchase orders increased by more than 40 per cent in January-September, with general variations.
The growth rate is better than that of universal servers, while the growth of traditional manufacturing is still better, but advanced manufacturing is starting to weaken. It is clear that pmi is higher than Alpha in Hong Kong throughout the year, and that general automated operations as a whole have continued to grow by more than 40% over the first three quarters, while revenues have increased by 30%, with the growth of the general frequency transformer in three quarters being faster than in the first half of the year.
In the downstream sector, the growth of traditional manufacturing orders and revenues remained relatively strong, including metallurgy, lifts, textiles, etc., while growth in advanced manufacturing began to slow significantly, including 30, lithium, and industrial robotics, which began to decline sharply in the third quarter, from more than 30% to less than 10%.
Three quarters of industrial robotics have also fallen, although the overall base is small. And there is an increase in the side-products of a single elevator, but the Maori rate is under pressure.
The growth rate of 25-30 per cent during the six-month period continued to increase in the first three quarters, as automobile electronics declined in the third quarter of the second half of the transition period, and the increase in the first three quarters was in line with expectations, with an increase of around 30 per cent projected for the year as a whole, followed by a follow-up increase in the number of fixed and released vehicles.
With a volume of 2818, 21707, 9184 electric buses, an increase of 226 per cent in 2018h1 on a year-on-year basis, Wootong today accumulates 3100 vehicles, a decrease of 30 per cent in the same year-on-year ratio, and a marked decline in the electronics of vehicles in the third quarter, but a slight decrease in the electronics of vehicles is expected in the overall passenger fleet starting in the fourth quarter.
In the case of logistics vehicles, the excess sales of the policy in the first half of the year were small and started in September, and the overall volume of sales was not as high as expected, with 41,000 logistics vehicles sold in January-September, down by about 10 per cent from the same period, and the recovery of the logistics vehicles in the fourth quarter of this year would be less than last year, with the logistics vehicle as a whole projected at 100,000 and the market share of the company logistics vehicle sector expected to be lost.
Twenty per cent of the year was raised to more than 30 per cent, with a new generation of power-control units as a whole, and it is expected to remain in the area of passenger vehicles, with companies investing heavily in the development of vehicle-based power-control platforms having a promising effect. This year, there have been dozens of fixed points, three model sales in the country, one line of brands, Gilly, and the largest overseas Euro-American automobiles have come to the company.
The study, through the three major certifications of the popular system, shows good performance this year, with expected revenues of around 150 million, a country's first-line branding at the end of the year, a significant amount of use next year, and a year in 2020 with a significant increase in vehicle usage.
Since the beginning of the year, there have been more new orders for orbital traffic, with little revenue recognition starting in the third quarter of last year, so we expect a multifold increase in recognized orbital traffic revenues in the third quarter, with a significant increase expected throughout the year.
In the third quarter, the Māori rate fell significantly below expectations, with cost increases in the first three quarters exceeding income growth, non-operational gains and losses and reductions in software refunds affecting net profits. The decline in Māori rates for body and auto electronics was associated with increased competition for universal servers and elevators.
The decline in product prices has led to a decline in the Māori rate, with auto electronics mainly underpressive price reductions in passenger traffic, low rates of Māori in motor vehicles and, on the other hand, a lower overall Māori ratio, estimated to be associated with a faster growth in low Māori rates, including high-pressure frequency and orbital traffic, with a similar ratio projected for the fourth quarter.
The cost has risen significantly, and in 2018 there will be a sustained expansion of the electronic motor vehicle research and development team from 600 to 800 to 1,000 people in 2018. The increase in overhead and sales costs in the first half of the year is slightly less than the increase in revenue, but the cost of running and sales has declined in the last three quarters of the year, and this is the third quarter of the year.
The increase in management and sales costs, coupled with a slowdown in income in the third quarter, resulted in both management and sales in January-September and a marked increase in cost rates in the third quarter. In addition, lower non-recurrent gains and losses and lower tax refunds on software also affected the rate of profit growth.
A total of 92 million net profit margins, including Istun compensation and demolition compensation, were affected by this year ' s non-recurrent gains and losses of $128 million over the same period of 17 years, software refunds of $190 million in January-September 17 years and the growth of general automation and acupuncture-related operations in Hong Kong, despite the short-term slowdown in the construction-controlled climate and the slowing down of the growth of the general automation and acupuncture-related operations in January-August 18 years.
There is still a strong Alpha, where general automation has grown significantly better than peers, where universal frequency and servo products are becoming more competitive, and we still see several times the growth space in the medium term; in the area of new energy vehicles, companies continue to maintain exclusive collaboration and leading product positioning with Woo-ton, where the logistics sector has the first share, starting at the end of the revenue line.
Over-expected, more domestic fixes can be expected to be significant in terms of income by 2020, and we are all firmly convinced that the industry is not growing as much as expected, and that electric cars are not moving as fast as expected. Figure 5: General Automation and the industry are increasing at a higher rate than expected.
Figure 6: The cumulative increase in manufacturing investment, the three major financial projections for Hitchuan Technology, and the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc., have been completed by the Securities Investment Advisory Board.