The company published three-quarter reports in 2018, the company ' s revenue and net return profits in January-September 2018, respectively, which we believe is mostly due to the rapid decline in the Maori rate, the q3 rate in the previous three quarters.
The increase is faster and the Māori rate is lower than the overall Māori rate; 3) the elevator operation has fallen due to the rise in raw materials such as the electrical resistion capacitors.
This represents an increase of 23.7% and 20.1%, respectively, and is mainly due to the fact that the number of corporate R & D and management staff is still rising rapidly. Sub-operations show that elevators and generics perform well, with electric fluids and new energy vehicles growing faster.
General frequency q3 growth of 60.4 per cent led to a 37.7 per cent increase in the GF frequency in the first three quarters, with universal server and plc reaching 6.61 million, 146 million, an increase of 2.6 per cent and 22.7 per cent, respectively, in the previous three quarters, which benefited from an increase of 920 million, or 12.7 per cent, in the same period, compared with the previous three quarters.
Targeting; 380 million electric fluids, an increase of 8 per cent over the same period, mainly due to weak growth in the conservator industry; new energy vehicles, which have achieved a bulk supply of customers and are expected to earn more than 100 million a year, but logistics, cars and buses have lost $445 million in the overall new energy vehicle business, which is only increasing by the same time.
We continue to look at the development of corporate commons and new energy vehicles. Corporate q3 commons continue to grow steadily at a time when the operating environment is worse than in the first half of the year, highlighting the firm’s strong endogenous capacity.
The frequency q3 business is growing faster, judging by the company's breakthrough in the market for solutions such as metallurgy, chemicals, and the speed with which the orders are confirmed.
Energy use will continue and the overall new energy vehicle structure will be further improved. Risk of inadequate demand: supply stress risk for electronic components: new energy policy risk: inventory uplift risk Analysis of related report rating ratios in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment