On December 24, 2018, the company's subsidiary, Jiangsu, was in the middle of the longitude of the first stage of a project vehicle along Track 1 of the southbound city orbital traffic.
For the procurement of the towed system, the tender product is 35 rows 210 "b2" electric towed passenger vehicles, with a total winning value of 193 million, with delivery deadlines of 20 June-21 December.  The company ' s orbital traffic operations have been on track for almost two years and are officially moving out of Suzhou to the whole country.
With the introduction of strategic shareholders in the initial Latitude Replenishment Unit, the dealer promised to obtain project orders outside Suzhou and Shenzhen by the end of 18 years, following the promise of two project orders outside Suzhou and Shenzhen by the Chairman of the Latitude Board of Governors, Ma Jianxing, by the end of 18 years.
In March, the winning bid was 255 million dollars for the "Gooyang Project" to complete the strategic goal of "Go Out of Suzhou" and the pledge was fulfilled by Ma Jian Feng. Meanwhile, the winning bid was 420 million dollars for line 5, Su State, in February 18 of the list of landings.
Marked, more projects can be expected in the future, and follow-up attention can be given to the commitment of the dealer to consider the order in hand, which is about $1.35 billion. As of 18h1 million in hand, taking into account the confirmation of three quarters, and the order, which totals about $1.35 billion in hand, and 18 years in turn.
In the process of finding the bottom of the industry, where cross-trading is a multi-billion-scale market, general automated orders are clearly growing more than their counterparts, reflecting a review: the growth of generic operations reflects Al.
In the second half of the year, the growth rate in general automation has slowed, and the growth in general automation operations has remained significantly higher than that of our peers. We expect that corporate industrial automation operations will also show a strong growth momentum as industry cycles improve.
2. The performance of the Hitchon technology (300124) is expected to grow several times over in the future with the availability of a server and a common frequency of change.
▪ New-energy passenger and logistics vehicle operations have fallen short of expectations this year, and business in passenger vehicles is progressing well into the next year.3.Seconian technology (300124): reported in harvest period. This year, passenger and logistics vehicles have gone far beyond expectations, while sales of passenger and logistics vehicles have fallen significantly short of expectations.
So the company will be pressurized for four quarters of the new energy passenger and logistics vehicle power control business, but the whole thing fits expectations, smart manufacturing + electric power, car operations are well set, and next year it is expected to be active in the vehicle power control business, the following year.
A large car space of 2018-08-20 is expected to achieve a balance of gains and losses in power and power operations by car.  Profit forecasting and valuation: the industrial control industry expects 209q1 to be at the bottom, with company orders growing at a very high rate
Quicker than industry, passenger vehicles affecting new energy performance, fast-tracking in passenger vehicles, valuation and anticipated end-of-life: company subsidiary Jiangsu, second stage of the construction vehicle towed system on track 1 south of the longitude, tendered for 35 rows 210 "b2" electric towed systems with a total bid of 193 million.
The company's orbital traffic operations have been on track for almost two years, officially moving out of Sioux State to the whole country. At the beginning of 2017, after the expansion of the assets at the latitude, strategic shareholders were introduced, and Juntao promised to obtain a project order outside Suzhou and Shenzhen by the end of 18 years.
President Ma's pledge to obtain two project orders outside Suzhou and Shenzhen by the end of 18th year. In August 17, the winning bid for “Ningbo Project” was $123 million, and March 18, the winning bid for “Go out of Suzhou” was 255 million, and Ma was able to meet the strategic goal of “Go out of Suzhou,” while in February 18, the winning bid for “South China” was $420 million.
The project is an independent purchase order project that represents a major marketing breakthrough, a landmark, and more projects in the future that can be expected, followed by a follow-up focus on the fulfilment of the promise made by the young. The future share of Sinkuan is expected to enter the first three branches of the industry.
In the search for the bottom of the industry, the growth of general automation orders is clearly stronger than that of their peers, reflecting a strong Alpha. Since June this year, the growth of the industry has slowed, with a growth rate of 12/9/4.1% in the 1-30 industry, and a high annual growth rate, with slower growth in the second half of the year, benefiting from multi-industry, multi-product, and holistic solutions strategies.
The growth of generic automation operations continues to be significantly stronger than that of peers, with 35-40 per cent growth in general automation block orders expected this year, and corporate industrial automation operations will also show a strong growth dynamic as industry cycles improve, with multiple opportunities for growth in the future.
New energy passenger and logistics vehicle operations have been below expectations this year, and are well on their way into the harvest year after tomorrow. New energy sources sold 1.03 million vehicles in January-November this year, an increase of 68 per cent over the previous year, of which 886,000 were in vehicles, an increase of 85 per cent over the same year, and 144,000 in commercial vehicles, an increase of 7.8 per cent over the same year, which is projected to exceed 1.2 million.
The sale of passenger and logistics vehicles is clearly below expectations, especially since four-quarter passenger and logistics vehicles are not equipped with the obvious looting of last year, thus putting a four-quarter pressure on companies in new energy passenger and logistics vehicle power-control operations, but the passenger-car business is not always well set, the gas is well advanced, Gilly, the Wall and so on, and the public's Meb platform project is moving forward.
The last year’s targeted projects, Wilma, East Wind, and others, were over-expected this year, and next year’s power will be expected to start running by car, and the next year will be expected to achieve a balance of gains and losses. New energy performance, fast-tracking by vehicle, valuation and expected bottom, is expected to return to the parent’s net profit for the period 2018-2020.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board