Performance forecasts meet expectations, general automation is growing robustly, and new energy sources are about to be released The company recently released its performance forecasts for the first three quarters of 2018, with 20-30 per cent growth in operating income over the year, and the impact of non-recurring gains and losses on the net profits of the company amounting to approximately $61 million.
The increase in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies was lower than the increase in income, mainly due to a decrease in the overall Māori ratio for corporate products due to changes in the structure of the company ' s product earnings and increased market competition; a decrease in the value of non-recurring earnings during the reporting period; and a faster increase in the company ' s management costs, sales costs and so forth in the third quarter.
• General automation operations have continued to grow steadily, higher than industry averages: while China ' s macroeconomic slowdown in 2018 and the pace of growth in manufacturing investment has slowed, automation and smartness requirements have led to an increase in the share of automated products in fixed-asset investments.
The leadership of domestic industrial control, the technological capabilities of the country, the integrated programme resolution capacity have been shaped, and customization services have been introduced for the downstream industry, which is the main reason why companies have been growing more rapidly in general automation than in the industry in recent years. We believe that the increase in company frequency changers, servers, and pcl products in 2018 will continue to be guaranteed.
At the same time, the company’s share of the domestic industrial automation market is still low, the Quasi-Trailing business is on harvest and the new energy automobile business is about to be released: the company’s tracking business has successfully moved out of Suzhou and is now in the process of ordering more than $1 billion.
From 2018 to 2021, Jiangsu has long worked with Skota and is a national leader in technological capabilities, and is expected to win more projects nationwide in the future. In recent years, companies have invested heavily in new-energy motor power control, with the new-energy car plate of 2018h1 generating $285 million, an increase of 96% compared to the current sales of companies.
Cars are mainly passenger and logistics vehicles, and, as a result of the subsidy policy, there was a robbery in the first half of the year, and three quarters of them were used.
“Performance forecasts meet expectations, industry and new energy industries are looking at corporate industrial leadership, new energy vehicles are about to be released, and a “strongly recommended” rating is maintained: “Stewardship operations continue to rise, new energy sources will enter”
Good company industrial control leads, new energy is about to be released, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating.