Three-quarterly review of SWIFT technology (3000124) Global Business Growth reflects Alpha, the long-term layout of electric vehicles, 28 October 2018
• The company issued three quarterly reports, with a 25-86 per cent increase in revenue in January-September, and a 9.8 per cent increase in net profit for mothers, with a non-growth of 15.97 per cent. The company issued a three-monthly report in 2018, which achieved an operating income of 3,339 million yuan over the reporting period, an increase of 25.86 per cent over the same period; and a net profit of 794 million yuan for parent companies.
▪ Over-expected growth in general-purpose automation income in the third quarter, with cumulative orders growing at over 40 per cent in the previous three quarters, general-purpose frequency growing better than universal servers, traditional manufacturing growing better, fixed-asset investment continuing to grow at a peak of 16 years, with manufacturing investment at a low rate of 5 per cent in 17 years
The pace of growth, which has been increasing by 7.5 per cent in January and August, is expected to slow down further owing to a slight adjustment in the industrial caliber base of the National Institute of Statistics (INSTAT) in the 17th quarter.
The bus and logistics industry fell below expectations by 30% in the third quarter of the year, with a slight increase in the first three quarters, followed by a follow-up increase in the number of passenger traffic points and traffic. In the case of passenger vehicles, the overall sales were lower than expected, with 41,000 vehicles sold in January-September, down 10% from the same period.
In the case of line branding, 2020 will be a year of significant growth in passenger traffic. The rate of Maori fell by about 4% in the third quarter of the quarter, mainly in the case of fast-growing orbital traffic but gross: the growth of generic operations reflects Al.
Interest rates are clearly low, while the Māori rate, such as single elevators, universal servers, etc., has declined, the Māori method, the long-term layout of electric vehicles have increased prices, and the overall Māori rate has decreased in the future, but the associated costs have been reduced.
The use rate is much lower, it has begun to be reflected in the third quarter, and the cost rate is expected to decrease further in the future.  The inventory has increased significantly, mainly with four-quarters of electric vehicles for equipment, sales of commodities for large cash, overall in line with expectations, smart manufacturing + electric power
Net cash inflows into operating activities of $186 million, a decline of 38.92 per cent over the same period; cash acquisition for sales of commodities; investment proposal: slower growth, such as general and exclusive servers, affected by the slowdown in the work-management climate, but company forecasts are in line with expectations, general automation and electricity
Still a strong Alpha, with general automation growing significantly better than its peers; new energy, strong motor business growth, 2018-07-16.
The company issued three quarterly reports with a 25.86 per cent increase in revenue earned in January-September and a 9.8 per cent increase in net profit earned by the mother, or 15.97 per cent.The company issued three quarterly reports in 2018, which realized an operating income of 3,939 million yuan over the reporting period, or 25.86 per cent over the same period; and the net profit earned by the parent company was 794 million yuan, or 9.80 per cent over the same period, corresponding to 0.48 per cent.
Realization of operating income of $1,466 million, an increase of 22.95 per cent over the previous three quarters, a decline of 2.08 per cent in the ring; realization of net parent-owned income and profits in the medium of the forecast, with net profit increasing at a rate lower than the rate of income growth, with Māori rates exceeding the expected rate of $92 million for the main three quarters and a 16 per cent increase in non-net profit in the previous three quarters, is significantly better than net return profit growth.
General automation revenue increased by more than 40 per cent in the third quarter of the year, while cumulative orders increased by more than 40 per cent in the previous three quarters, general-purpose frequency grew better than universal servers, and traditional manufacturing grew better, but advanced manufacturing slowed slightly. Pmi Alpha in Hong Kong clearly maintained more than 40 per cent in the first three quarters of the general automation business as a whole
Long-term, January-September income sustained a 33 per cent increase, the ring ratio accelerated, and the general automation rate increased by 43 per cent in the third quarter. Its GFCM grew by 60 per cent significantly in the third quarter compared to the first half of the year; GFS increased by 24 per cent in the third quarter, slightly slowing the growth rate of more than 30 per cent in the first half of the year; and plc growth slowed down in the downstream sector.
The growth of traditional manufacturing orders and revenues remains strong, including metallurgy, weight lifting, textiles, etc., while the growth of the manufacturing industry began to slow significantly, including 30, lithium, photovoltaic, etc. Industrial robots have accumulated significant growth in the 1-3 quarter (this time, a separate list of visual system operations, calculating industrial robots)
In the first three quarters of the year, 96 million dollars were added to the visual system. In the first half of the year, more than 160% of industrial robots grew, and in the third quarter the same year fell. In the case of one engine: three quarters of single elevators, 12.7% in the first three quarters, and the third quarter.
The 19 per cent increase was due mainly to the spread of multinational corporate clients, overseas growth and the increase in the number of elevator-along products, but there was a marked decline in the rate of Maori, which was affected by the downturn downstream, a 13 per cent decline in the third quarter of the year in the rate of commissioning electric fluids and a 13 per cent drop in the rate of downstream plastics.
In the first three quarters, however, there was a cumulative increase of 8.5 per cent because of the decline in the third quarter of the post-transition period, the decline in auto electronics, and the increase in the first three quarters, which is expected to be around 30 per cent for the year as a whole, followed by a follow-up increase in vehicle spotting and release.
With a volume of 2818, 21707 and 9184 electric buses, with an increase of 226 per cent in 2018h1 over the same period, Wootong today accumulates 3100 vehicles, a decrease of 30 per cent over the same period, and three quarters with a marked decline in electronics, but starting in the fourth quarter, with a generally flat overall estimate for passenger vehicles.
In the case of logistics vehicles, the excess sales of the policy in the first half of the year were small and started in September, and the overall volume of sales was not as high as expected, with 41,000 logistics vehicles sold in January-September, down by about 10 per cent from the previous year, and the recovery of the logistics vehicles in the fourth quarter of this year would be less than last year, with the logistics vehicle as a whole projected to be between 80,000 and 100,000, with the market share in the corporate logistics vehicle sector expected to run from the previous year.
In the area of motor vehicles, companies have invested heavily in the construction of motor power platforms, and this year there have been a dozen fixed points, three model sales, one-line branding points, and a company of Euro-American auto giants overseas.
Looking at about $150 million, the end of the year will determine the status of the domestic front-line branding, and the next year will be a big one, and 2020 will be a year of significant growth in vehicle operations. The first three quarters of orbital traffic will grow by 57%, the third quarter will grow by five times the same time, and the entry of hand orders will begin with abundance.
The trend may be that the Māori rate will decline with car electronics, but the rate will begin to level off, even down, after the peak period of input, with a certain trade-off in net profitability. Related to this is the increased competition for universal servers and elevators, with lower product prices leading to a decline in Māori rates;
Automobile e-business is mainly characterized by high price reductions in passenger traffic, with low rates of auto e-business; on the other hand, it is estimated that operations with low Maori rates include faster growth in high voltage transformer frequency (40 per cent) and orbital traffic (30 per cent more), resulting in lower overall rates of Maori, as well as higher prices for components such as igbt in three quarters.
In the case of vehicle operations, a significant increase in administrative costs began in 2017 and will continue to expand the electronic usage of cars in 2018, often following the upward and downward trend, with personnel expanding at the end of the year tending to have a similar rate in the first half of the second half, with overall cost increases falling in the second half of the year.
In addition, lower non-recurrent gains and losses and lower tax refunds on software have also affected the speed of profit growth. The accumulated packages for the first three quarters, including Easterton compensation and demolition compensation, have had a total impact on net profit rates of $92 million, while the non-recurrent gains and losses for the first three quarters of the year have accumulated at $61 million, a decrease of $31 million.
A significant increase in inventory, which is expected to result in a four-quarter recovery of equipment from electric vehicles, has led to a decline in operating net cash flows on a year-on-year basis, but a significant increase in cash from sales of commodities indicates a positive return. A net cash flow of $186 million, or $140 million, from operating activities in 2018q3, representing a decrease of 14.33 per cent from the beginning of the year. Accounts receivable at the end of the period amounted to $1,566 million, representing an increase of $242 million over the beginning of the period, and accounts receivable
According to plans made at the beginning of the year, the reserve stock for the electric car industry was increased, resulting in a decline in net cash flow for business operations, while cash from sales of commodities increased by 37.46 per cent compared to the previous year, indicating that the company ' s repayments were maintained well and that liquidity was not problematic.
There is still a strong Alpha, where general automation has grown significantly better than peers, where universal frequency and servo products are becoming more competitive, and we still see several times the growth space in the medium term; in the area of new energy vehicles, companies continue to maintain exclusive collaboration and leading product positioning with Woo-ton, where the logistics sector has the first share, starting at the end of the revenue line.
Over-expected, more domestic fixes can be expected to be significant in terms of income by 2020, and we are all firmly convinced that the industrial and regulatory sectors are not growing as fast as expected, and electric cars are at a slower pace than expected. Figure 8: Cumulative manufacturing investment is increasing at the same rate as it is expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board