In the first three quarters of 2018, the company achieved operating income of 3,939 million yuan, an increase of 25.86 per cent over the same period of the previous year; it achieved operating profits of 876 million yuan.
7.51% increase over the same period of the previous year; net profits of $831 million, or 11.51% increase over the same period of the previous year; operating barriers to achieving a net \triangleright advantage attributable to shareholders in listed companies are strong and wide-ranging. Corporate general automation panels have achieved sales revenue of $1,825 million as a whole, a year-on-year increase.
32.87 per cent, with a combined growth rate of 40.99 per cent for 2014q3~2018q3. Of these, the combined growth rate of general-frequency transformers was 33.58 per cent; the combined growth rate of universal servers was 63.28 per cent; and the combined growth rate of plc&hmi was 31.30 per cent. The current market size of the world ' s variable industry is about $41.7 billion, with a combined growth rate of 8.74 per cent in four years, of which the combined growth rate is about $10 billion for high-pressure transformers and $30 billion for low-pressure transformers; and the current market for our servers.
The size of the field is around $6 billion, with small servers reaching 50%; the total size of the plc&hmi market is about $15 billion, with more than 90% of the market currently occupied by foreign brands. Companies rely on strong marketing networks and accurate market positioning, with high visibility for high-speed growth in future generic automation plates.
On the one hand, the company’s ability to sell cable, control cabinets, internal panels, and external panels, while selling elevator controllers, has effectively boosted its sales performance. At the same time, the company has made significant breakthroughs in joint-venture elevator manufacturers, and international elevator mega-orders such as Tung, Tishenkamp, Fushda, etc. have grown significantly.
New energy markets drive growth over the next decade. 218q3 company sales revenue for its new energy business amounted to $445 million, an increase of 19.26 per cent in the same year. \triangleright January-September: 12213 new energy vehicles for its bus, an increase of 38.8 per cent in the same year; more than 27,000 are expected to be sold throughout the year; the company's new talent is projected to be sold throughout the year.
While the precipitous downside of new energy policy subsidies has led to a 10% - 20% drop in product prices, companies have continued to deepen their new energy markets in order to add to the price.
Market-oriented research and development, with precision cards for the future. Industrial robots, 2018q3, generated 60 million sales revenue, an increase of 71.42% over the same year; Industrial visuals, 2018q3, generated 36 million sales revenue.
The former dominance in the field of industrial control is already evident. Building on the core competitiveness of strong marketing networks, deep understanding of customer demand, and strong R & D capabilities, companies’ precision cards are about to arrive with long-term robotics, sensors (industrial visuals), electrical servers, etc.
Segawa technology focuses on research and development, production and marketing of industrial automation-controlled products, leading the way in industrial robotics, new energy vehicles, orbital transport, industrial networking industries, and we expect the company to earn $6,055 million, $7,756 million and 98.73 million in business revenue between 2018 and 2020, respectively.
New energy cars are growing at a slower rate than expected.
Joined the East Hing Securities and worked in the mechanical industry. Ying Yang, Chinese People’s University, Faculty of Economics, and master’s degree. 3 years of experience with companies listed in the media, mainly following the new energy auto industry chain and mechanical industry
In 2016, he joined the Civil Security and in 2017 he joined the East Hing Securities.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.