On August 17, 2022, the impact of the epidemic was under pressure and the second half of the year was expected to recover.
Divisional media (002027.sz) - mid-2022
The epidemic has reduced the demand for advertising markets, and the loss of performance in the first half of the year, owing to the number and breadth of the domestic epidemic since March, especially the fact that Shanghai has been hit by the epidemic, has led many advertisers to opt for a compressed marketing budget, which has led to a phase in performance indicators.
In the first half of 2022, the company ' s core business media generated $4,456 million, cost pressures were released, sales costs were optimized in the first half of 2022, and the operating costs of the company were 20.34 per cent lower than in the same period of the previous year (15.13 per cent for the q2 ring).
Despite good cost control during the reporting period, the impact of the decline in the size of the harvest in the short term was compounded by a negative trend of gross q2 points, which ensured that core competitive companies actively and orderlyly increased the expansion of high-quality resources. By the end of July, the total number of company elevator television outlets was 2021.
At the end of the year, the number of frontline and second-line urban television outlets increased by 4 per cent, with 3.0 per cent and 3.8 per cent, respectively, and the number of outside areas by 9.6 per cent; at the end of July, the number of elevator poster media decreased by a total of 2.2 per cent compared to the same year at the end of 2021, with the number of first-line and second-line city poster media, respectively
According to the ongoing restructuring of the client industry, the income from the marketing of real estate is strong, and in the first half of the year, the Internet industry _ Media (002027.sz): 2020 performance forecast for supermarket expectations, and the high climate is expected to continue.
The increase in revenue from the Internet sector is 70.14%.
The company's annual and quarterly editions – the share of business income has increased by 38.40%.
The impact of factors such as the 21q1 boom in performance and the state of the business landscape is greater, while the demand for the marketing of consumer goods on a day-to-day basis is more sustainable and, for the sake of stability, the continuous restructuring of the client structure helps companies to achieve sound business.
The investment proposal suggests that we expect that the company’s net profits for 2021-2023 will be made available independently and objectively in a spirit of diligence and commitment. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.