Reported performance forecast in 2022: the second quarterly report is at the end, the epidemic has had a greater impact on the company ' s performance in the second quarter and is expected to continue to repair it in the future: the company is more affected by the epidemic in the second quarter, while the two quarters of Shanghai and Shenzhen are affected by the epidemic in Shanghai and Shenzhen, with Shanghai and Shenzhen in large numbers.
The overall collection rate is high, and first-line cities are the markets that advertisers place the highest priority, and as a result, advertisers are affected by the epidemic themselves. On the other hand, logistical compliance is blocked and, in the face of supply problems, advertising is naturally reduced.
With the recovery of human flows, Shanghai advertising is on track, and we believe that the current blockade of Shanghai's small areas and streets, while slowing down the recovery, will not disrupt the recovery.
This was 4.9 per cent lower than the previous year, and the number of points increased by 8.3 per cent, reaching 2.673 million, mainly because of the fall in employee remuneration, partial depreciation of assets and the slowdown in competition in the industry. We expect to control the cost of single-site locations better because of the epidemic.
With a bit of rent relief, costs are expected to decrease further and leverage in 2022.
Consumer-type advertisers are different from Internet-based advertisers, their ads and the 2022q1 quarterly reports: Building costs.
The investment strategy is highly regular, and consumer-type enterprises have an annual demand for product publicity, which increases their ability to control, leverages, and advertises a fixed percentage of revenue, and does not fluctuate much like Internet-based enterprises.
During the year’s dramatic downswing of advertising by Internet advertisers, consumer-type customers continued to grow by 21%, so that their advertising will remain stable as long as there is no significant drop in consumer-type businesses’ revenues. The correlation between crowd media and macroeconomic cycle fluctuations will gradually decrease.
The Media Group (002027): Short-term epidemic impacts no impediment to long-term value growth.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has the status of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.