Short-term stress on affected performance, repair of consumption heat recovery after the epidemic Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) Companies issue annual performance forecast for 2022, with 22H1 expected to achieve net return profit
• Repeated outbreaks have led to weak demand in advertising markets, short-term pressure on company performance, and repeated outbreaks in Shanghai, Beijing and Shenzhen from March to May 22 years, which have had a significant impact on company operations:
1) Building advertising: ctr data show that the overall advertising market was weak from March to May 22, which also resulted in restricted advertising in some of the company ' s priority cities; 2) cinema advertising: the epidemic repeatedly led to the closure of cinemas, thereby targeting the company ' s cinemas
• The stabilization of the epidemic + the recovery in consumption will release demand for advertising, with company performance expected to recover in the second half of the year.
At the same time, cat-eye data show that in mid-June the number of cinemas in the country resumed to around 10,000, and as of 17 July, the number of cinemas in the country had reached 1,0071, with a 82.82 per cent turnover.
Advertising has been gradually restored, and the company’s performance is expected to recover in the second half of the year. 1. The Corps-w2q22 performance outlook: two major players, short-term factors, do not change the company’s fundamentals, and the advertising owner’s structure optimizes the company’s performance resilience.
Accelerating recovery, high-quality growth in new business, ctr data show that in January-May 2022, the alcohol, food and personal goods industries showed significant growth in multiple advertising channels, while the fast-dismantling industry was the largest in the corporate advertising business structure.
Portfolio - s22q1 Assessment: Domestic operations Key industries, 42.76 per cent of corporate business earnings in 21 years, fast-tracking industries, recovery of leading industries, strong growth in international operations
The surge in demand has enhanced the certainty of corporate performance repair. 3.100-sw: Deep-deep-a-ray cloud computing and intelligence.
The company's valuation for the last five years has been 5. Alibaba-sw: more than 20 in-house mechanics.
Merchant-w22q1 evaluation: user mental growth, sustained macroeconomic stress, recurrent outbreaks, less than expected recovery of advertising demand, industry competition 7. Retailer power suppliers: “618” consumer festival, promising
Internet companies, financial and industrial combinations, are good at combining industry and investment perspectives.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.