Media (002027.sz) reported in mid-2022. August 23, 2022.
The news: The news media released mid-2022: in the first half of 2022, the company collected $4,852 million.
The public media created the largest urban life circle in the country, the media network. The company's current main business is the development and operation of the media, the main product of which is the building media.
(including elevator television and elevator poster media, cinema screen advertising and terminal sales media, etc.)
Repeated outbreaks of synergy with the Internet industry have led to a significant decline in corporate income in the first half of the year, with domestic scenes, entertainment scenes and consumer scenes integrated into a life-cycle media network.
(b) The impact of the situation, the weak demand in the advertising market, especially in April and May, the company's partial focus on city advertising Debts and cross-equity presentations:
Normal publishing is limited, and business activity is greatly affected. In the first half of the year, income from other businesses was 661 million yuan per day, a decrease of 70.65 per cent. As can be seen, the consumer goods industry has provided more resilience to the company’s media collection, and the Internet industry’s downside is a decline in corporate revenue.
For the second half of 2022, it is expected that the company’s media operations will fade as the epidemic subsides, with a significant reduction in the Māori rate due to the rigidity of media rental costs in the second quarter of the year, with a slight mention of sales rates and management rates.
At the end of July of the year, company elevator television and media equipment totalled approximately 848,000 units, compared to the point at the end of 2021.
The number rose by 4.0 per cent; the total number of elevator poster media equipment was about 1,187,000, a decrease of 2.2 per cent compared with the number of spots at the end of 2021; the number of cinema-contracted cinemas was 1,812 and the number of cinemas was 13,000, a slight decrease from the number of cinema-contracted cinemas at the end of 2021 and the number of cinemas was 19,227 and 136,000.
Writing buildings, residential buildings, and cinemas, with market share leading the market, are the country’s largest online media outlets, with 14801880001 live-life media. We believe that, despite the firm’s presence, the media advertising industry has become entrenched.
In the long run, with the rise of new consumption below the line, companies still have the potential to expand even further in terms of density of coverage and landscape in the media. Profit predictions and ratings: We believe that with the recovery of domestic consumer markets in the second half of the year, corporate media will continue to grow.
The growth of new consumption also opens up long-term opportunities for companies to grow. After the first half of the epidemic, the media (002027.sz) reported in mid-2022 that the epidemic and the Internet had produced a positive impact, and that the recovery in consumption was expected to lead to an improvement in the media.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
The popular media (002027.sz) reported in mid-2022 that: the epidemic and the Internet had a strong impact, and that the recovery in consumption was expected to lead to an improvement in the media of the building; that the sources of financial growth in the East were the Internet, short videos, long videos, live broadcasts, music and audio books; and that the American community was central to tracking the development of the Internet in the service of life.
It covers such life service routes as catering, tourist accommodation, and automobile services. It covers such areas as troupe, tracking business progress and competitors, covering the network community, short videos, long videos, digital reading, etc. The United States Mission is central to tracking the development of the Internet for life services, covering such services as catering and tourist accommodation.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that in mid-2022, the public media (002027.sz) reported that the epidemic and the Internet were experiencing an increase in efficiency effects, and that the recovery in consumption was expected to lead to an improvement in the print media, and that there was no guarantee that the information and advice contained therein would not change. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.