The media (002027.sz) the external environment suppresses performance, looks at the pace of rehabilitation in the second half of the year.
During the first half of the year, performance declined considerably. 1) In the first half of 2022, companies achieved $4.85 billion in operating income, compared to the previous half of the year ' s performance, focusing on the second half of the year ' s performance. 1) In the first half of the year, corporate performance declined significantly, mainly due to the epidemic, which affected, inter alia, the impact of the epidemic since March, and the overall advertising market.
Weak demand; affected by the epidemic, company buildings and cinema advertising in April and May, 52 weeks of maximum/lowest price city advertising has been restricted, and business activity has been significantly affected; (ii) at this point, the national epidemic is currently under way.
The macroeconomics continue to be well-established, with steady growth, and domestic demand for advertising is expected to rise: long-term growth potential and space in building advertising, companies are leading the industry, and business is expected to outperform the industry as a whole.
The trend towards a gradual improvement, with a contraction of the previous year to about 20 per cent, has been marked by the restructuring of advertisers, with significant resource points. 1) The share of consumer goods industries continued to rise (49 per cent) in the first half of the year, down 8.33 per cent in the same year, and their advertising was launched in June.
The company has 848,000 television and media equipment for elevators, with a total of about 1,187,000 elevator and poster media equipment; the number of self-employed elevator and television media outlets continues to increase and media resources are better configured; and the number of cinema and cinema theatres has 1812 and 13,000 cinemas, covering 278 cities in the country.
On the other hand, Hong Kong, China, South Korea, and Indonesia, in terms of their performance, have seen a significant decline in their performance as a result of the epidemic, with a strong focus on recovery gains and good performance.
The Media Division (002027.sz) - The epidemic suppresses short-term performance, focusing on long-term competitions.
The Media Division - 002027, 2021, mid-point rating: performance meets expectations, leading position. The Media Division - 002027 - Yearly and Quarterly Reviews: Rapid growth, which continued in the first half of the year, now or has reflected the firm ' s short-term performance pressures and external uncertainties caused by the epidemic.
We continue to look at the company’s long-term competitive advantage and the elasticity of its performance following the epidemic, short-term pressures, long-term values, and continued to maintain the “buy-in” rating. The advertising industry was restructured, with significant resource points.
(b) Internet advertising clients suffered a significant decline, reaching 70.65 per cent in the same year; as of July 22, company elevators had reached 848,000 visual media devices and elevator poster media equipment together amounted to approximately 1,817,000;
Homes, 13,000 cinemas, covering 278 cities in the country, continue to be in the lead; companies are continuing to accelerate their expansion abroad, reaching 106,000 television outlets outside China, which continue to grow at a high rate; and, in terms of performance, Hong Kong, South Korea, and Indonesia are both profitable and performing well.
The current stock price and valuation performance, or the externalities of the short-term performance pressure on the company and the epidemic, continue to determine the factors, and we continue to appreciate the firm's long-term competitive advantage and the elasticity of its post-epidemiological performance, the short-term pressure not to change its long-term value, and the “buy-in” rating.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them