Distributed media (002027.sz): The epidemic has affected performance, pressured to focus on the restoration of performance in the second half of the year, divided media (002027.sz)
In the first half of the year, the company achieved operating income of $4,852 million, or 3,37.7 per cent, in the form of a parent net profit. The placement of ads is highly correlated with the macroeconomic climate, and 22h1 is subject to the effects of the epidemic as a whole.
Due to the impact of the epidemic since March, weak advertising market demand, April and May, some of the focus cities, including Shenzhen, Shanghai and others, have been restricted in their regular advertising, which has greatly affected the pace of campaigning and advertising, and hence the overall operations of the 22H1 company.
The ratio of consumers of consumer goods continues to rise, and resilience guarantees stability of performance. 1) In companies, the ratio of consumers to consumers of consumer goods continues to rise.
\triangleright semi-annual performance sub-products: 4456 million yuan, yoy-33.04 per cent for media in building 22h1 and 39.96 per cent for cinema media.
2) Sub-industry: consumer consumer consumer consumer goods in building media business 22h1 as a share of business income 49.05%, yoy+13.61pc, consumer goods in cinema media 4.02%, yoy+0.18pc, overall increase in client structure
22H2 Economic recovery was released with a partial backlog of budgets, and attention was paid to corporate performance repair. 1) The economic conference, with a steady growth melody, advanced the process of resumption of work and economic recovery. Ctr (market research) data showed that the advertising market spent 9.5 per cent positive growth in May,6
The advertising industry, as a leader in the industry, is expected to benefit from a recovery in the advertising budget brought about by the recovery in consumer heating; 2) consumer goods clients are more resilient: according to ctr data, outdoor advertising in January-May 2022 cost head-lines, beverages and foods.
There has been an increase in the use of the beverages industry, where advertising costs for elevators lcd and elevator posters have increased by 85.1 per cent and 64.1 per cent, respectively, over the past five years of industry performance.
The company continues to optimize its customer structure, using consumer consumer advertising, cinda securitiesco., Ltd., whose main income is the first-largest category of customers, has grown by about 25% over the 21-year period.
The number of consumer customers per day has increased by more than 50 per cent, while consumer customers have been able to guarantee stability during the epidemic, and we expect that 22H2 will continue to contribute steadily to the company.
Intruder; 3) second half of the year of car customers: due to the spread of the epidemic and the benefits of national policy, the car industry has reached its lowest level in April, sold better in June than in the same period in history, and sold back in July, and we expect that 22H2 car customers will continue to take advantage of the opportunity to increase advertising.
There was a significant increase (5.53 per cent of revenue from automobile advertising in 21 as the fourth largest customer), and in February of that year the first issue of the employee holding plan was announced, which was to purchase corporate shares through the secondary market (including competitive and large transactions) as of 31 August 2019.
Investment proposal: Overall, the company’s 22h1 performance is under pressure from the epidemic, but with the positive recovery of production, the advertising industry has recovered, and the firm’s deep-farming industry has for many years become more competitive.
Resilientness and stability, we continue to focus on economic recovery in the second half of the year, the warming of market demand, and advertising forecasts, which have resulted in a backlog that has freed up the repair of company performance. Risk factors: repeated epidemics, increased competition in the industry, and uncertainty about advertising market demand.
B.A. University Administration. From 2016 to 2021, he worked on a number of pieces of Skywind securities covering the Internet, games, advertising, electricity vendors, etc., and the components of the dollar were not, were not, were not, and would not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.