002027.sz The epidemic has led to a significant decline in performance, focusing on recovery and long-term competitiveness.
The impact of the epidemic was the main cause of the decline in performance in the first half of the year, and attention was paid to the second half of the year. (1) The sharp decline in corporate performance in the first half of the year was mainly affected by the epidemic, which, on the one hand, has been evident since March, and the weak demand in the overall advertising market, on the other hand, by the epidemic, which has affected the company's buildings and cinemas.
52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices, limited advertising in priority cities in April and May, with significant impact on business activity; 2) At present, there is a general trend in the management of the epidemic in the country and a steady growth of macroeconomics that continue to improve in the country.
Market demand is expected to rise continuously; long-term growth potential and space are available in building advertising, and the public sector is expected to lead the advertising industry, which is expected to outperform the industry as a whole. The resource points are significant, and the overseas layouts further open up the growth ceiling.
In 22 years, q1, company elevator television media equipment totalled about 825,000, company elevator poster media equipment totalled about 1,834,000 and the number of media outlets totalled an increase of 7.7 per cent; by the end of 2021, the number of media outlets owned by the company was first in the fields of writing and residential buildings.
In the first place, the market share is 1.8 times higher than the sum of two to five competitors, with the highest number of winners, up 34.2 per cent from the same year, while companies plan to split up Korean affiliates and split them in Korea, in the medium to long term, and see that overseas markets are expected to become important growth poles in the future.
The Media Division (002027.sz) - The epidemic suppresses short-term performance and focuses on long-term competition for changes in the media environment, etc.
Investment recommendations: Maintenance of profit forecasts, focus on recovery intensity, and maintenance of “buy-in” ratings. Divisional Media - mid-point rating 002027-2021: performance against expectations, leading position: Divisional Media - 002027 and Quarterly rating: rapid growth, continued in the first half of the year
Distributive Media - 00227-2020 Quarterly Review: Building Media Resumes Overexpected, p=20/15/14x. Current stock prices and valuation performance reflect short-term performance pressures on companies and external uncertainties caused by the epidemic, and we continue to appreciate the company’s long-term competitive advantage and the epidemic.
The impact of the epidemic’s shock has led to a significant decline in performance in the first half of the year. 1) The company’s expected net return of the company’s profits in the first half of 2022 has been influenced by factors such as the apparent impact of the epidemic since March and the weak demand in the advertising market as a whole.
On the other hand, the impact of the epidemic has been on the company’s buildings and cinemas, where advertising in priority cities in April and May has been restricted, and business activity has been significantly affected. Resource points have been very strong, accelerating the deployment abroad.
The total number of media outlets for company elevator posters amounted to about 1,834,000 and the total number of media outlets amounted to 7.7 per cent; by the end of 2021, the number of media points held by the company ranked first in the fields of writing and residential buildings, with market shares far ahead of 2-5.
With 1.8 times the sum of hands, the vanguard advantage has been further laid; 2) the expansion has accelerated overseas, with the number of foreign television outlets reaching 98,000, an increase of 34.2 per cent over the same period; while the company plans to split Korean subsidiaries and perform upwards in the Korean ipo, the overseas market, is flexible, short-term pressures do not change long-term values, and continues to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them