Distributive media (002027.sz): 22h1 is under stress from the epidemic and is concerned about the restoration of performance in the second half of the year after the recovery of the economy (002027.sz)
Incidents: A semi-annual performance forecast for 2022, issued by the public media on 13 July 2022, is consistent with the high correlation between advertising and the macroeconomic climate, with the impact of the epidemic on performance during the first half of the year. As a result of the epidemic since March, the demand for advertising markets has weakened, especially in April and May.
Some of the company ' s focus cities, including Shenzhen, Shanghai and others, were regularly restricted in advertising and logistics, which led to a significant impact on the pace of advertising activities and advertising, resulting in a sharp drop in the same proportion, as well as a higher base for advertising outlets, such as 21q1 online education, for the first half of the year.
In the second half of the year, the economic recovery, combined with the release of part of the accumulated budget, is expected to boost corporate performance recovery. Economic recovery boosted performance repair: starting in May with the State Council’s national economic stabilization television program, the advertising market, according to ctr data, was growing by 9.5% in May.
The company, as the leader of the advertising industry, is expected to benefit from the advertising forecast from the heating of consumption for the months of January to May, which cost more in the head, beverages, food and alcoholic drinks industry, with the beverage industry increasing in advertising for elevators, lcd, and elevator posters, respectively.
85.1% and 64.1% of the company ' s 21-year consumer advertising owner ' s income ratio is more than 50% of the increase in the number of consumers of consumer goods on a year-on-year basis. Consumer-type customers have guaranteed firm stability during the epidemic. We expect that 22H2 will continue to contribute to the company.
Income; 3) second half of the year of motor vehicle customers: according to ctr, the cost of advertising posters in elevators for 22 years from January to May increased by 16.2 per cent over the same year, considering the preference of this group of customers for cinema media and the backlog of advertising budgets partially affected by the epidemic in the second half of the year.
Release, we expect a significant increase in the number of car customers and cinema media operations in the 22h2 car (5.53% of the revenue of car advertisers in 21 as the fourth largest client group) and good overall cost control, with attention to building and cinema rent reduction negotiations.
\triangleright Sindam Securities Co. Ltd. Overall Māori ratio was 67.53 per cent, an increase of 4.29 pct over the same period, of which Māori rate for building media
Itd 71 per cent, an increase of 6.87 pct over the same period; benefiting from good cost control, company media industry, building No. 1 of the 9th Palace Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
The cost of media-related resources has decreased slightly over the same period. 22H2 continues to focus on the gradual recovery of the company’s rent cutbacks for the epidemic and its ability to recover from it. The Division announced the first issue of the employee holding scheme, which is available through the secondary market.
The total number of shares in the mass media was approximately 46,58.39 million, or 0.32 per cent of the stock at the time of the company ' s announcement; locks were regularly held for 36 months, since the company ' s last bid was actively promoted, and the advertising industry had recovered, but had recently been plagued by outbreaks in Shanghai and elsewhere.
In view of the high economic correlation between the world of life media, especially consumer advertising, and the lifting of the first phase of the 22q3 employee holding scheme, we continue to focus on the company's performance as a result of the economic recovery and the release of the advertising budget backlog in the second half of the year.
B.A. in University Management. From 2016 to 2021, he worked on Skywind securities, covering a number of sections such as the Internet, games, advertising, electricity dealers, etc., and meta-components that did not and would not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.