2022: Consumer-type advertisers are extremely resilient, the epidemic affects company q2 performance, and it is expected that future repairs will be sustained: affected by the epidemic, advertising markets will need to weaken. In April and May, major cities such as Shanghai and Shenzhen are affected.
Shenzhen has a high percentage of the population and is valued by its advertisers, and regular advertising is restricted; now, with the recovery of human traffic, Shanghai advertising is on track, and we believe that as the epidemic normalizes, the company’s performance is expected to continue to recover.
▪ Consumer advertising is extremely resilient, and traffic advertising is expected to contribute to elasticity in the future: 2022h1, in the building media business, there has been a decline of 8.3 per cent and 4.5 per cent in the average share of daily consumer and traffic advertising, which is much lower than the overall decline in the escalator business by 33.0 per cent, and consumption and cross-fertilization by 33.0 per cent.
The share of advertisers reached 49.1% and 5.8%, respectively, and was only 35.4% and 4.0% for the same period in 2021.
Weak finance during the downturn has created the attributes of past macroeconomic volatility. Yet consumer advertisers have a more resilient demand for advertising, and they have an annual demand for product advertising, which can guarantee better placement, even in a weaker economy, and future consumer advertising.
The main share is expected to increase continuously, and the performance of the public is expected to become less volatile. Moreover, the traffic-type advertising majority ratio continues to rise, and the recovery of future car advertising providers and changes in industry patterns will significantly increase the demand for advertising to contribute to higher levels of performance.
Performance forecast rating: 2-quarter performance report shows a 0.3 per cent decrease in the number of media outlets per year, up to 2.665 million, lower operating costs per year, and a sustained recovery in the future.
The decrease is mainly due to a reduction in the cost of single-point rents, an increase in the rate of electronicization of the number of employees, and a partial depreciation of assets. We expect that the impact of the epidemic will result in a reduction of the spot rent.
Or future contract prices are expected to be reduced by the epidemic, with further cost reductions expected in 2022 and 2022q1 quarterly reviews: building costs, control capabilities, leverage.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has the status of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.