China shares (002236.sz) Medium-term growth in performance, smooth transformation of solutions, more than half of the solution class business, and significant growth in domestic market revenue: companies changed from the first half of 2017.
The distribution of business has changed from a distribution of products to a distribution of business models in which solutions are sold at a volume of $3.74 billion, or more than 50 per cent, and where business models have been continuously recommended. Markets have learned about the needs of different governments, industries, and civil markets, and thus provide individualized solutions.
In the overseas market, the company has also maintained a rapid growth rate of 44.1%, and market openings have progressed well. The Māori rate has recovered across the board, and sales investment in R & D has increased: the overall M & D rate of the company has risen by 1.0 million per year.
The score of 39.3 per cent was high in the last three years, especially since Māori increased by nearly 1 percentage point in terms of the distribution of business solutions and sales of products. Māori increased by 0.5 points in terms of the substantial increase in income in the municipal market.
There is a positive increase in revenue, with overseas markets remaining high at 42.9%, despite a slight decline of 0.2 percentage points. Companies continued to diversify markets and business transformations in the first half of the year, so in terms of three rates of cost.
A 1.9 percentage point increase of 27.0 per cent over the same period also contributed to the company’s net profit growth being lower than the income growth rate. Business transformation continued, with the ppp solution type project as the main pusher: companies would continue their transition to solution suppliers in the future, and companies would announce their Xinjiang subsidiaries while issuing medium-term performance.
Project for the construction of a safe city in Sascar County (ppp) with a 10-year cooperation period (including large-scale shares: robust performance in 2016, new product industry one year, 9 years of operation), with a total government fee of RMB 431,47.9 million during the concession period
The large size of the project (the final amount is based on the contract) provides a strong basis for the future growth of the company ' s performance: the three-quarter business is steadily moving forward and the performance is on a solid footing. The forecast of the company ' s performance for the first three quarters of 2017 shows that net profit growth is projected to increase at a scale that is consistent with that of the company.
In terms of 25-45 per cent, largely consistent with the first half of the year, continued improvement in the demand for the sector ' s markets has led to a firm ' s shareholding: a significant increase in medium-term performance shows a smooth transformation of the effect of the transition on the path of the suppliers of solutions, which is a major factor warranting sustained and long-term attention by the company.
China ' s shareholdings: a 50 per cent increase in the year ' s revenues and a double profit gain: a four-quarter performance drive year-round growth targets, a quarterly performance rating: a fast increase in the collection of Maori and a slight increase in the cost rate
In the first half of 2017, the company achieved sales revenue of $7.46 billion, an increase of 50.8 per cent over the same period, with sales revenue of $4.82 billion in the second quarter, an increase of 52.1 per cent over the same period. The domestic market climate continued to rise, with the company’s cities, smart cities, etc., and major projects at various industry levels leading to effective performance growth.
Through research and analysis, companies have responded differently to different markets, ensuring steady growth in overseas operations. In the business model, strategies to sustain the transition to solutions have yielded effective returns from corporate strategies for individualized products and programmes in different areas, such as government, business, and civil.
In the first half of 2017, the company realized a net profit of 983 million yuan, an increase of 38.5 per cent in the same year, of which 704 million yuan, or 40.8 per cent, was net profit for the parent company in the second quarter, resulting in a net profit increase lower than the income increase owing to continued investment in market channels and R & D costs.
The company ' s main business was 39.5 per cent in the first half of 2017, an increase of 1.0 percentage points in the same year, of which the Mao Division ' s transition to a solution continued in the second quarter, with an increase in the share of high-value-added business, with the level of Māori in the first half of the year standing at a high level in the last three years.The cost of the operation was 12.7 per cent, 13.6 per cent and 0.7 per cent, respectively, of the cost of sales, management costs and financial costs in the first half of the year.
Size is the main reason for the rise in the level of cost, resulting in a slight decline in the net profit rate of companies after the increase in the Māori rate. Second, business performance assessment: domestic market-driven growth, solutions are important drivers (i) domestic market gains and robust growth in overseas markets
This is a 0.2 percentage point decrease. Companies actively promote solutions in domestic markets for customers in different areas, such as government, industry, civil service, etc. Supply has yielded good results in terms of orders, a substantial increase in business income has been accompanied by a steady increase in the Māori rate, and a different strategy in the off-shore market, depending on the characteristics of the market, has sustained a robust increase in business income.
(ii) Over half of the revenue from the solution business, with a full recovery in profitability The business breakdown shows that the company changed the disclosure of the business breakdown from the previous product categories in the first half of 2017 to the branch of the business model. Income from the solution business in the first half of the year was $3.74 billion, an increase of 53.1 per cent, or 53.1 per cent, over the same period.
50.2%, or more than half of the revenue. The sales revenue from product sales was $3.18 billion, an increase of 50.8%, or 42.6% of revenue, and the company’s business was driven by a shift from product sales to supply of solutions. The company’s business breakdown showed an increase in the Māori rate in terms of both solutions and product sales, with an increase in Māori rates.
The transformation of the business model of 0.9 and 0.9 percentage points, 43.0 per cent and 41.1 per cent, has not only contributed to higher levels of profitability in terms of income. (iii) Performance guidance: the company ' s business performance has continued to grow rapidly, the ppp project announcement was awarded a net profit increase of 38.5 per cent, the company ' s project acquisition in the domestic market has continued, while the overseas market has remained stable
Rapid growth, in turn, ensured the company’s continued market ability to perform during the transformation of the solution. At the same time as the semi-annual report, the company announced its winning bid for the Xinjiang subsidiary ppp project, and the company received the winning notice from the project’s procurement unit, which confirmed the system engineering (collaborate leader) and the North-South consortium (Collective member) as “Sarca.”
The winning unit for the County Safe Cities Project (ppp) is as follows:
(b) Construction of a personnel-intensive site infrastructure, construction of an integrated village infrastructure in Sa ' ara district, and other construction projects. The total government fee for the total bid during the concession period was 431,47.9 million yuan, subject to the signing of the contract.
Market price competition for products affects the profitability of companies; Technology upgrades present a risk of product substitution.