China shares: The champions drive back to high-growth growth and domestic video surveillance solutions lead the way to embrace "associated" + " artificial intelligence" + "eye" and "brain" as smart videos in the age of interconnectivity + artificial intelligence.
In China, video surveillance system solutionrs in the area of public security will take the lead in embracing “intellectuals.” The video surveillance industry is expected to grow faster, and opportunities are only at the forefront of the overall solution.
“Digital,” “highly clean,” “networked,” “intelligent” industry trends have continued for many years, “digitalization” has not yet ended, “highly clean,” + “networked,” and “intelligent.” Corporate intelligence needs to be integrated into business platforms, and opportunities belong only to leading producers with holistic solutions.
• Vision: mature corporate technology reserves with hundreds of billions of dreams Technology: 5,000 people's research and development teams set up pyramid-based innovation systems from chip, big data, artificial intelligence to advanced applications.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Extension of solution sales to the smart city ppp model; overseas operations: countries with “one way” 2,899/1,724
Domestic forces, overseas operations have moved from low Māori distribution of oem+ channels to brand solutions with pricing and ownership of total market value/flow (millions of dollars).
The 12-month-old maximum/minimum (megagram) – New Wind: “Fighting 2017 - Cohesion - Inner Power - Efficiency” – is the most critical condition for rejuvenation. The new wind: “Fight 2017 - Cohesion: Within Training”
The company’s risk of error during the exploration period and the risk of the ppp project funding coming back. Watching the company back on the road to high growth and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
In the future of the Federation and intelligence, Chinese video-monitoring companies are expected to take the lead in hugging smart videos, all things connected with the "eye" and "brain" of the artificial intelligence age, and all things connected with artificial intelligence, and technological innovation makes human life better.
The object network (10t) refers to a network that connects the required objects to the Internet and communication networks through a variety of information and communication devices for the purpose of intelligent identification, positioning, tracking, monitoring and management. The network structure is divided into three layers: the sensor layer, the network layer, the application layer, and the perception of the environment.
The visual information obtained by the eyes accounts for more than 70% of it, and dynamic visual information is a major component. Artificial intelligence is the thinking activity that is performed by intelligent machines that are usually associated with human intelligence, such as judgment, reasoning, proof, recognition, perception, understanding, design, thinking, planning, learning, and problem solving.
According to the simulatory theory, intelligent video is the "eye" plus "brain" of the interconnected world of everything under artificial intelligence. Smart video is the first place: video surveillance. Machine learning is the most direct and effective way to achieve artificial intelligence at the present time. The concept of machine learning comes from early artificial intelligence.
Researchers, the algorithms that have been developed include decision tree learning, synthesizing logic programming, enhancing learning, and the Bayesian network. For many years, computer visualization has been one of the best applications for machine learning, but it still needs an image detector prepared in advance by the researchers to judge (e.g., to judge boundaries, to judge marks). Even so, computer visuals often make mistakes.
Learning helps to overcome this. The application of neurological network algorithms for in-depth learning (the core of neural network algorithms is computing, connecting, evaluating, correcting, and training) has led to many practical applications, such as autopilot, in the whole field of machine learning and even artificial intelligence.
However, deep learning requires a great deal of scenario training, which often requires specific scenarios in order to reduce depth learning algorithms. Fortunately, video surveillance is based on specific scenarios.
Video surveillance is intelligent, and Chinese manufacturers have a unique advantage. Because of the need for security control, Chinese airports, railway stations, squares, etc., have been forced to install a large number of surveillance cameras in specific public areas.
At the same time, the rise of the entire deep neural network technology over the past three years has provided a powerful ability to calculate the gpgpu technology, in addition to large-scale data (e.g., imagenet) that provide the foundation for training the deep network.
The domestic video surveillance industry has developed deep cooperation between the leading producers, Heiconway and Dahua, and companies such as Nvidia, Movidius and others, and the trend towards high-level equation and networking is still on the rise. The video surveillance industry has been digitalized, highly nuanced, networked, and is gradually becoming intelligent.
The trend towards "dividing" is still slowly evolving, mainly in the industry. Digitalization, for example, is still the case, even today, in 2017, where analog cameras are sold at a very high rate.
A number of observations made stated the goal: by 2020, public safety video surveillance, “global coverage, network sharing, full-time availability, full-time control”, has been largely achieved. Networking applications have achieved significant results in strengthening policing, optimizing traffic, serving cities, and innovative social governance.
Universal coverage. 100 per cent coverage of video surveillance in priority public areas, 100 per cent coverage of new and modified high-resolution cameras; 100 per cent coverage of key video surveillance in key industries, areas and areas, and gradual increase in the number of new high-resolution cameras and their full-network sharing. 100 per cent coverage of video surveillance networks in priority public areas; and 100 per cent coverage of key industries and areas related to public areas.
The number of video surveillance cameras installed in priority public areas is 98%, the number of video surveillance cameras installed in priority industries and areas involving public areas is 95%, and video image information is used 24/7.
A layered security system for the public security video surveillance system is basically in place, enabling critical video images to remain intact and sensitive video images to remain undisclosed. The intelligent start-up industry is accelerating, but the opportunity is limited to leading manufacturers.
A major wave of intelligence in single-point devices has arrived, and industry growth is expected to accelerate, with single-point intelligence, mostly using device intelligence as a functional requirement, and front-end camera and back-end server intelligence is the most common application normal in the present time. In addressing smart analysis in surveillance areas, they are the network nodes of the era of regional networking smart surveillance management, the cores.
The continuous overlap with smart algorithms, the cost of mature hardware intelligence, and the age of intelligence in large-scale single-point devices, in particular, the winner of the Intelligent Uplifting Project at North Shenzhen Station, on March 8, 2017, showed that 2 million smart cybergun cameras replaced ordinary gun cameras.
In many regions, security projects, especially public security and transport, impose a rigid requirement for intelligent applications at the front and back ends of security equipment.
As a sign of the advent of the era of massive applications of smartness, and as a result of the upgrading of the video surveillance industry after the build-up phase of the Great Network, the concept of the Interconnection of Everything, the Intelligent Federation of Everything, began to spread deep into the surveillance market, and artificial intelligence, in keeping with the need for specialized and scaled-up intelligence analysis, will lead to the upgrading of the network applications of the entire public security video surveillance building, allowing “global coverage, global network”
The overall intelligence needs to be integrated into the business platform, and opportunities belong only to leading producers with holistic solutions. For example, in a mature financial intelligence program, single-point intelligence must eventually be embedded in a bank’s system, rather than in a bank’s system.
Together, his security equipment, such as alarm hosts, door locks, ip chats, and so forth, is managed in an integrated manner through a software platform that closes down operations. At the same time, these smart business functions must be adapted to bank security processes, such as the transfer of bank controls to selected branches, or simple case processing, and the filing of complex cases to branches, and the building of hierarchical and spatial platforms.
So financial intelligence is a very systemic intelligence that requires a combination of algorithms, equipment research and development, platform integration, and post-sale support. Clearly, the overall intelligence age is among the leading producers with industry-wide solutions.
Foreign markets, short-term solutions for domestic manufacturers ' market channels: +ppp Applied practices for domestic urban management development, technological advantages for domestic equipment providers
Overseas markets are an international arena for Chinese security firms and an opportunity to extend domestic video surveillance markets. Currently, the mainstream domestic equipment suppliers have maintained growth rates of more than 60% in overseas markets, mainly because overseas security providers do not have applied practices for urban management development, resulting in a relative lag in the development of the overall solutions and technology products involved, while domestic equipment providers have costs and technology.
The advantage has been found in overseas markets, where they have quickly gained some of the markets. The solution to the market-channel disadvantage is: firms have focused mainly on the traditional security surveillance market, but the market is generally fragmented, and the market has become more fragmented.
China’s security firms are more active as producers, using the oem model, but without market ownership and pricing power. In the short term, it will be difficult to break this pattern, but with the help of the country’s development strategy, domestic security firms can take advantage of the “abandon” approach.
Policies such as “Away” cover the project market. It is well known that “Away” is mainly an investment in government infrastructure along the way, and construction support, with infrastructure components covering urban governance, and the government encourages private capital in the “Away” project, using the ppp model of financing.
New markets offer new opportunities and new challenges. Domestic video surveillance companies have the advantage of building urban governance, but they are mainly oriented towards video surveillance markets, which require faster migration of domestic firms to urban management and more basic urban management data, while differences in national circumstances and weak external infrastructure pose many unexpected challenges.
The company now has a research and development team of nearly 5,000 people, with a national enterprise technology centre, a national postdoctoral mobile station, a joint laboratory with the adi, ti, etc., and deep collaboration with many of the world’s 500-strong defense companies.
In terms of knowledge and depth applications, the company has set up four institutes of advanced applications, artificial intelligence, big data, and chips, which, through their powerful audio and video data structure processing capabilities, are deeply learning about the cutting-edge technologies of the neural network, and are building a technology platform with audio and video data operations at its core. The company, as leader of the global audio and video data solution, will provide a comprehensive and professional solution and height for users.
As a domestic leader, the company is going through a new era of security against industrial upgrading, the "Video+" era of "VideoInfo Services with Video" -- multi-sense and multi-dimensional applications. This requires intelligent security systems to coil multi-dimensional contacts (including spatial information, kinetic information, biometrics, deep voice recognition, etc.): to produce more of the value of video data applications up, supporting more.
Wide business applications (such as the “data brain” of smart cities, urban traffic situation analysis, machine vision, big data early warning and decision-making) have led to the creation of a pyramid-shaped innovation system ranging from chip, big data, artificial intelligence to advanced applications, a more rapid and accurate bonding, easier access to high-end users and output, deeper neural learning and intelligence.
Data collision analysis and data services that are more responsive to business needs; for example, company Wieswich has advanced movidiusmyriad 2 processors that can run a wide variety of deep-secular neural network algorithms at high speeds and significantly reduce power consumption while significantly improving the computing performance of products;
The camera also has reading codes, positioning, matching, measuring, ocr, etc., and has a fully autonomous intellectual property right, which can be applied to a wide range of industrial applications; the product inherits over more than a decade of deep-seated ISP image processing technology in the field of defense control in Da Hwa An, which ensures the camera's high-profile image effects; and the world-class reliability laboratory with 1,000 flat-haired metres and more than 100 specialized test equipment and together guarantees that it will be able to perform a full-time job.
The stockholdings of Da Hwa are clearly laid out for the future, through the new ppp business, from safe cities to smart transportation solutions to the smart city ppp model; through the "one-way-by-the-way" approach, through participation in the ppp and bot projects of countries abroad around national strategies; and around the sound video core technology, the deployment of security operations, machine visuals, drones, oranges.
In 2016, the company launched the slogan “New Dreams, New Services, New Jobs,” which sounded the corner of the company’s new journey of “Billions of Dreams.” The company will steadily improve its performance around the company’s development strategy, building on its internal and external overhauls, and building up its own business performance.