The proposed acquisition of a semiconductor, enhanced storage containment capability, closely following the ai+ wave, long electrical technology (600584.sh)
• Incident: The full-owned subsidiary intends to acquire 80% of the shares in the chassis semiconductor, at a cost of approximately $624 million. According to company announcements, the fully-owned subsidiary, the company ' s chief electricity management company, intends to acquire 80% of the shares in the Western data semiconductor, in cash, and negotiate a purchase price of about $624 million.
The company will be a joint venture with long-power technology with Western data holding 80/20% of the shares, and will establish closer strategic partnerships to enhance customer stickyness. In 2024, the industrial landscape recovered slowly, and we maintain the Quantico semiconductor flash shield, which is expected to support the company’s long-term performance growth.
Disk semiconductors are mainly designed to encapsulate and test advanced flash storage products. The types of products include inand flash storage modules, sd, microsd, etc. The products are widely used in mobile communications, industry and object networking, and their parent Western data will continue to be the main or sole customer of the semiconductor for a certain period of time.
The company will indirectly control the semiconductor of the disk and make a financial statement that will help improve the company’s long-term profitability. • Increased storage of the sealing capacity to speed up the layout of the ai+ business map
This acquisition will effectively enhance the company’s storage containment capability.
The technology system will accelerate the expansion of the downstream storage client community. The company will focus its future on the three main areas of computing high performance, which should be numeracy, resilience and power, with a significant increase in the size of the ring and an up-to-date envelope through the sip, wl-csp, fc, ewlb, pip, pop.
The XdfoiTM series and other advanced technology platforms are expected to benefit from a wave of industrialization in the long term.