Long-power technology (600584.sh) intends to acquire the Western Data Flag Lighthouse Plant to expand the storage chip layout
Company Research & Company Rapid Evaluation: March 4th, Chang Shin Science Bulletin: The Chief Manager of Changsen Science Full-Scientific Corporation intends to buy 80% of the shares of the Chak Chai Semi (Shanghai) Ltd. with $624 million in cash, and the Western data of the seller will hold 20% of the bid after the transaction.
In 2006, it was mainly engaged in the encapsulation and testing of advanced flash storage products, the product types of which include, inter alia, inand flash storage modules, sd, microsd, etc., which are widely used in the areas of mobile communications, industrial and physical networking, automobiles, smart households and consumer terminals.
About 40 per cent (approximately $52 billion) of this company ' s current M & As is in line with the firm ' s strategy and product planning for robust development of electronic storage and computing, thereby rapidly increasing the company ' s share and competitiveness in the global chip storage market; and 2) Upon completion of the transaction, it helped the company and key clients west with billions and 1,605 million yuan (approximately 10.4 per cent and 13.2 per cent of long electricity and technology revenues during the same period), resulting in net profits of 357 million yuan and 222 million yuan (approximately long terms).
In the case of electricity and technology, the net profit of the mother is 11.0% and 44.6% for the same period, and the seller and its associates will continue to be the principal or sole customers of the company for a certain period of time, the firm’s performance will be assured, which will contribute directly to the company’s medium- and long-term performance. US$ 624 million for the acquisition of a distilled semiconductor and the acquisition of a high-quality “lighthouse plant” under the Western Data flag.
According to the company announcement, Jiangsu Chang Electric Technology Co. Ltd., a fully-owned company, the Senior Electric Technology Management Company Ltd., intends to buy 80 per cent of the shares of the Chalk Disk Semiconductor (Shanghai) Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company of the target” or “the Shatter Semiconductor”) in cash and approximately $624 million (the final price will be adjusted for the customary handover based on the cash, liabilities and net operating funds before and after the cut-off).
Western data continue to hold 20% of the shares of a company that has a target. The Disc Semiconductor, established in 2006 in Shanghai, is mainly involved in the encapsulation and testing of advanced flash storage products, and is one of the larger global plants for the encapsulation testing of flash storage products, consisting mainly of inand flash modules, sd, microsd, etc.
It is widely used in mobile communications, industrial and physical networking, automobiles, smart homes, and consumer terminals. Its factories are highly automated and more productive, and it is a “lighthouse plant” that has won prizes in terms of quality, operation, and sustainable development.
According to Trendforce, in the third quarter of 2023, the buyer's share of the western side of the acquisition bid was 16.9%, the third largest global nand flash chip manufacturer. According to Assun News, Western data is the fourth global champion (the global market 3023).
The company’s current merger of Western data is a semiconductor in line with its strategy and product planning for robust electronic storage and computing, thereby rapidly increasing the company’s share and competitiveness in the global chip storage market. At the same time, the company’s share in the Western data is 80/20%, which helps the company.
According to the announcement, the semiconductor of the chassis collected 3,498 million yuan in 2022 and 1,605 million yuan in the first half of 2023 (approximately 10.4 per cent and 13.2 per cent of the same period of long electricity technology), with net profits of 357 million yuan and 222 million yuan (approximately 11.0 per cent and 44.6 per cent of the net profit of the same period of long electricity technology).
and that the seller and its related parties will continue to be the principal or sole customers of the company for a certain period of time, and that the firm will be given a certain level of assurance that the company will have indirect control over the subject company and its financial co-ordination, which will contribute directly to the company's performance and enhance shareholders' assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; and that the logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author