The total number of long-power technologies (600584.sh) q4 orders returned to the same period last year, with strong multi-sector growth activity ~2023h2 partial demand recovery and four-quarter total orders back to the same level of the previous year.
The weak end-market demand and the down-cycle of the semi-conductor industry have led to lower customer demand and lower capacity utilization. At the same time, overall profits have fallen as a result of price pressure. Companies have strictly controlled operating costs, offsetting a recovery in customer demand, and total four-quarter orders have returned to the same level of the previous year. 2023q4 is expected to return to the same period.
In order to be effective, it should be able to respond to market changes, long power technologies and automobiles with high performance, advanced containment technology and sustained demand.
Continuous investment in areas such as industrial electronics and high performance computing to prepare for a new round of demand growth. (1) Arithmetic: high performance envelopes represent important technological pathways for post-Moor era chip performance growth, with a major face to artificial intelligence (ai), high performance computing (hpc), cloud computing, edge computing, etc., which are extremely dynamic and emerging.
The company relies on technology such as high-density isomer-level system encapsulation (sip) and the advantages of off-shore and off-shore plants, increasing the opening of advanced encapsulation solutions with clients in the areas of artificial intelligence, high-performance computing (hpc) and product import, accelerating in areas such as high-calculation systems, power supply management, high-performance storage, smart terminal modules.
With the rapid development of artificial intelligence, the demand for arithmetic has grown significantly, six departments, including the Ministry of Information and Technology, have jointly issued an Action Plan for the Quality Development of Arithmetic Infrastructure, which proposes a 35% smartness ratio of more than 300 eflops by 2025. (2) Strength: company sealing services cover dram, flash
A variety of storage chip products, such as Sun Peak, with more than 20 years of memory encumbrance production experience, 16 layers of Nandflash stacking, 35m ultra thin chip production capacity, and hybrid heterogeneous stacking, are among the leading players in the domestic industry.
According to China's Information and Communications Institute, the country's data availability has grown steadily, with a total capacity growth rate of 25 per cent in 2022 compared to 2021, and a total capacity of 1,000 eb in 2022 (measured in five years).
The Action Plan for Quality Infrastructure Development proposes a total storage capacity of over 1,800 eb in 2025, with an advanced storage capacity of over 30 per cent, and 100 per cent coverage of core and critical data in key sectors. (3) Long-range electricity technology: supported by the xdfoi platform, sounding/calculation
Automobiles: In the first three quarters of 2023, the accumulated electronic revenue of cars increased by 88% over the same period. In the same year, the company started a long-power/car trio -- Hwakin securities -- electronics -- company depth -- block-making project for car chip products to build vertical capacity to meet future business needs. The project will be fully covered.
Intelligent cockpit, smart interconnection, security sensors, and module wrapping types in the "new quadrant" area of the vehicle-car semiconductor, Long Electric Technology: q3 performance loops have increased significantly, and advanced sealing has been officially launched in the new section of Hong Kong in the Shanghai Free Trade Zone.
Reloading of product/operational structure to high value added applications - Reporting (2023), when vehicles reach levels 13, 14/l5, autopilot, high-calculation intelligence chip, sensor
US$ 45 billion per year. (4) Communication radio frequency front-end module: In terms of commercial 5g mm wave demand, long-electric technology is the first product option to import and test 5g mm wavel-patid products from customers, and 5gmm wave antenna aip module products are already in production.
In this context, long-range electro-technology can also provide a well-developed 5g-based station radio-frequency device encapsulation technology that meets the need for high-performance, high-integration 5g infrastructure radio-frequency devices.
30.2/17.7/13.2. Taking into account the roll-out of the full range of XdfoiTM products by long-electric technology, the Chipplet multi-dimensional isomer integration series has entered a stable production phase as planned, adding up future numeracy/sustainability/cars, etc. Market demand for advanced envelopes has continued to grow and buy-a proposal has been maintained.
Risk of technology, new processes, new products not industrializing as scheduled; risk of supply of major raw materials and price changes; sinks