Long-power technology (600584.sh) Electronic integrated circuitsii Acquisition of greater storage advantages — improved customer stickyness, promising performance
On 4 March 2024, LUTS issued a bulletin on the acquisition of 80 per cent of the shares of LUT (Shanghai) Semiconductor (Shanghai) Ltd., a fully-owned subsidiary, which revealed that LUTC would buy 80 per cent of the share of the LCD semiconductor in cash at a price of approximately $624 million.
– Expanding the Nand containment advantage and increasing the glue to Western data clients. The platinum semiconductor is mainly engaged in advanced flash storage, storage and testing of products, including inand flashing modules, sd, microsd storage, etc.
In this area, its plant is highly automated and productively efficient, and it is a “lighthouse plant” that has won a prize in terms of quality, operation, sustainable development. The exhibition's semiconductor operation and range of products are consistent with long-electric strategy and product planning.
Technology’s share of the market in storage and computing electronics, raising the level of intelligent manufacturing, and creating a differentiated competitive advantage. The vendor’s parent company’s Western data is a leading global repository, and has been a long-term partner with long-electric technology since 2003, one of its important clients.
A joint venture with 80/20 shares of S&T and Western data will help to establish closer strategic partnerships between L&T and Western data and enhance customer stickyness. Increasing the market share of related products is expected to enhance the company’s long-term profitability.
The second-largest segment of the semiconductor market, accounting for about 28%, is expected to reach the Sun Peak market in 2024, with a combined growth rate of 8% from 2027 to 2027.
Wang Hae Wei Billion. After this transaction is completed, the seller and its associates will continue to act as the semiconductor for a certain period of time, as the main or only customer, and the semiconductor will be guaranteed a certain level of performance. Long power technology will be indirectly controlled.
The production of the q4 semiconductor and its financial co-mixing will help to increase the long-term profitability of long-electric technology, and the return of the total q4 orders to the same period last year, with a net annual profit of $357 million, about 16 times the purchase.
Multi-sector growth energy is strong - Joaquin securities-electronics-Long Electrics {dram/nandflash reheating > > > > > > > > > > > > > . Company sealing services cover a variety of storage chip products, including dram, flash, with more than 20 years ' experience with memory encapsulation volume, 16 floors of nadflash.
Long-power technology: Xdfoi platform supported, sound arithmetic/ stacking, 35m ultra thin chip production capability, hybrid heterogeneous stacking, etc., are in the lead in the domestic industry.
1) Dram: According to data from the cfm flash market, the revenue of the former plants increased considerably in the fourth quarter, thanks to an increase in the share of high-value products such as hbm, ddr5 and lpdddr5.
The global dram market size ratio grew by 32.1% to $17.26 billion. Of this, year-round, the sk Sea promoted the shift of product/business structures to higher value added applications -- the most prominent role of the Rolex in 2023 and gradually narrowed the gap with the Three Stars.) Nandflash: Based on
Cfm Flash Market Data for HFAQ+ Electronic + Long Electric Technology+, 2023, with a marked improvement in average Nandflash prices in the four quarters, leading to four-quarter growth in revenue from the original plants, especially Nandflash in the four-quarters by Samsung and sk Hercules.
Over 30%. The Yangtze storage also strategically increased its supply in the Oem market, with its 2023 market share. The global Nandflash market size ratio ranged from 24.6% to $12.23 billion in the fourth quarter of 2023. 3) hbm:ai-led hbm demand continues to grow, and is expected to outpace $10 billion in 2025.
The market size is projected at $3.16 billion a year, with a market size of $10 billion a year by 2025. The investment proposal is that, after the acquisition is completed, long power technology will indirectly control the semiconductor and make a financial statement. We adjust the company’s original performance projections, with operating income from 2023 to 2025 coming from the original.
37.8/18.9/14.5 times. Taking into account the roll-out of the full range of XdfoiTM products by long-electric technology, the Chipplet multi-dimensional isomer integration series has entered a stable production phase as planned, adding up future numeracy/sustainability/cars, etc. Market demand for advanced envelopes has continued to grow and buy-a proposal has been maintained.
Technology, new processes, new products are not industrialized as scheduled; major raw materials supply and price changes are at risk; exchange rate fluctuations are at risk; post-acquisition resource consolidation is less than expected; and delivery risks are not completed by the cut-off date.