We're going to buy 80% of the stock in the semiconductor, and we're going to put it on the shelf, and we're going to have a review of the long power technology (600584).
On 4 March, the company issued a public announcement that the wholly-owned subsidiary, Long Electric Management Limited, intended to take 80 per cent of the shares in cash and approximately US$ 624 million in the sum of the shares of the Disk Semiconductor (Shanghai) Ltd. If the deal was successfully completed, the company would hold 80 per cent of the shares in the bid and the seller's parent.
Disk semiconductor is one of the world's larger containment testing plants for flash storage products: the company was established in 2006 and is mainly involved in the encapsulation and testing of advanced flash storage products, the product types include, inter alia, inand flash storage modules, sd, microsd, etc., which are more global in scale.
One of the big storage storage wrapping test plants, whose products are widely used in mobile communications, industrial and physical networking, automobiles, smart households, and consumer terminals, is a good financial indicator for the semiconductor, and this acquisition is expected to have a positive impact on the company’s performance:
In 2022 and 2023, h1 achieved operating income of $3.498.1605 billion, respectively, at the same level of long-power technology. After this acquisition is completed, the Western data and its associates will remain the main or only customer of the Disk semiconductor, the company's business.
Arithmetic power and car electronics lead the way, and China’s sealing dragons will be assured. Long-power technology will indirectly control the company and its finances and run for power.
Tables, which help to enhance companies’ long-term profitability and enhance shareholder returns, further deepen collaboration with the storage giants, with a more robust layout: according to wsts, _aaa_long power technology (600584) is reported for the three-quarters of 2018.
The storage chip is the second-largest segment of the semiconductor market, accounting for around 28%, and is expected to be $130 billion in 2024. In the global storage market, the size of the nand flash chip _aaa_long power technology (600584) is evaluated in 2018.
From 2003 onwards, a long-term partnership has been established with long-term electronics technology. Once the deal is complete, the target company will become a joint venture with 80/20% of technology and Western data, which will contribute to long-power technology and technology.
Western data has established stronger strategic partnerships to enhance customer stickyness. Profit predictions and investment proposals: companies are expected to expand further by acquiring the semiconductor of the platinum.
Market share in storage and computing electronics, technological strength and market competitiveness to achieve more sustainable and comprehensive development.
Risk factors: lower-than-expected recovery of downstream terminals; increased competition in the industry; less-than-expected development of the chain of arithmetic industries; less-than-expected technology development; and poor progress in acquisitions.