q3 high performance and continuous validation of the competitive advantage of platform equipment companies Investment rating: buying (maintaining) the company achieved $20.4 billion in revenue in the first three quarters of 24 years, an increase of 40 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother
4.5 billion yuan, a 55 per cent increase in the same year, and 4.3 billion yuan in non-net profit, a 62 per cent increase in the same year. Thanks to the nationalization of crystal round manufacturing, equipment will continue to benefit from rising capital spending on semiconductors.
One. In 2026, China’s mainland 12-inch crystal-crystal capacity, driven by nationalization, reached 25% of the world’s prices compared to 300 degrees deep, jumped to the top of the world, and crystal-crystal spending rose.
Data show that our semiconductor industry autonomy will rise to 27%, but there is still a gap of hundreds of billions of dollars.
New items, including 12 inches of capacitor coupling plasma medium etching machines accuralx, etc. The company’s 12 inches of cygnus series of pecvd devices have also been delivered to clients in recent days, solving problems with the transfer and process homogeneity of large cygnus.
1. The North’s Chinese invention: the indigenous semiconductor equipment leader, the Ministry of Investment of the Bolt Foundation, among others, has eight years of buyer’s experience in research and development.
Li Mei-hyun, Master of Arts, Chinese People’s University, joined the Huaan Securities College in January 2024. He worked in the E-Computer and Telecommunications industry for four years. He was good at retracers overseas, focusing on the areas related to analog chips and soc, fpga, gpu, etc.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.