Quarterly review 2024: continued high performance, platform excellent 30/10/2024
q3 performed slightly above the forecast median, and semiconductor equipment remained the main driver of growth: in the first three quarters of 2024, the company collected $20,353 million, or 39.51 per cent of the year, of which electronic process equipment (semiconductor equipment plus vacuum & lithium electric equipment) generated approximately $19 billion, or 47 per cent, or 93 per cent;
The revenue from electronic components and other operations was approximately $1.4 billion, or 17 per cent, or 7 per cent; net profit-making equipment income was approximately $7,562 million, or 36 per cent, compared with 36 per cent, electronic components and other business income performed slightly above the forecast median, and semiconductor equipment remained the main driver of performance growth.
q3 profitability has improved consistently, and the platform ' s advantages have gradually emerged: in the first three quarters of 2024, the Division continued to increase its new product R & D investment, with research and development costs of 2,192 million yuan for 2024q1-3, and the same level of profitability has improved largely because of the benefits of the platform ' s downfall, and the increase in the Maori ratio of semiconductor equipment.
The decline in the profitability ring is mainly due to restructuring of products and a drop in the capitalization rate of R & D inputs  The steady growth of inventories and a positive shift in the net cash flow of business activities: firm contracts up to the end of 2024q3 are growing fast, indicating that the company has sufficient orders in hand. 20243 operating net cash flows are 747 million
Quantities, same-50 per cent, with negative swings in the ring ratio. Quantified: Keeping the performance up, looking good at the platform — the indigenous semiconductor equipment platform company, replacing the wave with the long-term beneficiary country: 1) corrosion equipment:
12 inches of logic, storage, power, advanced encapsulation, etc., to achieve full coverage of silicon, metal medium etching, etc. 2) membrane sedimentation equipment: breaking through a variety of nuclears like pvd, cvd and ald.
Heart technology, copper interconnection membrane deposition, aluminium membrane deposition, etc.
Alloy furnaces, low-pressure chemical gas-phase deposition furnaces, bulk atomic-layer deposition furnaces have become the bulk production equipment of the country’s main household, and repeated orders have been obtained on an ongoing basis. 4) Extension furnaces: over 20 items of equipment covering the sic extenuator, silicon silicon extension furnaces, more than 6/8 inches of silicon extenuator furnaces, etc. 5) scrubbers:
The single scrubber covers the entire process of the ai/cu process and is an opt-out platform for the back-tracking process of mainstream domestic manufacturers; the slot scrubber has produced quantities on multiple clients and has been repeatedly ordered. 59 (old 56)/78 (old 73)/1000 (old 9.2 billion yuan) annual net profit.
Three major financial forecasting tables in the North, the East Wu Securities Company, Inc., have been accredited to portfolio investment advisory operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.