Quarterly tri-annual report 2024, prognosis: performance continues to increase, as evidenced by the continued expansion of process coverage and city occupancy rates for platform-type semiconductor equipment, diaphragm deposition, cleaning, stove tubes, de-fired equipment, etc.
As the size of the company increases, the platform’s advantages become apparent, and the company’s performance is expected to increase consistently. 3 has improved on a year-on-year basis, and the ring drop is largely judged to be an increase in R&D costs.
To: 2024q3 net parent interest rates corresponding to the median return and return net profit forecast are: interest-ring decline due mainly to increased R & D costs for q3 and a decline in R & D capitalization rates, and gross genuation of indigenous semiconductor platform-type companies, replacing the wave of beneficiary production in the long term: 1) etching
Ready: 12 inches of logic, storage, power, advanced encapsulation, etc., for silicon, metal. North China Harbour (002371); semi-annual 2024 media etching process fully covered. 2) membrane sedimentation equipment: breakthroughs at pvd, cvd and ald
Queries: Performance continues to increase, looking at core technologies such as platform half, and 20 products such as copper interconnection film deposition, aluminium film deposition, etc. become the home-grown master chip factory's optimist platform. 3) Stereo furnaces: medium-temperature oxidation/discharge furnaces, high-temperature oxygen.
The low-temperature alloy furnaces, the low-pressure chemical phase deposition furnaces, and the bulk atomic layer deposition furnaces have become the bulk production equipment of mainstream domestic customers and are continuously receiving duplicate orders.
Coverage of sic extenuators, silicon silicgan extenuators, 6/8 inches of silicon extenuators, etc.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: taking into account company orders, we maintain company 2024-
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.