The performance of the electronic semiconductor equipment in the North (002371.sz) is expected to increase steadily in the first three quarters, with a steady increase in the city ' s share.
(1) The company develops its customer demand, enriches its product matrix, widens its process coverage, maintains its main business, maintains a good development, market occupancy rates are steadily rising, and revenue has grown steadily in the previous three quarters. (2) As the size of the company ' s revenue continues to expand, the platform ' s advantages are gradually emerging, operating efficiency is improving and cost rates are stable
In the first half of 2024, North China’s two major sectors, high-end electronics equipment and sophisticated electronic components, continued to lead the country.
As a platform-type semiconductor equipment company, the company continues to deepen its client demand, expand its innovative boundaries, enrich its product matrix, and further expand its process coverage. In the area of integrated circuit core equipment, the company has successfully developed high-density plasma chemical deposition (hdpcvd), double Damascus ccp etching machines, stand-up
At the same time, the company’s core products are widely applied in a variety of areas, such as compound semiconductors, new energy photovoltaics, new displays, etc.
By the end of the first half of 2024, companies had accumulated more than 8,300 patents.
In the first half of 2024, the semiconductor equipment facility was expanded four times (the horse semiconductor facility base).
It has also been built and put into use to further enhance the company’s manufacturing capacity. Regionalization/data centres of semiconductor plants and ai chip penetration on the edges, leading to 300 mm crystal round North China: shaping corrosion/film deposition/cleaning/heat treatment
According to the Semi data, global 300mm crystal-crystal platform enterprises are expected to produce a record $400 billion in total expenditure on alternative strategic development (SDP-Hawkin) equipment in deep beneficiary countries from 2025 to 2027. Of this, an increase of 4 per cent is expected in 2024.
North China: 24h1 is expected to increase net profit and spending by 3% to $140.8 billion. This is mainly due to the regionalization of semiconductor plants and the data centre Joaquin Securities-Electronic-Norteco Express.
The growing demand for artificial intelligence chips in peripheral equipment has led to an increase in spending on 300 mm crystal mill equipment. (1) Regionalization of semiconductor plants: China is expected to maintain the world’s largest 300mm equipment by 2027.
The status of the area of expenditure, driven by the policy of self-control of the industrial chain of its semiconductor industry, is expected over the next three years (2025: a strong growth momentum - Joaquin Securities - Electronics - North China, North China, North China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
(a) Billions of dollars to further consolidate its dominance in the fields of dram, hbm and 3dnand flash stocks;
Front-line logical chip manufacturing below 3 nm is the main driving force of its investment. (2) Break-down market: sub-worker between 2025 and 2027, driven by investment in the bottom frontier nodes and continued spending on mature nodes, with 3 nm in the north: q3 continuing growth trends, four solutions.
Of the $230 billion expected to be spent on equipment in the advanced capping industry, the investment in 2nm logic and the development of 2nm critical techniques are essential to meet future high performance and energy efficiency computing needs, especially for artificial intelligence.
Applications. The cost-effective 22 nm and 28 nm processes are expected to grow as a result of the growing demand for electronic and physical vehicle applications. Logic chips and microprocessors are expected to lead equipment spending to an expansion over the next three years, with a total investment projected at $173 billion; storage is expected to exceed $120 billion in equipment spending over the same period.
Of this, investments in dram-related equipment are expected to exceed $75 billion, while investments in 3dnand are expected to reach $45 billion; expenditure on equipment in power-related areas is projected to exceed $30 billion over the next three years, of which amalgamation is projected to be over $30 billion; and, to a lesser extent, in photovoltaic/sensors, to reach $12.8 billion.
Investment proposals: We maintain corporate profitability projections, with the expectation that business revenues from 2024 to 2026 will be increased in storage in the Yangtze River, respectively, with the potential to drive the demand for advanced production/advanced containment related equipment. The North China Initiative, which is committed to building platform-based semiconductor equipment, will benefit fully from the growth in demand and the acceleration of the national production process, with long-term growth dynamics.
Suffice it. Maintain the “buy-a” rating. Period risk; macroeconomic and industry volatility risk; international trade friction risk.