The report reports a high rate of performance, and the flow is moving to the third strategic level.
The company issued a performance forecast for 209h1. The net return profit is expected to be 810-93 million yuan in the first half of 2019, and the company is expected to benefit from the first half of the year from a warmer market mood.
The increase in the number of new openings in the city was 12.5 million, an increase of 19.9 per cent over the same period, benefiting from the first half of the year's warmer market, faster growth in the volume of market transactions and the number of new openings, significant market entry of stock market incremental funds, and significant increases in the incomes of companies in brokering and interest operations, which contributed to a higher rate of growth in the income from securities operations.
The advantage of the Internet finance platform is clear, with products and channels forming a closed business circle \triangleright
By the end of 18, a total of 6,470 funds were sold by 128 public fund managers, with sales of $525.2 billion, or 27.3 per cent more than the previous year.
Millions of people, with an outstanding flow advantage in terms of user stickyness and product distribution channels. At the end of last year, the company won a public fund licence, invested $200 million to set up a fully-owned company's Eastern Finance Fund, received a licence to operate securities futures on 4 July, and will issue its first public collection product within six months.
\triangleright \triangleright
Through the two-wheel drive of the Securities+Elector, through the Financial Large Platforms, securities and power-seller business, the monthly stockholders' conference revealed 19 years of public release of convertible bonds, which would release up to $7.3 billion in debt swaps, of which $6.5 billion would be used for two-severe operations, building on the advantages of the Corporate Financial Large Platform, and looking forward to a further increase in market sentiment in the future.
The short-term appreciation of market sentiment and the rise in market dominance has led to a double-shooting of the company’s performance and valuation, with a long-term view of the future prospects of China’s financial sector. The current valuation level (pe, ttm) is at an all-time high of almost five years.
Chen Xiao, China Social Affairs Institute, post-Doctor of Business Law, and post-Doctor of Financial Sciences. Two years of experience in securities industry policy research. Joined in 2017.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,