In recent days, the Fund has been granted a licence to operate securities futures, which allows it to operate abroad, and is required to issue its products within six months.
• Launching of the EDF public fund-raising product at the third level of liquidity is imminent: the EFA receives a licence to operate securities futures, which allows it to operate abroad, and the EFI is required to issue the PFI product within six months of the date of the licence (in our initial judgement)
The product will be dominated by index funds. In October 2018, the company was approved to mark the company's official entry into the wealth management market.
In the area of domestic wealth management, the re-establishment of large capital management industries as a result of the institutionalization of bulk households, the productization of cash and the new regulations on capital management will usher in a rapid development cycle, with companies demonstrating the three natural core advantages of customer resources, platform systems, operating costs in the domain of wealth management, and appreciating the value of trust.
There is much to be done in the future in the creation of the Fund’s products, investment advisers, and asset allocation to its clients.
In the short and medium term, we believe that securities performance is likely to be sustained by a combination of market turnover and increased market ownership by brokers.
High-speed growth. In the long run, the core competitiveness advantages of the best retailer service model for Eastern securities are significant, including the flow-trend advantage (high sticker users of Eastern wealth networks and stock cafes), low commission rates and two-way interest rates (low-cost advantage for Internet bond dealers), and a richer service model (data).
The company’s stock market is expected to continue to rise, the customer’s resource advantage to materialize, and the Eastern stock securities are expected to become a leader in domestic retail securities. The equity capital is expected to grow even further by issuing fungible funds: the company announcement is expected to be released in May.
Transfer of funds, up to $7.3 billion, to be used to supplement the operating funds of the Eastern Securities Fund, which can be converted into capital, which will then be used to supplement the Eastern Wealth Securities Fund, to expand the scope of operations and to increase their resilience to the wind 1.
The proposed investment in capital funds includes: expansion of the two-way operation, debt-transferable and the expectation that the portfolio will continue to expand; raising the market share (up to $6.5 billion); and scaling up the portfolio (up to $500 million);
Replenishment of Eastern wealth innovation capital to accelerate alternative investment business development (up to 300 million yuan).
At this stage, when capital is raised, corporate equity is expected to expand even more rapidly.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: the EDF products are about to go online, the third tier of liquidity is about to start faster, and the number of clients and the size of operations are further expanded in combination with the recapitalization, with a strong view to retailing.
In the short- and medium-term, the performance of Eastern Treasury securities is expected to continue to increase, and companies are expected to look forward to wealth management prospects 2019-03-06.
East Wu Xinjun, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory committee