Performance exceeded expectations and flows continued to escalate: the company released its mid-2019 report, which generated a total revenue of $1,998 million, an increase of 22.2 per cent over the same period; the net profit of the mother was $871 million, an increase of 55.9 per cent over the same period, corresponding to an excess performance of $0.13 per unit per unit per unit per unit.
▪ Corporate performance exceeded expectations, retail securities continued to grow: companies reported higher performance than expected, and real net profit returns ranged from +55.9 per cent to +871 million, which we believe is due to: 1) Continued high performance in the securities business, driven by a combination of warmer market + higher market participation rates (balance in securities business income).
(ii) The platform is operating more efficiently, and the cost rate shifts to the expected performance growth into a model-effect zone, with total costs ranging from 3.5 per cent to 1.120 billion yuan (of which the cost of interest on a company ' s completion of a tradable stock is reduced by the same financial cost as it is by 63.17 per cent). There is a significant advantage in the company retail securities model (flows).
With capital strength (to be transferred), the city’s share is expected to enter the first line of the industry, and performance continues to grow. ▪ Internet finance platforms continue to be optimized, and fund sales are growing steadily: 1) companies increase their strategic research and development
Inputs (R & D costs +62.3 per cent to 1,349 million yuan) to sustain robust growth in Internet financial services. 3) As the current platform for sales of mainstream funds in the country, upgrading and optimization of R & D inputs has led to a total of 717 public fund managers (better) in 19H1 Internet finance platforms reaching 133 online.
Fund products, the size of the Fund’s investors increased further in late 2018, and the Sky Fund Network, with its outstanding flow advantages in terms of user sticky and product distribution channels, is expected to continue to contribute to steady performance.
The Fund receives a licence to operate securities futures, the public collection product is issued immediately (the index fund will be dominated at the beginning of the judgement), the company formally enters the wealth management market, and the third level of liquidity is accelerated 1. Eastern wealth (300059): public fund-raising
(Corporates have experienced three major leaps since then: fund swaps - retail securities - wealth management) In the area of domestic wealth management, the institutionalization of bulk households, the productization of cash, and the major financial flows brought about by new regulations on capital management 2019-07-04.
The re-establishment of the industry will usher in a rapid development cycle, with companies demonstrating three natural core advantages of customer resources, platform systems, operating costs in the area of wealth management, credit recognition, future debtability of the Fund ' s products, and the expectation that securities will continue to expand.
There is much to be done in terms of creation, investment advisers, and customer asset allocation.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: FFA products are about to be online and flow realization level 3 is accelerating. Quarterly reviews: significant changes in securities operations.
In the short-to-medium term, the performance of Eastern Treasury securities is expected to continue to increase, and companies are expected to improve.
(Figure 6: Eastern Wealth Fund sales and revenues, 2013~2019h1 East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a Portfolio Investment Advisory Board.