The company issued its semi-annual performance forecast for 2019, which is expected to result in a net return profit of 810 million yuan and 930 million yuan, about 45-66.48 per cent higher than in the previous quarter.
19q2 seasons were over-expected, with a significant increase in the ring ratio. The company issued its semi-annual performance forecast for 2019, 1.) 19h1 is expected to realize a net return profit of 810 million yuan-930 million yuan, or an increase of approximately h1+51.98 per cent in the same period; due to the lag in the participation of individual investors over market conditions, the main business of Eastern wealth is accounted for.
For brokering and blending, corporate performance is significantly more sensitive to individual investor activity than to the market; securities business is growing rapidly and openings have increased significantly in the second quarter. 19h1 corporate securities revenue has increased significantly: 1) brokerage revenue is expected to grow rapidly, benefiting from an increase in new investors on the one hand.
Add (1.34 million additional investors per month in April/May, at the same level as 19q1 and a cumulative increase in January/May, combined business income is also expected to grow faster, mainly as a result of the continued increase in market shares of the two portfolios, good cost controls and a growing diversification of business layouts. 1) Prerequisites for rapid growth in operating income
(b) In recent days, the Eastern Finance Fund, a subsidiary of the Department established in 18, has officially received a licence to operate securities futures operations, based on a cost structure based on a market value collected on 12 July 2019, which foresees a decline in financial and administrative costs and an increase in sales costs;
The East's Wealth Transfer Plan Review: Capital Strength is a big deal and will be officially released in the course of the year as public fund-raising products, corporate business maps, companies looking forward to long-term development.
Expanding to the area of wealth management. 3) With 18h2 companies achieving only $400 million in net return profits, the base figure is higher than the Eastern Wealth Quarterly: a steady and low performance under the high base, and the company is expected to maintain a high performance growth for the entire 19-year period.
The company’s traditional niche business continues to grow rapidly, and with its increasingly diversified business layout, the combined strength will continue to grow. The company’s year-round performance is expected to continue at a high rate at a low base of 18h2 and to see the future of the company.
The impact of the introduction of the policy on the industry is more than anticipated; market volatility has a double effect on industry performance and valuation.