In the context of the three-quarterly review of \triangleright's three-quarterly report, the company has shown strong performance resistance and operational resilience, step by step.
For the product \triangleright, the company insists on a down-period-controlled price stabilization strategy, with prices stable during the year of the high cellar, and three seasons.
The low-lying cellars in the north of the river, the ring, and the market at the Lake Tea base are solidly established and perform better than high in the year.
In the case of channels, with a “five-size-one-size” approach, progress is made towards a cost-transfer mechanism based on a bottle-opening rate, optimizing the chain of distribution of channel benefits.
At the same time, cooperation and self-building on power platforms have been enhanced to increase consumer penetration.
Mainly due to poor return of high-end products and a downward shift in the tonnage structure. The sales/management rates are 25q1-3 respectively.
3. Tri-quarterly reporting points in Suzhou (000585.sz) 2024 Performance reservoirs are stable, taking into account the actual rate of increase in advance receipts and the matching of collection.
Question: q3 Slow down pressure, persistence of long-termism - 2024/10/4. Mid-year review of 2024 in the old cellars of the Länder (000585.sz):
Accounting for real collections to offset company disruptions due to order confirmation, speed of delivery, etc., 25q3 pros--2024/08/31 Investment proposal: corporate organizational excellence, complete product matrix, sound and orderly downtime controls, etc.
A 24-year quarterly review of the risk of volatile wholesale prices due to robust performance and product upgrading \triangleright; food safety risks, etc.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.