On October 30, 2025, the Cedars published a tri-quarters report for 2025.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn zhangqian@cfsc.com.cn Increase the cost of promoting sales and slow the pace of sales
The net interest rate is equal to 2 pct to the strategic savings of controlled price stabilization, channel conversion enhancement terminals reach product ends, companies insist on a steady price of 1573 for domestic customers, and product batch stability is excellent.
Competing; favoring medium- and high-end popular mainstream products such as special 60s, features, headlines, slanting resource allocation, continuing 38° product development, promoting new and innovative forms of drinking, including ice drinks, and strengthening the public market position; and actively setting up high-growth light bottles
Liquor lanes, a completely new diagonal product, are now being piloted in the core city.
1 The Cedars (000568). The performance platform works together to enhance direct contact with the terminal and the consumer.
The company adheres to the strategy of “double brands, trilogy, big monoliths” and actively responds to the growth of consumption.
We're looking forward to a steady future of business. According to the tri-quarters of 2025, we're adjusting to the three-quarters.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, increased risks from competition in the industry, risks from food safety, and new food beverages, Sunshan: Master of Economics, eight years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the beverage plate, study in depth the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the NSS, New Age securities, stock fundamentals, seeking medium- and long-term equity opportunities, mastering short- and medium-term potential shares, and working hard to think about the white wine plate, with deep market thinking and insight into the Sou wine.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.