Three-quarter reviews in 2025: good business, orderly clean-up, positive, innovative change for development.
Environmental restrictions, proactive promotion of price stabilization, price stability better than other competitions at the same price. 25 q3 saloons have the same income as 9.8 per cent, with an estimated product acceleration of 25h1, with Chinese customers down by double digits and earnings less volatile; special 60s are slightly lower than the same price, and the old word is maintained by the same number.
Growth, stable year-on-year ratio; headline increase, but other low-end liquors are still at the adjustment stage.  Performance is better than income and net interest rates are falling slightly. 1) At-end: 25q3 sales are on the same date as -1.8 per cent, the principal instruments receivable are slightly tightened, advance receipts are on the increase, and o3 contract liabilities are on the line.
The balance is +1.180 billion yuan and the ring is +310 billion yuan. 2) At the profit end: 25q3 sales net interest rate and annual branding activities, the journey to the cellars and the cost of the red bottle openings remain high.
Increased market depth, opportunities for increased consumer demand in the districts and in some villages, 2025 The Spring Farm Project focused on expanding the core terminals, and the next five years planned to expand the number of terminals from 500,000 to the Penthouse (000568), which is reported in mid-2025.
4 million. Promote product innovation in response to low-level, healthy, easy-spoken, diversified demand, and develop a reserve of 28, 16 and 6 degrees. Low-level products will provide a richer taste.
The core base plate. The resources have been tilted towards high-end products such as the 60th edition of the specials, the specials, the headlines, etc., and a new light bottle has been launched. 4 Promotes channel transformation, full digital marketing, and optimizes costs.
With the management of the stock plate and the integration of all the channels on-line, in 2025 the Cedars continued their pains and actively took advantage of the opportunity as part of a “dealer and end-strategy win-win scheme” that will focus on balancing profit distribution across all channels.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies are forward-looking about the industry cycle, have responded to digital marketing, terminal sinking, etc., stock and price board controls remain robust, and the current cycle is significantly stronger than figure 2.25 q3 with a split between the net return and the rate of increase in the mother's return.
Fig. 1: 25q1-3 Uttar Pradesh ' s NPC contribution to the same rate of increase The three major financial forecasting tables of the Ntangzhou County Stewardship are now qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.