WuXi AppTec (603259 CH)
Non-COVID business to maintain solid growth
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB121.52
Strong earnings growth in 2022. WuXi AppTec reported 2022 revenue of
(Previous TP
RMB142.20)
RMB39.4bn, up 72% YoY, attributable recurring net income of RMB8.3bn, up
Up/Downside
51.4%
103% YoY, and attributable adjusted non-IFRS net income of RMB9.4bn, up 83%
Current Price
RMB80.26
YoY. The Company delivered resilient growth despite COVID-19 impacts through
2022, with revenue increasing by 71%/ 66%/ 78%/ 72% YoY for 1Q/ 2Q/ 3Q/ 4Q,
China Healthcare
respectively. Considering the high revenue base of 2022, management guided
JIII WU, CFA
positive revenue growth of 5-7% YoY for 2023E, and reiterated its revenue CAGR
target of over 34% in 2021-24E. Specifically for 2023E, management expected
revenue of WuXi Chemistry, excluding the commercial-stage COVID-19 project,
to maintain a solid growth momentum at 36-38% YoY, the combined revenue of
Benchen HUANG, CFA
WuXi Testing, WuXi Biology, and WuXi ATU to increase by 20-23% YoY and
revenue of DDSU to decline more than 20% due to proactive pipeline adjustment
to meet the changing R&D needs of Chinese clients.
Stock Data
Non-COVID projects to fuel sustainable growth. WuXi Chemistry's revenue
increased by 105% YoY in 2022, mainly driven by the 173% YoY revenue
growth from its chemical CDMO services. Excluding commercial-stage COVID-
19 projects, WuXi Chemistry segment delivered impressive growth of 40% YoY
in 2022. Based on our rough estimates, revenue from the COVID-19 projects
could account for ~20% of WuXi AppTec's total revenue in 2022. We think the
Shareholding Structure
solid growth of WuXi AppTec's business reflected the robust demand from the
Company's extensive and balanced client base amid the temporarily
challenging financing environment.
Share Performance
Years' of investment turning new modalities services into new drivers.
Revenue of new modalities-related services (TIDES, mainly including oligo
and peptides) jumped by 158% YoY in 2022 to RMB2.0bn, represented ~16%
Source: FactSet
projects). Moreover, revenue from new modalities within WuXi Biology
segment experienced strong YoY growth of 90%, contributing 22.5% of
12-mth Price Performance
segment revenue in 2022 (vs 14.6% in 2021). The Company has built the
largest drug discovery team in the world, functioning as a critical project
source for its downstream services, such as CDMO and clinical CRO. More
synergies among its various business segments are yet to be released.
Consistent globalization efforts. WuXi AppTec spent RMB10.0bn in Capex
in 2022 and plans to invest RMB8-9bn in 2023E to further enhance its global
network. In overseas market, the Company is constructing large-scale drug
Source: FactSet
product manufacturing facilities in the US as well as full-suite R&D and
manufacturing sites in Singapore with a total investment of US$1.4bn in next
10 years. Its fast-growing global network will enable the Company to better
meet the growing and diversified client demand in the ever-changing market.
Maintain BUY. Our TP of RMB121.52 is based on a 10-year DCF model with
WACC of 11.57% and terminal growth of 3.0%. We forecast WuXi AppTec's
revenue to grow by 6.9%/ 30.9%/ 26.6% YoY and adjusted non-IFRS net
income to grow by 13.5%/ 31.2%/ 25.8% YoY in 2023E/ 24E/ 25E,
respectively.
Earnings Summary
Figure 1: Earnings revision
Figure 2: CMBIGM estimates vs consensus
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets. Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or is
this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her co
directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and
dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in t
research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this rep
interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM does not provi
advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of
events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuat
the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategi
consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM or its affiliate(s)
report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor ar
agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the infi
Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIGM has
ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The info
change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf of its cl
should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be away
conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipien
be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended from
are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person w
CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the independent of the control of the control of the control
research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Au
subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distrib
other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the Financial
Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research
under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an I
the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.