Building Bank released its Annual Report 2017 on March 27, with a net return of $242.3 billion throughout the year, the same size as the performance, and a significant increase in retail loans.
\triangleright Performance Driver, the main driver of performance is scale expansion (yoy:5.9%). Of this, loans (yoy:9.8%) are trillion (yoy: 17.5%) and the balance is first in the business; and personal consumer loans are in the same business at the time of consumption upgrading.
I. For the public (youy: 9.7%, 58%) the status of major players in the areas of infrastructure credit, housing finance, etc., is maintained, with the balance of loans in the capital sector of 3.4 trillion (youy: 15.9%), which accounts for 52% of public loans.
In 2017, the net interest difference was 2.21%, a slight increase of 1 bp over the same year. The interest-rate spread on the single-season line for the fourth quarter of the year, in turn, decreased by more than the interest-bearing asset rate, with a net gain of 2.10%, and an increase of 4 basis points from the previous year, ultimately resulting in a slight increase in the net rate difference. The drag effect of the interest-rate differential on performance has been reduced over the past three years.
The company’s non-interest income fell by $18.1 billion in the same year, mainly by 19.3 billion in income from life insurance, but also by $20 billion in cost of insurance operations, so it was actually making a positive contribution. Undesired recognition of acceleration and robust asset quality
Over 90 days in the second half of the year, the rate of late loan generation fell 21bp below the rate in the first half of the year, as shown by the fact that the total amount of overdue loans fell by 20 billion in the second half of the year, after an increase of 7.7 billion in the first half of the year.
The company has a traditional advantage in capital credit and currently has an excellent asset quality. Under the table of funds for a strong regulatory environment, the company’s credit expansion leads to higher profits. The company’s valuation is on a flat average, but at the bottom of its history.
2. Construction Bank (601939) reported performance ratings for 2016: steady growth in non-interest income and positive improvement in asset quality
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements, Li Feng, Executive Vice-President of the Institute, served on the National Economic and Social Commission, the Ministry of National Materials, the Ministry of Internal Trade, the China Sinda Trust Investment Corporation, and the Chinese Galaxy Securities Corporation.