Martinine, the net profit margin is stable and profits are growing at a higher rate. The net profit return is growing steadily, the exchange rate is lagging. The profit increase before the reserve is only 3.9 per cent. 18q1 achieves a net return profit of 73,815 million, an increase of 5.43 per cent, compared with 5.43 per cent.
Since then, a single-quarter net gain on exchange has been around 2 billion, and 17q1 is unusual. After a negative drag of $7.7 billion on exchange, pre-repreparation profits have increased by up to 10 per cent, roughly the same as in 17 years.
Core operations have remained stable. Revenues have increased steadily, resulting in a reduction in fees and fees and net revenue from commissions. Business income of $183.221 billion was achieved in the first quarter, an increase of 7.27 per cent over the previous quarter and an increase of 4.53pc over the previous 17 years. Net interest-driven interest income has increased by 14.74 per cent over the same period.
At the end of March, total assets were 22,85 trillion, an increase of 3.24 per cent from the end of 17 years.
Corporate assets increased by 62.18 billion in the first quarter, mainly because of the ease of liquidity that has prevailed since 18 years, the unbundling of the building bank as a source of capital, and the larger increase in the deposit and buy-back of assets by $37.6 billion and $279 billion, respectively.The size of investment-type assets remained essentially the same, at the end of March, at approximately 5.2 trillion.
According to wind data, the size of the joint inventory at the end of March was approximately 68.2 billion, an increase of only 5.8 billion by the end of 17 years. 2.11 per cent, a little faster than the total loan growth rate of 1.93 per cent. The quality of the assets remained stable, while the construction bank continued to operate prudently and increased its provision, amounting to $38.24 billion per quarter, an increase of $2,078 million over the same period last year.
Overall, the provision is adequate and the risk resilience is further enhanced.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: building bank performance continues to improve and net interest differentials rise steadily; asset quality Building bank annual report ratings: net interest differentials
The increase in profits before the first quarter is due to higher fluctuations in exchange rate earnings.
After the impact is eliminated, core profitability remains stable. Building banks as basic, high-quality businesses is expected to continue to improve. We expect their net return profits to be 2. Banks: interest increases affect banks in 18/19/20.
3. Banking thematic report: a different angle
Figure 6: Capital adequacy of construction banks Figure 8: Structure of construction bank deposits Figure 7: Structure of construction bank loans
Figure 9: Construction bank net interest spread East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory board