1st Quarter 2018: good ratings, exchange-rate perturbations and delays, big clients and government resources accumulated over the years against the backdrop of 18 years of continued financial deleveraging.
The advantages will be further unleashed against a backdrop of 18 years of relatively strong corporate financing needs. Corporate capital structure is dominated by traditional business, less regulated influence, and asset quality is better than that of peers.
Net interest income grew strongly, with exchange-rate disturbances delaying performance. Net profits increased by 5.4 per cent over the same period in the first quarter of 18 years of construction (excluding other operating costs) by 3.7 per cent over the same period and slowed down by 17 years (6.2 per cent). Net interest income for the first quarter of the company increased by 14.7 per cent over the same period, and improved by 17 years (8.3 per cent);
Owing to regulatory factors, corporate fees continue to show negative increases, with a 2.2 per cent drop in fees for the first quarter compared to the previous year. In a context of strong growth in net corporate interest income, the main drag on the growth rate has declined, and better performance of net interest income will lead to an increase in the growth rate of corporate revenues.
The negative expansion slowed down in four quarters, and the size of the deposits contracted slightly. The construction of the bank slowed by 2.1 percentage points to 5.5% at the end of the fourth quarter, compared to the previous three quarters, mainly as a result of the contraction of assets in the corporate and portfolio categories.
We've continued to slow down and have a sound asset quality. We've continued to improve the quality of assets in the first quarter of construction, with an adverse rate of 1.49% at the end of the first quarter and a flat ring. We measure the company's annual deterioration in the first quarter of the first quarter.
The rate of generation was 0.48% (assuming that the write-off rate for non-performing loans for the first quarter of 18 years was the same as for the same period of 17 years), a decrease of 17 bp from 17 years. The overall poor recognition of the construction line was strict, with less adverse future pressures. Company 1 end of season provision coverage and loan allocation increased by 18 pct/27bp to 189% and 2.82%.
It is expected that the scope for regulating future credit costs will be further increased, thereby increasing profitability.
The construction bank published an 18-year quarterly report, which increased the net profit of the construction bank in the first quarter of 2018 + 5.43 per cent; total assets 22,85 trillion yuan.
The growth in net interest income was strong, with exchange-rate disturbances delaying performance The net profit earned in the first quarter of 18 years increased by 5.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis by 3.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis (excluding other operational costs) and slowed down by 17 years (6.2 per cent). Net interest income earned in the first quarter of the company increased by 14.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, improving from 17 years (8.3 per cent) on a year-on-year basis.
The revenue from fees continued to show a negative increase, with a 2.2 per cent decline in the revenue from fees in the first quarter compared to the other quarter, which, against a backdrop of strong growth in net corporate interest income, was due mainly to exchange gains and a 73 per cent decline in the return from the first quarter. Exchange gains from companies amounted to $14.5 billion in 17 years and $10 billion in only one quarter of 17 years, and we believe that net interest income will be higher as the impact of the following quarter on the 17-year base diminishes.
Good performance will lead to an upswing in corporate revenue growth. Deposits expanded robustly, with sharp interest differentials, with a 3.3% increase in the first quarter of the round, with a 1.9% increase in total loan lending in the first quarter, and a slower increase in portfolio investment.
The production-cycle ratio declined by 1.2% (we believe that it is mainly affected by the 19th New Regulation impairment, which is expected to result in a small increase in portfolio investment-type assets). In the context of the industry, it is expected that the large banks’ inspiritable advantage will be maintained and the deposits will increase steadily.
Considers that the increase in interest differentials is mainly due to the upward movement of asset-end earnings resulting from the increase in loan pricing capacity. According to our calculations, the interest-bearing asset yield ratio of the company for the first quarter is 3 bp to 3.65 per cent above the cost of interest-paying liabilities (from 1 bp to 1.57 per cent above).
A continuous improvement in the quality of assets in the first quarter of the construction bank, with an adverse rate of 1.49 per cent at the end of the first quarter, with a flat ring ratio. We measure a negative rate of 0.48 per cent for the first quarter of the company's single quarter (assuming that the rate of write-off of non-performing loans in the first quarter of 18 years was the same as in the same period in 17 years), a decrease of 17 bp from 17 years.
Under the new provisions, we expect to build more room to regulate future credit costs, thereby increasing profit elasticity. Against the backdrop of 18 years of sustained financial deleveraging, the build-up of large clients and government resource advantages over the years will be further unleashed against 18 years of relatively strong corporate demand for financing.
Over-intended regulation and a decline in asset quality.