M.M.I.M. (300,760) Medical biology, leading the domestic medical apparatus that continues to grow at a high rate, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Performance summary: companies achieved business income of $10.28 billion in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 23.2 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers of $2.9 billion, an increase of 45.3 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers of $2.85 billion, an increase of 41.4 per cent in the same year; net operating cash flow of $2.45 billion, an increase of 9.3 per cent in the same year.
At that time, the company forecast a total annual income of $13.14.3 billion, an increase of 16.3 to 28.0 per cent, and a year-long non-repatriation rate of high growth, with slightly higher market expectations. In the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved a similar rate of growth of 23.2 per cent and 45.3 per cent, respectively.
47.9 per cent, or 47.9 per cent, of the fourth quarter ' s net profit from retrenchment continues the rapid growth trend, mainly due to: 1) the company ' s increasing market openings, higher product sales and steady growth in sales earnings; 2) the focus on major industries, controlling fee reductions, improving management efficiency and scaling up effects, and faster growth in corporate performance.
• High-end medical equipment is expected to grow rapidly, driven by hierarchies and import substitution. At present, high-end medical equipment is dominated by foreign capital. In recent years, the country has introduced a series of incentives: on the one hand, 13, 5 plans and China's 2025 policy, which clearly calls for the accelerated development of high-end medical equipment and equipment to fill it up.
The demand for medical facilities at all levels is matched by a selection of high-quality medical equipment, which promotes the purchase of basic medical equipment, as well as an acceleration of import substitution at the level hospitals. As domestic manufacturers upgrade their technology, national firms in the high-end medical equipment industry are expected to open up opportunities for import substitution.
• Autonomous R & D + extended M & As, the company has become a leader in high-end medical equipment in the country. Since its inception, the company has maintained a high investment in R & D, with more than 10% of its turnover in 2006-2017, amounting to $7.5 billion, with the company remaining a national leader in a number of areas; on the other hand, it has been public since 2008.
The Division began the process of diversification and internationalization by acquiring 12 enterprises, from single-product varieties to multi-product lines, from domestic markets to global markets, from low-end to high-end products. The company is now the leading provider of medical devices and solutions globally, serving as a domestic medical provider.
The therapeutic plant is the leader of an innovative research and development and internationalization pole enterprise.1 From Shenzhen to the head of a global domestic medical device, Miri was established in 1991 and is based in Shenzhen, China, and is mainly engaged in the development, manufacture, marketing and development of medical equipment.
After many years of development, companies have become the world’s leading providers of medical devices and solutions, leading domestic medical instruments, and innovative research and development and internationalization poles. The stages of corporate development can be divided into three main stages:
Exploration phase: Early operations were dominated by medical equipment, such as proxy monitors, and after building up the original funds, the company started with an attempt to develop its own products. In 1992, the company's first autonomous research and development product, the O2 Saturation Surveillance, was launched.
, which lays the foundation for firm and autonomous research and development by companies. Autonomous research and development phase: in 1996, the company was awarded the National Torch Program's priority high-technology enterprise, and in 2001, the company established the Beijing Research and Development Centre, which launched China's first full-automatic blood cell analysis through autonomous research and development.
, China’s first full-automatic biochemical analyser, and China’s first full-digit black and white ultrasound series of products. The internationalization and diversification phase: companies were listed in the United States in 2006 and a strategic course for globalization was launched.
The company established the New Jersey Research and Development Centre, the Stockholm Research and Development Centre, Sweden, and expanded its research and development capabilities. At the same time, in terms of outreach: the domestic acquisition of eight companies, such as Suzhou Hee-sheng and Changsha Sky People, in 2011-2012, enriched the product lines of in vitro diagnosis, bone surgery and endoscopes; and foreign acquisitions of the United States DataScope Life Information Guardian Service and the United States High-end Colors.
The new branding strategy was fully launched in 2010 to shape a new image of internationalized brands for future development. The company’s privatization of US shares in 2016, and its listing in 2018, will open a new path to corporate development.
After the company had been privatized, it had made several asset restructurings, equity acquisitions and business mergers. The company’s founders, Li Sitting and Xu Air, together, had become de facto controllers and signed an agreement with the co-operators.
The company has 39 offshore subsidiaries in more than 30 countries in North America, Europe, Asia, Africa, Latin America, etc.
There are 17 subsidiaries and more than 40 affiliates in the country, forming a vast network of globalized R & D, marketing and services. Since its inception, the company has been working in the field of deep-farming medical equipment, along the path of endogenous and expansive development, expanding its product lines and territory, moving from a single product to a multi-product line, moving from a domestic market to a global market with a low-end product.
The company's business history: more than 10 billion dollars in revenue, 2.5 billion dollars in profits, leading domestic medical equipment enterprises, and after the privatization of the company: 11.2 billion yuan in 2017, a 23.7 per cent increase in net profits and net profits.
After many years of development, the company’s products are concentrated in three major areas of medical equipment: life information and support, in vitro diagnosis and medical imagery. In 2017, the combined share of the company’s three product lines of income and Māori together amounted to 97.7%, representing the core business of the public sector. Life information and support services accounted for around 37%, in vitro diagnostics for about 33%, medicine.
After nearly two decades of international business, Murray's products are sold out to more than 190 countries and territories around the world, entering the core of a large number of top-of-the-ball hospitals and research institutions. In the United States, where medical technology is at the top of the scale, and where technical regulations are most stringent, Murray has become a major player.
At the top teaching hospitals in European countries such as England, Germany, and France, Murray offers high-quality, integrated and well-developed information solutions to its core sections.
There is a 7x24-hour customer call service in a number of countries. At the same time, overseas training centres exist in several countries, including the United States, the Netherlands, Colombia, India, and India.
Billions of dollars, at an annual compound rate of 6.1%, account for almost half of the company’s total revenues, and are highly internationalized. Corporate continental revenue, 2 custody, vd, and video operations go hand in hand, creating a national leader. 2.1 International profile: Europe and America are leading, with giants in tens of billions of dollars.
Medical devices are instruments, equipment, appliances, in vitro diagnostic reagents and calibrations, materials and other similar or related items, including required software, that are used directly or indirectly in the human body, primarily for medical diagnosis, supervision and treatment. As the global population grows naturally, population ageing increases, and economic growth in developing countries increases, taking a long-term perspective.
The market for medical devices within the sphere will continue to grow. According to valuatemedtech, global sales of medical devices in 2016 were $38.6 billion, projected to exceed $520 billion in 2022, and the average annual compound growth rate will be maintained in specific areas, with sales of 15 major types of medical devices amounting to $325.4 million by 2016, bringing the total market size
The ratio is 84.1 per cent and is projected to reach $43.86 billion in 2022. The first three categories of medical devices are in vitro diagnosis, cardiovascular and image, with global market sizes of $49.4 billion, $44.6 billion and $39.2 billion in 2016, respectively, and market size is expected to reach $69.6 billion, $62.3 billion and $48 billion, respectively, by 2022.
From a regional perspective, the medical equipment industry in developed countries and regions, such as Europe and America Day, has developed at an early stage, with high technical and quality requirements for medical equipment products, market demand dominated by product upgrading, large and stable markets, and emerging markets, represented by China, are the world’s most potential markets for medical equipment, demand for product diffusion, and demand for upgrading.
Growth has been faster in recent years. United States: the largest market and manufacturing country for medical devices, with a global share of about 40 per cent, has a strong R & D power, \triangleright
Europe: The second largest market and manufacturing country, with a global share of about 30 per cent, Germany and France are the leading \triangleright manufacturers and exporters of medical devices in Europe.
China: The world ' s major production base for medical devices is about 14 per cent worldwide, with the highest production in the world in many areas of medium- and low-end medical appliances \triangleright, but the domestic market for high-end medical devices is dominated by foreign firms.
Japan: Medical devices are important countries, and the main advantage is in the field of medical imagery. \triangleright 2016, the top 10 medical equipment companies worldwide accounted for 37% of the market share and the top 30 medical equipment companies.
63% of the market share, of which the top five are mainly Madonli, Johnson-Johnson, Siemens, Philips and Rhodes (in vitro diagnostics), 2.2 Domestic profiles: with incentives for innovation and import substitution, the industry is rapidly developing in a country with a large population, and the medical equipment industry is a strategic and emerging industry that is a priority for the State, with broad prospects for development.
With the rapid economic growth, the country’s medical equipment industry has grown rapidly, growing from 43.4 billion yuan in 2006 to 3,69.6 billion yuan in 2016, with an average annual compound growth rate of about 23.89%, and China’s medical equipment industry is in a rapid state of development. The medical equipment industry has begun relatively late, with a certain gap with the international medical equipment giants, especially for the big ones.
Equipment and high-end medical equipment, domestic medical institutions still tend to use imported equipment, and the high cost of importing medical equipment is one of the reasons for the high cost of medical care. Domestic medical equipment manufacturing enterprises are concentrated in conventional products, including small- and medium-sized equipment and consumables, at the lower and lower ends, with only some of the products available and imported by the Medical Equipment Chamber.
Strengths, such as guardianship, anesthesia, blood cell analysers, colour and biochemical analysers, etc. In recent years, the state has introduced a series of good policies for the medical equipment industry, which has supported the national medical equipment industry in terms of both innovation and the nationalization of high-end products.
Incentives for innovation: the country has made high-end medical equipment a priority development objective. For example, China Manufacturing 2025, the 13th Five-Year Plan, and the National Development and Reform Commission ' s Directory of Guidance on Strategic and Emerging Products and Products (2016th edition).
The Government Procurement Act provides that, where medicines and medical devices are produced in the country, public procurement projects must, in principle, purchase national products and gradually increase the equipment levels of public health-care institutions. The reform of the medical equipment approval system has created a fast track for innovative medical devices, and some provinces and municipalities have shown a marked bias in the bidding system towards medical equipment produced in the country.
The Institute is also increasingly confident in national production equipment and is gradually receiving equipment from recipient countries.Figure 18: The State has put in place a series of good policies for the medical equipment industry: 2.3 Life Information and Support: Traditional Core Business.
Life information and support products are the business of the company at its inception, and they are more varied, including, inter alia, guardianship instruments, defibrillators, anaesthetic machines, respirators, electrocardiogram machines, operating beds, surgical operations, etc., suspension bridges, etc., which can be used for patient life information to detect a combination of instruments and solutions supported.
The company earned $4.2 billion in 2017, an increase of 18.9% in the same year, and the Māori rate rose from 61.5% in 2014 to 65.5% in 2017. Structurally, the ratio of guardianship devices, anesthesia machines, lighthouse beds and defibrillators was higher, with a ratio of 38.2% as core products.
2.3.1 Guardianship: Steady Growth, Global Number Three, National First Guardian, is a system to monitor patient physiological parameters and can be compared with known set values to alert against cases of excess standards. The market size of the global (excluding Japan) guardian product was $2.68 billion in 2015 and 2016, respectively.
Gold and $2.68 billion, compared with the projected market size of $2.79 billion in 2017; China ' s surveillance products market in 2015 and 2016 was 1.79 billion yuan and 1.75 billion yuan, and the market is expected to be 2.02 billion yuan in 2017.
Deep-farming for many years, providing a complete set of equipment and solutions, including bedside monitors, telemetry monitors to the central guardianship system. In 2017, the company ranked third and first, respectively, in the global and Chinese guardianship equipment markets. Figure 22: Global guardianship market pattern 2016
2.3.2 Apart from tremors: Rapid growth, fifth in the world, domestic tremors are a first-aid device that uses electric shocks to rescue and treat heart rate disorders, which are widely deployed in public places such as airports, stations, shopping malls, and writing buildings, in addition to being used in medical institutions. As people become more aware of first-aid, it is removed.
The demand for defibrillators continues to grow. The size of the global market for defibrillators in 2015 and 2016 (excluding the United States and Japan) The annual market for tremors in China is 530 million yuan and 650 million yuan, and the projected size of the market is 750 million yuan in 2017.
In 2016, the company ranked fifth in the global and second in China ' s tremors market. The company ' s main competitors, including Dr. Djoll Medical, Philips and Schiller Swiss Medical Devices, are currently not listed in the country as their main product.
2.3.3 Anaesthetic machines: Rapid growth, both domestic and foreign, are medical equipment used to provide the patient with full-body anaesthesia, oxygen and ancillary or controlled breathing. In 2015, the market size is projected at US$ 930 million; in 2015 and 2016, the market size for Chinese anaesthesia products was US$ 910 million.
The market size of the company’s anaesthetic products is growing, with the company’s revenue from the sale of anaesthesia products growing by 540 million yuan in 2017, or 28.9 per cent, according to the Chinese Medical Equipment Association, the company grew globally in 2016 (excluding Japan) and from China’s maha.
Intoxicant equipment is ranked third in the market. The company’s main competitors for anaesthetic equipment are the manufacturers of medical equipment, including Delg and general electrical equipment, and there are currently no listed companies in the country whose main product is an anaesthetic machine.
The company’s income has fluctuated slightly over the last three years, reaching $380 million in 2017, an increase of 25.6%.
2.4 In vitro diagnosis: The whole product line layout, the in vitro diagnosis (invitrodiagnosis, vd) of the country's leading enterprise refers to the diagnosis of the blood, body fluids, tissue samples taken from the human body for subsequent examination, and more than 80 per cent of clinical diagnosis of the disease is currently based on vd and is known as the “eye” of the doctor.
In vitro diagnosis is the world ' s largest breakdown of medical devices, with a global in vitro diagnostic market capacity of over $60 billion in 2016, with an annual compound growth of over 4%. We estimate the size of the in vitro diagnostic market as $60 billion in 2017. Structurally, the most important products of the domestic and international vd market are immuno-diagnosis, biochemical diagnosis, molecular diagnosis, blood cells/
Diagnoses of condensation, microbiology, etc., of which immuno-diagnoses and biochemicals are important. Figure 28: Market patterns for in vitro diagnosis in the country. In vitro diagnosis is one of the company ' s core product lines. In 2017, the company achieved 3.7 billion yuan, a 29.3 per cent increase.
43.8% of the company ' s core in vitro diagnostics operations can be divided into biochemical diagnostics, chemical luminous and blood analytical products. 2.4.1 Biochemical diagnostics: Nationally manufactured instruments and reagents taps have developed over the years, and the country ' s autonomous capacity for innovation in the field of biochemical diagnostics has been significantly enhanced, with the overall level of technology being basic.
At the same international level, and with the emergence of firms that can compete with international giants, international giants (e.g. Beckman, Rhodes, etc.) still have a certain advantage in high-end markets such as first-line hospitals in the city’s third-tier cities, which used to have more high-speed biochemical analysers and better brand recognition of imported products.
According to the Chinese Medical Equipment Association, in 2016 the company ranked third in the Chinese market for biochemical and analytical products. The main competitors in the field of biochemical analysis include companies producing medical devices such as Beckman and Rhodes.
Chemical luminous products, with their high sensitivity, specificity, automation, precision, and accuracy advantages, are rapidly spreading in clinical applications and have become the dominant product in the field of immuno-quantified analysis. In advanced countries in Europe and the United States, chemical luminous analysis techniques have largely replaced INE immuno-diagnosing as the mainstream of immunization diagnosis, accounting for more than 90% of the market share of immunization diagnostics.
The technical barriers to chemical light are very high, and are closed systems (i.e. instruments and reagents have to be used, and it is difficult for domestic firms to replicate successful models of biochemical diagnostic alternatives to imports), leading foreign firms to occupy high-end markets in tertiary hospitals in the country, dominated by foreign firms such as Rhodes, Yap, Beckman, Siemens, and others. The country is home only to the Shenzhen New Industries, Sichuan Mike, Antobi, Lidman, and Deep.
A small number of companies, such as Shenzhen Merri, with the core technology of fully automated chemical luminators and reagents, are now rapidly emerging. In 2013, the company launched its own fully automated chemical luminous product, with a high-speed luminous 60001 by 2018, with a single machine with a high detection rate of 480t/h, ranking first globally.
Long, with revenues of nearly $300 million in 2017, an increase of 113.1% over the previous year, now ranks third in the world, entering the first echelon, and we believe that with the introduction of high-speed equipment and a rich product line, the company will either be chemically luminous or will become the first brand of the national product.
The blood cell analyser is a device used to detect blood samples, to quantify and provide information on the physical components of blood, such as blood cells, and is one of the most extensive instruments used for clinical testing in hospitals. The blood cell analyser is an instrument used to classify white cells, red cells, blood platelets in blood by electrorest.
According to the Chinese Medical Equipment Association, the company ranked second in the Chinese market for blood-cell analysis products in 2016. The company’s main competitors in blood-cell analysis include medical equipment companies such as Heiseng Meikang, Beckman, and others.
2.5 Medical images: High-end ultrasound is being released, and sixthly, medical images are being used to interact with humans in a medium (e.g., x-rays, electromagnetic fields, ultrasound, etc.) that displays the structure and density of the internal tissue organs in the form of images for diagnostic doctors to judge from the information provided by the images.
Medical images contain products such as X-ray imaging instruments, ct, mri, pet, and ultrasound. In 2017, the company achieved $2.9 billion in income from medical images, an increase of 24.7 per cent over the same period, representing 26.4 per cent of the income from the main business and one of the company’s core product lines.
65% of the year, up to 72.3% of the year 2017, is the core business of corporate medical imagery. Ultrasound, as a conventional method of diagnosis, is widely used because of its convenience, inflexibility, real-time images, and now ultrasound equipment has become a clinically widely applied diagnostic method with the advantages of real-time and non-radioactivity.
The global market size for ultrasound equipment in 2016 was $6.09 billion and $6.18 billion, respectively, and is projected to be $6.42 billion in 2017: $7.00 billion in 2015 and $7.85 billion in 2016 and $9.28 billion in 2017.
The acquisition of a high-end ultrasound image manufacturer, Zonare, in 2013 accelerated the extension of the company ' s products to the higher end. Supersound, driven by high-end colour super-products like resona7, grew rapidly, with companies achieving $2.12 billion in ultrasound in 2017, an increase of 28.8%, according to the Chinese Medical Equipment Association, in 2016, in global and Chinese ultrasound products.
The company’s main competitors in ultrasound are general electrical, flying Liver, and medical equipment production companies like Toshiba, Japan.
Since its creation, Murray has maintained a high level of investment in research and development and has maintained a mastery of core technology. In several areas, Murray has broken the domestic industry gap and given a strong boost to the overall innovation and development of China’s medical industry.
Development has led to the creation of an innovative exchange and practice platform for globalization, the efficient integration of global resources and the training of a large number of technical leaders. Biochemistry key technologies received the 2008 National Science and Technology Progress Second Award, fluid technologies received the 2013 China Patent Award and the 2017 National Technology Inventories Second Award.
As a technology-intensive industry, the company invested more than 10 per cent of its annual turnover in R & D in 2006-2017, with nearly 1,700 R & D engineers, a total of more than 2900 patent applications, 19 per cent patented for United States inventions, and Méri was the only one in the 2017 National Development Commission (NDC) of the top 50 companies with patents on inventions.
The company currently has an innovative platform for research and development based on global resource allocation, with eight major R & D centres in Shenzhen, Nanjing, Beijing, Xian, Chengdu, Silicon Valley, New Jersey, USA, and Seattle, USA.
The company is currently developing multi-products around three main product lines, mainly on product technology upgrades and further upgrading of the public life information and support area focus areas: a new generation of custodians and products such as defibrillators, anaesthesia machines and new injection pumps: an in vitro focus area: high end biochemistry, high end condensation analysis system and chemical light detection products:
Focused layout in the field of medical imagery: medium- and high-end colour superproducts. Table 2: The company's situation in the ladder team Scenario 2: In vitro diagnostic operations: expected to remain higher than industry driven by a new generation of chemical luminators and reagents
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-operational income of the company for 2018-2020 as follows:
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.