Medical depth report (300,760) Medical equipment has a thick and thin head, vd and video business is very expensive, highly recommended (maintenance)
At the industry level, Méri is the leader of a strong growth medical device, benefiting from three policy dividends: "Standardly consultations, promotion of state-owned equipment, special clearance channels" and is expected to continue to grow high.
The medical equipment industry flourished in 2017, with a market size of over 400 billion yuan and a compound growth rate of 21.76 per cent in 2001-2017. The three policy dividends of “Standard consultations + encouraging national production instruments + special approval corridors” were added to facilitate the expansion of the market at the grass-roots level and the substitution of the stock market for the export of excellent national appliances such as Murray.
Product analysis: Best product line for domestic counterparts, layout “Life Information and Support + In vitro Diagnosis + Medical Pictures” 3rd largest brand in global guardianship, with the share of the domestic market in 64.8%; Life Information and Support 2017
The product captures 4.2 billion yuan, of which the automatic tremors increase by 50 per cent on a year-to-year basis; follow-up harvests are expected to be full, with $3.7 billion in 2017, and will be the highest in the country ' s vd industry; chemical luminous instruments will perform just as well as international giants, reagents, sink with the in vitro diagnostic stream to replace imports and pull external consultations.
Markets are less than 10 per cent domesticized and import substitution space is huge; Murray video products break patent closures and technological monopolies abroad, with clinical applications comparable to those of mainstream imported equipment; and companies have reached maturity with high-end ultrasound resona7, with $2.935 billion in 2017, including 21.23 million in colour superproducts.
R & D strengths: R & D costs more than a billion peers a year, with more than 10 new products per year 1) R & D inputs: R & D invested 10 per cent of total revenues each year, of which R & D cost more than 1 billion in 2017 and far more than a share of a peer enterprise. 2) R & D team: 8 top R & D centres globally, with a total of 1,764 R & D workers
(c) Research and development results: a number of core technologies and projects have been put in place, with more than 10 new products per year, with an average of at least 10 patented technologies. Marketing channels: nearly 110,000 health-care institutions, more than 190 countries and regions across the country,
A comprehensive after-sales service system is in place. 1) The domestic market: a grass-roots, highly sticky distribution network with 17 subsidiaries, more than 40 branches, covering nearly 110,000 medical institutions and more than 99 per cent of tria from the township to the central city.
2) International markets: 40 subsidiaries in more than 30 countries abroad, more than 190 countries and regions with far-off products, long-term partnerships with leading medical institutions such as the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Performance increased by 41 per cent over the same period, with higher net interest rates
1. Life information and support, medical imagery and in vitro diagnosis for 27 years of deep-dry medical devices: 27 years of deep-dry medical devices, leading enterprise for domestic medical devices
Murray was founded in 1991 and is mainly involved in the development, manufacture, marketing, and servicing of medical devices. Since its inception, the company has been working in the field of deep-farming medical equipment, on the path of endogenous development and extended acquisition, expanding its product lines and geographical areas, going through the development of a single product to a multi-product line, a domestic market to a global market, and a low-end product to a high-end product.
Figure 2. Product coverage of life information and support, medical imagery and ivd: 1.2 equity structure: Lixitine, Xu Air, 65% share in co-control
Li Siting indirectly holds 29.8944% of the company ' s shares through the smartcodevelopment, Xu unilaterally owns 27.1413% of the company ' s shares through Magnificence(hk), and Li and Xu indirectly hold 7.59% of the company ' s shares through wise management and investment. As a result, Li and Xu jointly hold 64.63% of the company ' s shares together and are co-controlled by the company.
The company is well aware of the logic of the development of the medical equipment industry, the combination of technological innovation and M&As with two paths, and a balanced internal and external layout. The company’s headquarters is located in Shenzhen, China, with 40 offshore subsidiaries in more than 30 countries in North America, Europe, Asia, Africa, Latin America, etc. The country has 17 subsidiaries and 44 affiliates, forming a vast network of globalized R&D, marketing and services.
1.3 Financial position: Over the past three years, the combined performance rate has been 24 per cent, with competitive advantages contributing to net profitability. The decline in net profits has been due mainly to the strategic restructuring of companies, the full integration of products, trademarks and distribution channels, and significant losses in impairment of assets, with three categories of products accounting for 38.05 per cent, 33.61 per cent and 26.37 per cent, respectively, of income from the main business; from geographical analysis, domestic operating income and North America,
The share of overseas income, such as in Europe, is about 50 per cent each, and the share of domestic market revenue is increasing gradually.The profitability analysis, with the Māori rate for the three categories of company life information and support products, in vitro diagnostic products, and medical imaging products, stands at 65.52 per cent, 66.11 per cent and 70.46 per cent, respectively, at a higher level.
2. Three major policy dividends boost market expansion and import substitution, and Méri is expected to benefit significantly from the absolute champions of domestic medical equipment 2.1 Méri: the country ' s well-deserved pioneers in medical equipment, national and local industries.
The company ' s operating income in 2017 was $11,174 million, resulting in a net profit of $2,589 million for its mother, well above other listed companies in the medical equipment industry, which is a well-deserved leading medical equipment enterprise in the country.
Gwangzhenghangseng in the qmed global medical equipment rows for 2015 according to the s&pcapitaliq database under the banner, the company was the former.
Since its creation, Murray has invested about 10% of its annual sales in research and development, introduced more than 10 new products each year, using an average of up to 10 patented technologies, constantly leading the way in defining new standards of quality and efficiency in health care, and is a national and local standard-setter.
Active agents of business development. 2.2 Overview of industry: our market for medical devices is over 400 billion, with a compound growth rate of 21.76 per cent per year, medical imagery and a larger market space for the vd industry.
2.2.1 The global market for medical devices, which is over 400 billion dollars and is growing at a compound rate of 21.76 per cent per year, is far faster than the global market, and will continue to grow globally as the world ' s natural population rises, population ageing increases and economic growth in developing countries grow. According to evaluatemedtech, the global market for medical devices was $386.8 billion in 2016 and has resumed in 2009 - 2016.
2.2.2 The medical imagery and vd industry have a huge space and a 10% share of the overall market for medical devices. There are numerous areas of breakdown of medical devices, ranging from simple consumption such as sponges for blood control, one-time syringes, to large and complex medical equipment such as magnetic resonance devices.
The market, in both cases, was ranked in the top three sub-divisions, with a share of more than 10 per cent. Of this, the share of medical images in the domestic market was the highest of 16 per cent; the second was the share of 14 per cent, with an annual increase of more than 20 per cent. 2.2.3 The degree of national production of products from high-technology barriers such as ultrasound, anesthesia, etc., is less than 10 per cent, and import substitution is an increase in the industry.
Because of the short period of development and the low level of technology, our high-end, large-scale medical equipment market has been dominated by foreign firms represented by “gps” (medical, Philip, Siemens) in the nuclear magnetic resonance (mr), ct, ultrasound instruments, molecular images (pet-ct)
According to data from a survey conducted by the Shanghai Medical Equipment Device Control Centre on medical equipment at hospitals above level II in Shanghai, the share of domestic production in 2017 was over 30% for only four types of products such as injection pumps, surgical lamps, and less than 10% for products such as ultrasound, anaesthesia, etc.
The current technological capacity of national producers is weak. But with the gradual upgrading of domestic technology levels and strong support from national policies, there is scope for increasing the share of future domestic import markets for future generations. 2.3 Policy dividend: three major sectoral policies continue to release dividends, high value for money and high technology content.
(a) Increased market for high-value and high-tech national product cards: the graded medical system leads patients to primary health-care facilities, the demand for medical equipment at the grass-roots level increases dramatically;
The competitive advantages of high-valued national product brands are highlighted; 2) stock markets: policies encourage the use of state-made instruments, the selection of good products to build poles, branding of state-made products, and thus the demand for domestic equipment and import substitution in hospitals above level II; 3) the research and development dimension: the State promotes innovation and research and development capabilities in medical appliances, focusing on the development of highly sophisticated products such as medical imagery, in vitro diagnosis and the construction of protected rivers with technical barriers.
The policy encourages the use of domestic equipment, the selection of excellent products and the building of poles.
As a result of the branding of the country's products, more than level II hospitals demand more equipment from the country, and the State promotes the upgrading of innovation and research and development capabilities of medical equipment enterprises, focusing on the development of highly sophisticated products such as medical imagery, in vitro diagnosis and the construction of technical barriers.
2.3.1 The primary health care policy, the expansion of the market at the grass-roots level, and the development of high-value State equipment, is a key element of the current cycle of medical reform. The core objective of such treatment is to gradually sink medical resources and attract patients to primary health-care facilities.
It has become an important driver of the growth of the country’s market for low- and medium-end medical devices; it is also subject to budgetary constraints, and primary health-care institutions are relatively sensitive to prices, which has given rise to an opportunity to develop high-value domestic products.
2.3.2 In order to break the domestic market for foreign medical devices, several sectors of the country have in recent years given signs of accelerating the process of national production of medical devices. The Ministry of Trade and Finance has proposed a 50%, 70% and 95% coverage of high-end medical devices in state production in district hospitals in 2020 and 2030, respectively.
Since 2014, the China Medical Equipment Association has been entrusted by the Commission to carry out a selection process for high-quality medical equipment products. To date, four selections have been conducted, with 33 items entering the list of good products.
As the selection process progresses, the quality of medical equipment produced in the country is gradually being improved, thereby contributing to the branding and development of medical equipment. 2.3.3 Special approval channels promote the development of research and development capabilities in enterprises with strong technological capabilities.
In order to promote industrial development and the nationalization of medical devices, it is necessary to confront the lack of a foundation for core technology by tackling the problem from the source. Since the Special Approval Procedure Policy for Innovative Medical Devices was introduced in 2014, the number of products entering the Special Approval Process for Innovative Medical Devices has increased every year, from 17 products in 2014 to 63 products in 2017.
The therapeutic equipment industry has continued to improve its innovation and research and development capabilities, to break through advanced technological barriers, to build protected rivers, and to move towards national production of medical equipment. 2.4 As a leading national manufacturer, Murray is expected to continue to benefit from the high rate of growth in the medical equipment industry and the main logic of high-end market import substitution.
In terms of the country ' s medical equipment market: 1) it is large, reaching over 400 billion yuan in 2017; 2) it has increased at a high rate of compoundation for the period 2001-2017, depending on the breakdown: 1) it has the largest share of 16 per cent; vd has the second largest share of 14 per cent, with an annual increase of up to 20 per cent, with better prospects. 2) it has a low rate of national production of medical images and ivd in hospitals above level II, with a huge replacement space.
At the policy level: 1) Qualitative consultations open up the growing demand for medical equipment at the grass-roots level, and high-value national product brands are highly competitive; 2) the State encourages the use of domestic equipment to accelerate the import substitution of high-quality domestically produced products in hospitals above level II; 3) the State directs enterprises to improve their innovation and R & D capabilities and to implement special clearance channels, with highly skilled enterprises benefiting from every day of the day.
At the corporate level: 1) Murray, as a leading national business, benefits from the overall industry's upswing and the industry's upswing of more than 20%; 2) The two pillars of Murray's industry, medical imagery and vd, have a large market size and import replacement space at the higher end of the market, with great potential for development; 3) Murray's product lines are well-structured, R & D innovation strong, and channels are well-arranged and well-arranged.
Figure 22. Murray ' s products cover three main areas: life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, and medical imagery 1) Qualitative consultations open to the grass-roots market and benefit from high value for money products 2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3) Implementation of special clearance channels for technically powerful companies, the two pillars of Murray's industry - medical imagery - the large and growing scale of the medical equipment industry:
The size of the market and the size of the vd, as well as the import substitution space at the high end of the market, are huge.
First of all, more than 100 products have been selected for good national-made medical equipment. The product of Murray's medical care covers three main areas: life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, medical imagery, the most complete product line in the domestic medical equipment industry, coverage of low-level high schools, etc., and meets the needs of clients in different countries and at different levels.
The mastery of core technology has broken the domestic industrial void in many areas, creating "China First", and has given a powerful boost to the Chinese medical industry's graph 23, "Mary's products cover three main areas: life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, and medical images."
In vitro diagnosis, blood cell detection system, first aid solution digitized operating room.
Chemical luminum immune detection system Surrounding solution Surgery lights
• Biochemical analysis and detection system, critical condition solution, hangar bridge.
The cavity system, the monitor, the operating bed.
Uranium detection system, respirator — glucose hemoglobin analyser
Anesthetic machines, accessories and consumables, electrocardiograms and defibrillators.
Microbiology diagnostic system, medical images, endoscope surgical devices.
Desktop colour super, digital x-rays, rigid mirror systems.
With colored superstitions, osteoporosis and consumables, black and white ultrasound.
Mobile digital x-fire, animal custody, ultrasound management system.
Wire imaging system, animal ultrasound, ultrasound attachment.
Figure 24. Murray broke the gap in the domestic industry and created a number of “China First” China's first one with red cells and China's first portable.
China's first full-digit, high-end blood cell analyser for nuclear red cells, colored Doppler ultrasound system.
China's first full automatic birth of China's first double model, China's first electrical control, and China's first complete automatic.
Magnetic resonance imaging system, turbo-respirators, three-class blood cell analysis.
Since 2014, the National Commission has commissioned the China Medical Equipment Association to carry out the selection of products for good medical equipment. In the first three selections, the companies had 14, 26 and 3 products, respectively, with a cumulative list of 43 products; in the fourth selection, the number of new products was as high as 70. This is a recognition of the technical, quality and clinical performance of the company’s products, and the products entering the catalogue are expected to be treated at all levels of hospitals.
An important reference point for equipment purchases has contributed to some extent to the sales volume of corporate products.
3.1.1 The start-up of supervised products, which in 2017 generated $4.236 billion in life information and support products, began with the establishment of a medical care facility for patients with relatively low inputs and high market demand. First, the proxy life information product, which quickly paved marketing channels; the autonomous development of the product and the development of China’s first O2 Saturation Monitor in 1992; and the benefits of the pre-existing channels.
In 2008, the United States datascope custody business was acquired as the third largest brand in global surveillance. Figure 26. Guardian-type products started as the third largest brand in global guardianship.
The purchase of the United States datascope custody business, which is the third largest brand in the world's guardianship arena, has been made from a relatively low level of investment and high market demand.
The patient-guard equipment was launched, the agent's life letter, the interest-guard product, and the marketing channels were quickly laid down.
A blood oxygen saturation watcher; thanks to the former advantage of the channel, the sale of their own products has expanded and is gradually going on the path of autonomous research and development.
The life information and support products available at the company include a combination of instruments and solutions for vital information monitoring and support, such as a monitor, defibrillator, anaesthetic, respirator, electrocardiogram, operating bed, operating light, chandelier ridge, operating room/heavy care unit as a whole.
Mari Medical In-depth Report (300,760) guangzhenghangseng collected $4.236 billion in 2017 in life information and support products, an increase of 18.93 per cent over the same period and a share of the company's total revenue.
In addition to the higher rate of growth in tremors, which is mainly accelerators with the advantage of light and easy-to-use automatics, the rapid release of tremors (aed) led to a 50 per cent increase in the year-on-year rate in 2017, leading to a rapid increase in overall income. 3.1.2 In addition to the benefits of life information and support products, the market for guardianship devices is ranked third in the world and first in the country.
Murray has been farming for many years in the area of guardianship equipment, providing a full set of equipment and solutions, including bedside monitors, telemetry monitors, to the central guardianship system. The concentration of the custodian market is now high, with Philip, General Electric, and Murray taking the main share: according to the China Medical Equipment Association, the company ranked third in the global custody equipment market in 2016 and first in the domestic market.
The company also has a share in the narcotics market, ranked third in the world and third in China, after two foreign companies, Delg and General Medicine. In addition, the company has a place in other markets for medical equipment, such as laboratory equipment, lightbeds, etc.
The advantage of access to life information and support products provides a solid basis for the promotion of new products at a later stage, as well as for the development of new areas. Figure 30.2017 shares of the Méri guardian market in 64.8%, Figure 31.2017 shares of the Méri anaesthesia in 11.2%.
Paulette, 3.5%. Philip, Murray,
Figure 33.2017 Operating room equipment, such as light towers, 9.9 per cent. 3.2 Murray is the national ivd 1st echelon, subsides and accelerates import substitution, and continues to produce a full range of in vitro diagnostic products, including immunization, biochemistry, haematology, condensation, urine chemistry, fluid cytology, etc., covering me.
The share of the market in the country ' s in vitro diagnostics industry was more than 5% of all the sub-divisions. In 2017, IR received 3,741 million yuan in in vitro diagnostic products, an increase of 29.26% over the same period, and the share of total corporate revenues rose from 28.96% in 2014 to 33.61% in 2017.
Although the vd sector is currently dominated by imported products, countries such as Murray, Cohua, New Industries and Anto have the highest market share. According to mcevoy&farmer, the market in the vd market in 2015 was about 3.2 per cent.
Increased sales of high-end products, such as in vitro diagnostic waterlines and chemical luminous immune devices, continued increase in the accumulation of in vitro diagnostic analysers in Méri ' s medical care, and an acceleration in the collection rate, of which $1.64 billion was collected in 2017, an increase of 27.49 per cent compared to the 27.49 per cent; in vitro consultations, the profitability of Merivevid products was relatively high, with a Māori rate slightly higher than the average of comparable companies, mainly due to: 1) being larger than companies
Most of them are agents, while Murray focuses on the development, production and marketing of his own products, with a more stable Māori rate; and 2) an increase in the sale of high-end products, such as in vitro diagnostic fluids and chemical luminous immune devices, coupled with a growing variety of reagents and a rise in the overall Māori ratio driven by high Māori products. The Māori rate for Māriivd products in 2017 was 66.11%, which is only one percentage point lower than that of Antu organisms in the main camp for chemical luminous immune products.
3.2.2 The in vitro diagnostics industry is growing at a combined annual rate of 20 per cent, with the chemical luminous market “Technology Substitution + Import Substitution” ivd being the largest segment of the global market for medical devices. ivd accounted for 12.8 per cent of the total equipment market in 2016, according to data from the evaluatemedtech study.
ivd covers a wide range of disaggregated areas such as immunization, biochemistry, haematology, condensation, and intensive care chemistry. The country has a larger market for immunization, biochemistry, haematology in the ivd area, with a market share of 38%, 23% and 14% respectively in 2015.
In the field of ivd, where the market share exceeds 5% of the country’s immunization, biochemistry, haemology and condensation are broken down into several different directions, and Méri’s medical care is well organized; and companies are in the forefront of national producers in the fields of immunization, biochemistry, etc., where the market share is the highest compared to the diagnostic techniques for immunisation, and experience isotope radiation, glue gold, enzyme immunisation, timing.
However, the current domestic chemical lighting market is dominated by imported products, of which Roth, Yape, Danah, and Siemens are the four largest countries.
As the country’s technology level rises and policies are strongly supported, there is scope for future countries to replace imports of products with foreign products. According to the Review and Outlook of the Medical Equipment Market (2016), the country’s chemical luminous immune market is expected to reach $26.29 billion in 2019, with a ratio of 80% of import brands to national import substitution space for chemical luminous products.
It's 21 billion yuan less. Murray's focus on the market potential of chemical light in recent years has led to the opening of new shipping routes for business development. 3.2.3 Murray's chemical luminous instrumentation works side by side, with 64 reagent types covering multi-area tests, from China's first semi-automatic three-point blood cell analyser in 1998 to China's first one in 2011 with red cell, mesh and red cell,
The five-class blood cell analyser with nuclear red cell detection functionsbc-6800, and today's fully automated blood analysis waterlines and immuno-chemical interconnectivity, Myrie's in vitro diagnostic operations cover blood, biochemical, immuno-analysis systems and progress towards laboratory automation and overall solutions.
Despite the late listing of the Merry Medical Automatic Chemical Lighting Instrument, with its unique R & D advantages, the company ' s cl-2000i and cl-1000i products not only outperformed some of their national counterparts, but also were comparable to the imported instruments, where the detection speed was highest in all types of instrument at 240t/h, and which supported modular expansion at a maximum speed of 960t/h.
Murray's reagent products are of a full variety, and the company's chemical luminous reagents have now increased from 27 at the beginning of 2015 to 64 at the end of 2017, covering myocardial signs, diabetes, anaemia, infectious diseases, oncological signs, thyroid functions, sexually hormones, osteoporosis and hepatochemical fibres.
In addition, pg1, pg2, scca, ca50, etc., are still being developed, and they have not been able to continue to improve the detection class, to plow the chemical lighting market, and to gradually capture the market share of foreign products.
3.3 Murray, a leading national producer in the ultrasound market, used high-end superclinical applications comparable to those in the U.S. 3.3.1 Murray Medical Images in 2017.
In 2007, the digital X-ray photography system was introduced, with continuous innovation in the field of medical images. Currently, the company's medical imaging products are based on ultrasound diagnostic systems and include digital X-ray imaging systems.
The company acquired a high-end ultrasound image manufacturer, Zonare, in 2013, and then launched a high-end supersounding product, resona 7, which, after two to three years of market promotion, has reached the stage of marketing maturity and is widely recognized by the market, has led to a rapid increase in revenues from the company ' s overall medical image products. In 2017, the company ' s medical image products were raised by 2,935 million yuan, a 24.67 per cent increase; and among them, the premium products were collected.
2.23 billion yuan, or 72.33 per cent of medical video products. Murray's super-business benefited from “Increased Government Procurement at the Grassroots Markets + Substitution at the Middle and High end of the Market”, which is expected to increase by nearly 30 per cent per year. 1) As the policy of stratification of consultations gradually moves to the grass-roots market, the demand of primary health-care institutions will boost the health-care sector.
National product brands with a high value-added advantage, such as open medicine (20-30 per cent less than foreign products of same-performance). 2) The company ' s multi-platform Doppler ultrasound diagnostic device, which is selected for high-quality nationally produced medical equipment, is expected to capture a significant share of the market for imported high- and medium-end products in the larger context of national incentives for the use of domestically produced equipment.
Figure 48. Murray Medical Services, with its high value for money and rapid service advantage, has been biding local governments to purchase ultrasound equipment projects (in thousands of dollars) 3.3.2 Our ultrasound market is nearly 10 billion in size, less than 10 per cent of the high-end supermarket country, and our ultrasound equipment market is surrounded by nearly 10 billion in size, with a compound growth rate of about 6 per cent a year, exceeding the growth rate of around 4 per cent worldwide.
In 2017, the share was 4.7%, with foreign monopolies monopolizing it.
Figure 50.2017 shows 4.7% of the market for ultrasound images of hospitals in Shanghai II and beyond. 3.3.3 Murray breaks the patent blockade and technology monopoly abroad, and the clinical application of products is comparable to that of mainstream imports.
The top-end black and white supermarket sales are the first in three consecutive years in the country. The first year of the dc-6 braiding has been clinically applied with a premium value ratio. The colored supermarket has become the champion of single-machine-type installed machines, with the export volume remaining the highest in the country for many years. The high-end colored Doppler ultrasound system, launched in 2015, is yet another change in ultrasound imaging technology.
An ultrasound diagnostic system, a digital x-ray imaging system that uses digitally controlled sound waves to launch and connect.
Using a flat-bed detector to capture images, compared to conventional radio-image systems, digital x-radiation techniques that provide real-time diagnostic images, can
The ultrasound echoes of the human tissue, the linear imaging system, reduced the patient's exposure to X-fibre direction and speed, hardness, etc.
I'm sorry, sir, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Based on a quantitative comparison between the clinical application of the Murray ultrasound device and the mainstream imported equipment at the Sixth People ' s Hospital attached to the Shanghai Transport University, it can be seen that the generality of Murray is generally accepted by the experts involved in the clinical evaluation, which basically corresponds to the basic function of iu22, while there is a gap between the advanced function and the equipment with the highest functional evaluation in the industry, and there is room for further improvement.
In contrast, Murray and iu22 each have advantages, of which cystic and vascular screening are significantly better than iu22.4 R & D costs more than a billion people a year, with more than 10 new products per year, and about 300 patent applications per year.
4.1 With emphasis on R & D innovation and patent protection, more than 1 billion R & D costs in 2017 are far higher than their peers.
In support of research and development, companies are committed to building an international-level research and development hardware platform with professional experiments covering three different product lines.
Through M&A operations, more leading medical resources have been quickly acquired, a global resource-based research and development innovation platform has been established, with eight major R&D centres in Shenzhen, Nanjing, Beijing, Xian, Chengdu, Silicon Valley, New Jersey and Seattle, fully absorbing the research and development and technological advantages of high-level national and international talent. There are currently 1,764 R&D engineers.
4.2 Storage of a number of core technologies and projects, the introduction of more than 10 new products per year, the use of at least 10 patented technologies on average, and the continued large-scale R & D inputs of companies have significantly improved core technologies in the areas of life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, medical imagery, etc.
Technology R & D capabilities have accumulated a number of core technologies, which are the driving force behind the new and steady growth of corporate products. Over 10 new products per year, with an average of at least 10 patented technologies per new product. 4.3 Murray focuses on the protection of intellectual property, with about 300 patent applications per year.
Companies focus on intellectual property protection, creating a global intellectual property protection system that builds patent barriers. There are currently more than 2900 patent applications for companies, 19% of which are American inventions; and 234 major inventions.
5. Channel depths cover nearly 110,000 medical institutions and 99 per cent of tri-A hospitals in the country. Products are sold out in more than 190 countries and regions, with a well-developed after-sales system.
5.1 Murray develops the M & As logic: integration of leading technology and localization channels abroad, domestic cultivation of M & M (300,760) depth reports, leading enterprise as a domestic medical device, M & M not only continues to introduce new products through constant R & D inputs and technological innovation, but also through adoption
Mergers and acquisitions of good R & D technologies and marketing channels, both domestically and abroad, boost innovation, improve marketing networks, and boost performance growth. According to our collage of M & As, M & A strategies for overseas and domestic M & A are different: integrating innovative cutting-edge technologies, home-grown marketing channels in international markets, expanding new production lines in the country, and accelerating the pace of entry into new areas.
5.2 With nearly 110,000 medical institutions and more than 99 per cent of the tri-a hospital in China, products are sold out. More than 190 countries and regions have established a wide distribution network with more than 2,600 marketing staff responsible for marketing, management of channels and after-sales services.
Companies have established deep-seated, highly sticky distribution networks in the country, with 17 subsidiaries and over 40 affiliates; in the international market year, custodians and ultrasound products have been given United States market access to fdas. Murray now has 40 offshore subsidiaries in more than 30 countries abroad, selling products in more than 190 countries and regions, and has become a long-term partner of leading medical institutions in the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, etc.
Figure 62. Global coverage of marketing channels, with more than 30 countries abroad with subsidiaries, more than 190 countries and regions selling products far out of range. Long-term partners in international markets, as leading global health-care providers, such as Méo Clinic, Johns Hopkins Hospital, Massachusetts General Hospital, Klev Medical Center, have won national health-care institutions in the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, etc.
In the domestic market, the company’s products cover nearly 110,000 medical institutions and more than 99% of tri-a-hospitals, including the country’s well-known Beijing Association and Hospital, the China People’s Liberation Army General Hospital, and the Shanghai Reking Hospital. In addition, the company will open up all-inclusive medical devices in the future.
Products are sold in three or four-line cities, county hospitals, leading companies in high quality, high-value products into the primary health-care market.
Using a sales model of “direct marketing plus distribution”, companies are operating in distribution networks throughout the country, and products enter high-end medical groups in Europe.
A few items are sold directly by companies to windows, general hospitals and specialized hospitals, and other end-users, such as mouth hospitals.
Deep-covering, professional direct sales team, mostly with the United States, well-established and well-covered.
Five large collective distribution systems, mpg, novation, etc., and the products are in the hands of the purchasing organization, the project covers the neighborhood of North America.
5.3 Establish a full-scale, full-time, process-wide after-sales service system that enhances customer sticky after-sales is one of the company’s core competitiveness. Based on strong technological, channel and brand advantages, companies are constantly promoting high quality to the market.
Cost-effective products are accompanied by a full-scale, full-time, full-process post-sales service system, with industry leading crm client relationships Management platforms managing the entire service process, ensuring quality of service, enhancing client stickyness, and providing support for continuous delivery of products and follow-up services.
• Headquarters-sub-company-direct service station-services Sub-contractor service network architecture of level-IV services more than 45 in-situ direct service stations
Over 500 sub-contractors of high-quality enabling services — customer call centre has a 24/7 hotline with more than 100 specialist seats
Level-III technical support structure A complete level-IV spare parts bank — 28 affiliates abroad providing local overseas
Advanced crm customer relationship management system (CRM) Service line receiving client service declarations more than 500 direct engineers and more than 500 direct engineers
Over 1,900 professional service sub-contractors comprising more than 100 immediate resident service sites to provide on-site services and technical support to clients
6. Business break-ups and profit projections
On the basis of our analysis of the various Merrillian medical operations and combined revenues, both at the end of the income and at the end of the cost, based on the principle of splitting by volume, our core assumptions for corporate profitability projections are as follows:1 life information and support products.
2) Defibrillators: due to a faster increase in the sale of tremors, in addition to low unit prices, the average price of tremors and unit costs are expected to decline gradually from 2018 to 2020, and the Māori rate has declined steadily; the application landscape has increased its sales by 55 per cent, 50 per cent and drops, respectively, while the Māori rate has risen steadily as a result of higher-middle-end product series sales, and grass-roots markets have opened up market space.
Sales increased by 30 per cent, 27 per cent, 24 per cent, respectively. 4) Lighthouse beds: due to increased competition in the market and the company ' s continuous optimization of production processes, an average of products are expected to be sold in 2018-2020 1) In vitro diagnostic analyser: the release of products such as in vitro diagnostic water flow lines, chemical luminous immune instruments, and instrumentation products projected for 2018-2020
3. Medical Image Products 1) Superb: replacement of imported equipment with high-end superproducts like resona7, assuming 28 per cent, 27 per cent and 27 per cent, respectively, of the excess sales in 2018-2020, figure 65. Murray ' s medical performance splits and projections
The risk of continued fermentation from the trade war affecting the export business, the risk of a graded diagnosis not advancing as expected.
Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City