Medical Industries: The Skyfast, November 12th, 2018.
This week's industry perspective: focus on the industry's champions of high performance certainty and stable cash flow (1) On 5 November, the network of drug review centres issued a circular stating that pharmaceutical companies such as Mercerton and Abovy were the first to receive an “implicit consent” to clinical trials. The so-called acquiescence system is an administrative approval, and once the material has been processed, no objection is considered permissible within a specified time frame.
A clear time frame has been given to shorten the project’s lead time. This marks an administrative permit for the clinical trials of new drugs in China, which was officially approved by the former “node” to move to a more efficient “diplomatic” approval era.
(2) On 7 November, the cde network issued a circular stating that, in order to further improve the efficiency of the review of applications for priority review, the applicant's application for priority review would be reviewed by experts on a call-for-instance basis and the selection of a selection of priority reviews would be determined. At the same time, the selection of varieties to be included in the priority review would no longer be sought for public disclosure on a batch basis.
On 7 November, the Shanghai City Council Office and the Municipal Office issued an opinion on the implementation of the reform of the review and approval system to encourage innovation in pharmaceutical medical devices. The Opinion states that the two national strategies surrounding the construction of a free-trade pilot zone in China (Shanghai) and a science, technology and innovation centre with global influence are based on the highest international standards and standards.
The best is to promote the development of an internationally leading biopharmaceutical industry cluster, to promote the quality of pharmaceutical medical devices at the international level, and to develop a system of medical supply guarantees and ex post regulation that are compatible with the world’s best cities, so that the public can use new medicines and advanced medical devices. [Experiently] is a weekly product of industry, gathering policy foresight, markets, etc.]
2- The pharmaceutical reform benefits innovation, quality counterfeiting, slow-disease drugs, internationalization, and cro companies. The evaluation of generic consistency has entered the full implementation phase, becoming a hot spot, a deep industry, the most important catalyst for the pursuit of absolute benefits for our pharmaceutical industry ' s ability to produce, and leading production enterprises through consistent evaluation will benefit from policies such as the follow-up bidding process.
It is recommended that attention be paid to leading companies, such as HUN-SWE, which have a high-quality copying industry, a slow-disease pharmaceutical company, an internationally competitive pharmaceutical exporting company, and a cro company.
Medicines, Connebelle, Tombo, Wallan Organisms, Altair Biology, Leuptine Medicine, Teg Medicine, etc. Pushs one or two stocks. Weekly updates, if the offer remains the same, then we're on top of it for the next three months.
In this period, the Tianxian Organism (600161), which will significantly overcome the market for these stocks, has been proposed to focus on Sindh Securities.
"cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City."
The net profit from non-recurrent gains and losses was $237 million, an increase of 25.60 per cent over the previous year. In the current period, the company did not have vaccine revenues, after deducting contributions from vaccine operations during the same period last year, it increased its income from blood products by 55.87 per cent over the same period last year; net profits increased by 62.19 per cent compared to the same period last year; net profits from shareholders in listed companies increased by 69.40 per cent compared to the same period last year.
In the first half of 2018, the company ' s single-sampling plasma station in the Xiangyang district was approved to set up the Xiangxi district station, the Xiangzhou city monitoring station for the Xinwu single-sampling station, and the Xiangshan single-sampling station in Hunan was approved to set up the Xiangyang county station, where the Xiangxi and Xiaozhou substations have started work on the project site. The company now has five blood-producing enterprises, the largest in the country and the largest in number of blood-sampling stations.
Companies. The company currently owns 56 single plasma stations (including substations), of which 47 operate, with a network of slurry stations covering 13 provinces throughout the country. In the first half of 2018, the company slurry was 738 tons, an increase of 13.89 per cent compared to the previous half of the year. With the construction of the Yong-Aun Blood Project, the company ' s annual slurry capacity could reach 1,000 tons and, through internal coordination, could maximize the scale effect and increase the company ' s single-ton plasma profit rate.
The company is the country's first producer of anti-tetanus special and third-generation anti-property plants, with frozen dry static human immunoprotein, human immunoproteins, tetanus special, hepatitis B special, rabies special, frozen dry anti-hepatitis B special and tissue ammonium immunoprotein seven certifications, the country's largest producer of immunoglobin varieties. In addition, the mesoproc, produced using the stratum process, has obtained clinical test approvals and is in the process of preparing clinical trials; and attention is paid to megacell disease.
In vitro immunoglobin is in clinical trial stage ii: Genetically Restructured Human Blood Coagulation Factor viii has received a clinical test batch, and these varieties are currently not listed in the country. Risk factors include: industrial policy risks in blood products; downside risks in product prices; under-achievement in research and development of products; new magma stations are not as fast as expected; industry event risks; research: 20180612 Days of Life (600161), dedicated to blood products, with significant improvements in competitiveness in blood products: 2018,827 Days of Life.
A significant increase in the blood products industry (600161). Introduction to the Pharmaceutical Biology Research Group. U Pingping, University of Nanjing, Bachelor of Pharmacy, Master of Biochemistry, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in 2012.
Gong Qing, Bachelor of Physics, Beijing Teacher Training University, and Doctor of Theory Physics, Beijing University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017. The pharmaceutical bioindustry focuses on the company Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy, which has been approved by the China CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sinda Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.