The Chinese Galaxy report points out that the advantage of brokering activities is still in place and that the revenue from self-employment has improved significantly The Chinese Galaxy securities reported semi-annually in 2019, achieving operating income of $7.368 billion, while the brokering advantage continues and continues to grow as the volume of transactions rises.
Within China, companies achieved a net income of RMB 2,373 million from securities brokering, ranking the second largest in terms of unaudited voucher dealer calibre data issued by the Chinese Securities Association, with a market share of 5.1 per cent. Futures brokerage revenue increased rapidly.
At the end of the reporting period, the balance of corporate finance coupons stood at RMB 48.8 billion, and the industry ranked 4th and market share 4th. In the case of stock pledge operations, at the end of the reporting period, the company pledged its own stock balance.
In the reporting period, self-employed and other securities were traded in China's Galaxy (601881).
Business collects 1.56 billion yuan, compared to 8.18 billion yuan in the same period last year. The improvement of self-employed businesses, the growth of traditional brokers, the resilience of the market, and the growth of income and net profits.
As of the end of the reporting period, there was a decrease of RMB 24,575 million, or 17.52 per cent, in the amount of RMB 84,565 million, an increase of 14.46 per cent.
During the reporting period, China achieved RMB 355 million in operating income from Galaxy asset management, a decline of 12.67 per cent compared to the previous year, which is largely consistent with the overall situation in the industry. Investment advice: the firm’s brokerage advantage is still in place, with a network of out-of-pocket channels.
In the first half of 2019, the company achieved operating income of $7.368 billion, of which $4.174 billion was generated by securities brokerage, representing an absolute position in relation to corporate brokerage, a traditional advantage that continued to grow as the volume of transactions rose to an advantage of scale.
During the reporting period, the company achieved a net income of RMB 2,373 million in securities brokerage, ranking 2nd according to unaudited billing data issued by the Chinese Securities Association. At the end of the reporting period, the number of clients of the company ' s securities brokerage business totalled 10.8385 million, of which 16.5 million were machine-based and product-based. In the context of the project, the company had more than 202,000 eligible customers by the end of the reporting period.
At the end of the reporting period, 174 of the company ' s futures ib operations were eligible for futures ib operations, with stock clients of 361,000 households and final customer interests of 1,822 million yuan. The public, port, and new three lines of business have been steadily developing, and at the end of the reporting period there were 28,000 stock clients in stock of stockbrokers.
In the first half of 2019, the process of internationalization of futures markets continued, with a gradual recovery in the constant trading of futures, and the futures market ranked 2nd in the futures soybean options exchange, 3rd in the white sugar stock exchange and 4th in the corn stock exchange.
At the end of the reporting period, there were 2,217 million yuan yuan in Galaxy futures asset management operations and 29 products managed, of which 427 million yuan in autonomous management and 8 products. Financing coupons and stock pledges were steadily growing and ranked ahead of the industry. At the end of the reporting period, corporate financing was on the balance.
The RMB 48.8 billion and the industry ranked 4th and market share 5.32%; during the reporting period, the company realized interest income on the finance coupons 1.71 billion yuan and industry ranked 4th. In the case of stock pledge operations, the surplus of the company's own stock pledge operations was affected by the industry at the end of the reporting period, the size of asset management was reduced and revenue management decreased.
At the end of the reporting period, the private asset management operations of the securities firm and its subsidiaries stood at 13,59 trillion yuan, a 14.5 per cent decrease from the same period in 2018, when the assets of China ' s Galaxy assets were managed to earn 355 million yuan, a 12.67 per cent decrease compared to the same period.
In the reporting period, the company achieved a single ipo over-session, completed four equity refinancing projects (including swapable bonds) with an amount of RMB 7,352 million and the market ranked 17th. At the end of the reporting period, the company was reviewing four ipo projects and three refinancing projects. In addition, the company ' s financial consultant ' s operations were completed during the reporting period.
During the reporting period, the number of bonds paid by the company was 35, with the sum of RMB 30.45 billion, and the industry ranked 22nd. The company completed a list of recommended listing items for the new three-board project and completed two targeted distributions of listed companies’ shares. By the end of the reporting period, the company supervised the new three-board 69 listed companies.
Over the reporting period, Galaxy International Holdings accumulated income equivalent to RMB 401 million, an increase of 118.00 per cent over the previous year, and a net pre-tax profit of RMB 40 million. On 28 June 2019, Galaxy International Holdings formally closed 50 per cent of the shares of the cimba groupingsdn.bhd. Malaysia cgs-cimbholdingsdnbhd.
The profile has been strengthened, with overseas business networks covering eight countries and one region, including Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, India, Korea, the United States, the United Kingdom and Hong Kong, China.a The investment activity has declined; market volatility risks; capital market reforms have fallen short of expectations; and risks of poor operations abroad.
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.