Xiangzhou old cellar (000568), successful discharge in 2021, looking forward to the opening of the door, excellent performance in the fourth quarter, and the opening of the door in the first quarter.
According to the performance report, the company received $6,247 million in 2021q4, an increase of 24.1 per cent; 25.4 per cent, an increase of 25.4 per cent over the 2021q3 income and the net return on the mother.
They're looking forward to the first quarter of the company's rejuvenation, and they're looking at the top five points of the future: first, brand end: dual brand strategy, brand name.
When the revival is under way, the country's guests 1573 and Qingzhou's double branding strategy, the country's 1573 rounds of marketing through the state's cellars, etc., raise brand influence; and present a rejuvenation to the Qingzhou cellars, constantly tap into the historical and cultural resources of the Quantities through the creation of the "Save of the Treasures."
Cultural pips, etc., to raise the visibility of the Xiangzhou old cellar brands. "The Xiangzhou old cellar (000568), event evaluation report: Implementation Unit. Second, at the end of the product: Focus on the five monoliths, the state cellars and the specials continue to function.
"A report on the event review in the Penthouse: stock-sharing incentives, high-end wine-focused construction of the national cellar 1573; 2) middle-end liquor series carrying cashier's products, eventually landing, further improvement of corporate governance" - 2021-
The old word is now a national shopping channel, 60 editions of the "Dynamic Study of the Treasures: Revivals" and, third, Price End: The Treasure of the Treasures, which is expected to enter the 300-dollar price.
1) The cellar has been following the five-food fluid pricing strategy for the long term, and the future is promising. 4th, channel: the branding model has worked well and has shifted to fine-tuning. Companies have implemented the branding model and set up three major branding companies.
Fifth, the regional expansion: a national catch-up board, which will continue fighting alongside the east-south map. Together, the South-West, China-Central, and North-West regions of the company’s traditional dominance areas have outperformed the share of South-West, Central and North-East China.
85%. In 2018, the company proposed an East-South Chart project, and China-East and South-South market ranked behind the list, which is inconsistent with the company’s status and the size of the company.
Young, 14-and-a-half-year-olds. According to the performance report, we're fine-tuning downside macroeconomic risks, the epidemic's consumption, the epidemic's consumption, the size of the cellars, the growth of the country's reserves, the expansion of the economy, and so on.
Sunshan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers' research experience, comprehensive coverage of food and beverage industry, clustering, in-depth study of white wine industry, etc.
Short-term potential shares; thinking about the white wine plate, with deep market thinking and insight into the Su wine. What is it: Sandong University, LL.B., University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with two masters in law and economics.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.