In the new era, on the evening of 20 February 2022, companies issued restrictive stock incentives to award restricted shares, largely consistent with the previous content.
The Equity Incentives Program, issued on 27 September, marked significant progress in corporate equity incentives. The company then issued a restricted share announcement to the incentive audience on 29 December 2021, identifying the number of participants as 441 and the number of shares awarded for the first time.
The final stock incentive program is basically consistent with the previous disclosure. The ultimate number of participants in the incentive totals 437 (four voluntarily relinquished a total of 66,000 shares) and the number of shares awarded is 6.8626 million.
Report on the Event Review of the Cemetery in Suzhou (000568), Stock Motivation in the End, Further Improvement of Corporate Governance - 2021 - Study on the Dynamics of the Cemetery in Suzhou (000568), Revival Progress
First, the future of the company: the brand end: the two-brand strategy, the brands, the rejuvenation.
In the past, we have been able to raise brand power by promoting marketing in circles such as the state cellars; by promoting the revival of the state cellars; by constantly tapping the historical and cultural resources of the state; and by building cultural ips such as the "Save the Great Books" to raise the state brand's influence.
Second, at the end of the product: focus on the five main monoliths, the state cellars and features. 1) High-end wine focuses on building the state cellar, 1573; 2) middle-end wine special series takes on the rise of the waist, the old word is used as a channel of circulation, and 60 editions are currently used as a national shopping channel.
Third, at the price end: the cellar's strategy, which is expected to enter the 300-dollar price belt. (1) The cellar's long-standing strategy to raise the price of the five grain fluids remains unchanged, and the future is expected.
The company has implemented a branding model with three major branding companies, with a product-focused and refined operation. Fifth, regional expansion: a national bridging board, sustained battles and an east-to-south border.
The region of the company’s traditional advantage is South West, China and North China, which together account for over 85% of the share. In 2018, the company presented the name of the project to the south-east, and the south-east market to the south-east, which is incompatible with the company’s status and in terms of size.
The current nationalization of the company is continuing, with the talent ladders rejuvenating, 14 or 5 at the top three. Consider restrictive stock award announcements, macroeconomic downside risks, epidemic consumption, epidemic consumption, state cellar growth.
The Food Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, four years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, etc.
Beverages of hot drinks, in-depth studies of the white wine industry, etc., have been employed in the country's bonds, New Age securities, China's opportunities, and have been good at taking stock of short- and medium-term potential; have been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and have thought and insight into the deep market for soy wine.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.