Food beverages in the old cellars of the state (000568), with the expected performance, growth and strengthening of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company released a fast-track performance report for 2021, which generated $20.380 billion (+22.4 per cent) throughout the year, and achieved a successful graduation in 2021, with a sustained release of elastic performance.
The scale effect, the share of medium- and high-end products, the cost-effectiveness of fine management, the annual net interest rate rises by 2.4 percentage points to 38.5 per cent on the same basis, and profitability continues to rise.
In addition, the company launched its second-high, big, monolithic state, 1952, and promoted the upgrading of its entire brand to the higher end.
Quotas, accurate distribution based on channel stocks, and stocks at the end of the year in reasonably low water in the regions of China, China, South China, etc.
Ping, pre-emption for the 22nd Spring Festival; steady growth of the country's guests during the Spring Festival, with low-level branding, high value for money, and higher use in markets such as North and East China; excellent performance under the medium-student and low-age base, with companies expected to open their doors on schedule.
Brand power and efficient channels for implementation, with high-end country guests continuously reaping a thousand-bit share; companies continue to build up their brands in the old cellars of the state, special and old-age price increases in the 300-600-bit high-end mainstream prices, the 60th edition of the special to push the national layout and launch the 1952 high-line sub-high-end, and the old cellar brands are on the way.
Accelerating growth is a strong support for a firm's robust growth. 3. The firm's successful roll-out of the equity incentive scheme, which has a wide range of staff, strong incentives and positive targets, can effectively bind high-pipe and core-celebrity benefits; with the improvement of internal incentives, the company's “human and” advantage will become clearer.
The dollar is 39-fold, 30-fold, 24-fold, and the brand power of the country’s guests accelerates release, equity incentives release business performance, and sustains a steady period of growth, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Nangzhou old cellar (000568), which leads to the upgrading of the structure of the state cellar, will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, either for no reason or for no reason, nor for any specific recommendation or opinion in this report, and Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.