The reason for the report is: performance is fast and positive performance is positive and profitability is increasing.
The growth in operating income and the rising share of medium- and high-end products, coupled with sophisticated management by companies, further lowers the cost rate. Of this total, single o4 operating income amounted to $6,274 million, an increase of 24.1 per cent over the same period, and net return to mothers amounted to $1,573 million, an increase of 32.2 per cent over the same period, an acceleration of the ring.
The competitive advantage of the product system is evident. The country's 1573 guests are now standing at the upper end of the trinket, and together they are leading the first-curve revival with the weight of the Xingzhou cellar 1952, which is a major force in the price band.
The price of the bits has risen steadily; the price has risen steadily; and the price of the tarky products, such as Hegee, has been fully recreated; and customized wine has become one of the most important growth points in the development of creative, personalized services in the old cellars of the state. Thus, the old cellars of the state competed for the entire pyramid.
Total market value (billions): 3026 equity incentives show confidence and the company’s dynamism rises. Companies introduce equity incentives, wide coverage, and a large number of managers and technical cadres, with strong incentives.
In line with the company's 14th Five-Year Strategic Plan: “136” strategy, “1” refers to the “first three” goals of a determined return to the white industry in China. Therefore, the implementation of equity incentives also contributes to the company's 14th Five-Year Plan objectives.
The company's net profit in 2021-2023 is expected to be the 28th floor of ITC, 69 West Street, Taiwon City.
In Beijing, the Central Sea country, 28 Sinrich Street, in Beijing City, corresponds to the current stock price of 38 times, 31 times, and 25 times. The "buy-in" rating is maintained.
The present report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research. I have not, for no reason, nor will I.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.