At the start of the 14th and 5th battles, the company as a whole was able to publish 21-year performance reports. In 2022, 20.38 billion dollars were collected, an increase of 22.4 per cent.
Net gains of $7.85 billion, or 30.7 per cent over the same period, of which 4q21 battalions received 6.27 billion, or 24.1 per cent over the same period, resulted in a fast-track assessment of the 2021 performance of senior clients in Lianzhou. The product structure continued to improve, the cost rate was further reduced and the performance increased faster in 2021. (1)
High-end brand wine has fully enjoyed an upgrade in consumption, corporate channels are well regulated, and nationalization has continued to increase evenly over the past year. In the state cellar, the price has been double-tracked over the past year, and companies have adjusted to the dynamics of their stock situation.
By the dollar or so, it ensures good marketing. (2) Medium-rate wine, the old-word feature 2020, upgrades, steadily boosts prices, and as consumer acceptance increases, we judge that sales began to improve significantly in the third quarter of 2021. (3) With the rising brand power of the country's 1573 customers, the company will continue to do so.
Changing the way channel costs are spent, continuing to promote fine-tuning management, precision marketing strategies, controlling channel costs, and a 1.7 pc decrease in the sales cost of the 1-3q21 company, with 4q21 expected to remain in line with the nationalization scheme, equity incentive programmes landing and companies maintaining high performance.
(1) The company pursues a regional market development strategy called “East European, Nantu, Mid-Emergency”, the development of market channels such as Huabei, Kawakawa, Chinadong, South China, and South-central China, which has been successful, and the development of nationalized markets in an orderly manner. (2) The company's restrictive stock incentive program has landed, bringing the interests of the executive to the firm's depth.
There is a lot of room to optimize the company’s costs before it arrives. (4) We believe that the company can outperform its performance during the 1450s.
Test the target, keep running fast.