The company has high-quality customer resources, and the company’s integrated operations enhances its client stickyness and improves its overall returns.
Main battalion operating income is projected to be negative on a year-on-year basis, Roe is expected to remain in the front line, performance is slowing down, Roe is in the front line, subject to narrow interest spreads, net interest income is 4.11 per cent per quarter, compared to 1.6 percentage points down in 2019.
With a negative increase in operating management costs and premiums, the company ' s profits before the first quarter were reduced by 0.91 percentage points to 13.44 per cent on a quarterly basis, but are still expected to be at the forefront. The Bank ' s first quarter scale is expanding at a rate of 6.59 per cent higher than at the end of 2019.
Increased bond and fund allocation in an aggravated context. In terms of a quarterly credit delivery structure, due to the adequacy of project reserves at the end of 2019, public lending was less affected by the epidemic, and one quarter ' s optimization of the public credit ring structure and improved market-based debt-cost pressure contributed to the downside of the debt-end cost ratio.
According to our calculations, the company’s end-of-cycle liability cost-rate ring was 4 bp below the end of the first quarter of 2019, but was unable to cover the downside of the asset-end rate of return (8 bp), resulting in a lower interest-rate spread of 5 bp than received in the first quarter. The negative-generation speed ring was raised, and asset quality risks were controlled.
At the end of the 1st quarter of the industry, the negative rate was 1.43% as compared to the end of 2019. According to our calculations, in the 1st quarter of the company, the negative annual rate of production was 1.15%, the negative rate of production was expected to be 24bp in the previous row, and the willingness and ability of some businesses and individuals to repay their debts was reduced, but the negative level of production remained absolutely higher than in the industry.
On average. Given the firm’s tight winds and the high quality of customer resources, we believe that the downside of the company’s asset quality leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected.
He's qualified for portfolio investment consulting.
Business and industry banks publish the 1st Quarterly Report 2020, with a net profit of +3.04% for the same quarter. Total assets of 32.1 trillion yuan (+9.74%, yoy/+6.59%, qoq), of which loans + 9.93% yoy/+4.56% qoq; deposits + 7.29% yoy/+5.41% qoq. Operating income decreased by 3.62%, with a net difference of 2.20%. Company 1 annual roa 1.09% (7 bp, yoy), annual roe 13.44% (-0.91pt, yoy); company core-level capital replenished.
The main battalion has a negative increase in income, and Roe is expected to maintain the lead in the big business. The industry has experienced a 3.62 per cent decline in revenue in the first quarter of 2020 compared to 14.1 percentage points down in 2019 (10.5 per cent). The main battalion operations have been affected by a narrow interest spread, with a 4.11 per cent increase in net interest income in the first quarter compared to a 1.6 percentage point down in 2019; and a corresponding increase in net fees.
The rate of growth fell from 4.6 to 2.49 percentage points in 2019. While the epidemic had some impact on the middle harvest in the short term, we believe that, with the start-up of the industry's treasury operations and the effectiveness of the restructuring of the clearing-type operations, the rate of increase in the industry's fees will improve and will facilitate the recovery of the company's revenues. On the other hand, in the first quarter of the year, the income from insurance operations and the loss of derivative contracts increased, with the related operating income on a par.
A decrease of 70 percentage points. In the case of a negative increase in revenue on a year-on-year basis, the decrease in operating management costs and premiums has resulted in a 2.9 per cent increase in the company ' s prior-quarter contribution rate, compared to a 3.06 per cent increase in the company ' s net profits in the first quarter, compared to a 1.83 percentage point decline in 2019, and a 0.91 percentage point decrease in the annualized roe of the first quarter, compared to 13.44 per cent, but we still expect to be at the forefront.
The first quarter of the industry expanded at a rate of 6.59% over the end of 2019. Of these, the credit ring increased by 4.56%; the portfolio investment ring increased by 4.56%; and the credit release structure showed that, given the adequacy of the project reserve at the end of 2019, the impact of the epidemic on public lending was less severe, and the improvement in the public sector at the end of the first quarter contributed to the downside of the debt end-cost ratio.
4 bp down in the 4th quarter of the year, but not off the asset end yield (8bp), so the interest spread ring is 5 bp shorter in the 1st quarter. The bad rate ring at the end of the 1st quarter is 1.43% equal to the end of the 2019s. According to our calculations, the company has a negative annual rate of 1.15% for the 1st quarter and 24bp above, and is expected to be affected by the epidemic, with some companies and individuals with reduced willingness and capacity to pay their debts, but with reduced capacity to pay.
Given the firm’s tightness and the quality of its clients’ resources, we believe that the risk to the quality of its assets can be controlled. The company’s end-of-quarter coverage and loan-back ratio is almost equal at 199%, 2.85%.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)