The average rubber price increases + the cost falls, the profit margin of q3 is higher than expected, and Foster published a three-monthly report for 2020, and the company achieved operating income of $5,469 million in January-September.
A 19.14 per cent increase in the same year, a net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company of $871 million, a year-on-year increase in the sale of film and backboards, a q3-quarter increase in the rate of Māori in recent years, a slightly higher than anticipated performance in the first three quarters of the company, q1-q3-month 2020
In terms of prices, the photovoltaic membrane is $8.36 per square metre of the income structure (2020h1), mainly due to an increase in the sales of whiteeva and poe membrane;
The average backboard price was $9.42 per square metre in the third quarter of 2020. At the cost end, the price of eva resin and pet membrane purchases fell sharply, raising the Māori rate of the film business significantly, bringing the combined Māori rate of q3 to 29.71 per cent, a recent high.
The price of eva resins has increased considerably, but it is hoped that the future will be partially offset by further price increases for the film products. The ability to control costs has increased, and the proposed project is to strengthen the status of photovoltaic film taps.
Corporate cost rate control has improved better than in the same period last year, with sales rates of 1.45 per cent and management costs of 1.22 per cent, respectively, a decrease of 0.32 and 0.36 percentage points in the same year; and research and development costs.
First reported date: 12 December 2017. The company intends to build 250 million square metres of photo-voltaic film and 110 million square metres of photo-voltaic backboard capacity per year, with an investment of $1.02 billion in products such as eva film, white film, poe film, wide-band backboards.
Policies in the photovoltaic sector have fallen short of expectations; the international situation has changed; demand in overseas markets has fallen short of expectations; industry price wars have occurred; customers have failed to pay back as expected; and new materials have not progressed as expected.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.