Shinji Shanjii Forster (603806.sh) Glue volume has risen and q3 performance has increased significantly
Millions of yuan, an increase of 19.14 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 871 million yuan, an increase of 47.06 per cent in the same year, of which q3 achieved operating income of 2,093 million yuan, an increase of 29.84 per cent in the same year; long-term profitability was stable and cost was lower than that of its peers.
This increase is mainly due to the increase in the price of photovoltaic membrane from the company’s main product, resulting from the increased demand for photovoltaics, and the expansion of sales of the new expanded business sense membrane. In the last three years, the net profit of the company’s return has remained at around 30% per year, with a higher level of sustained profitability.
The Division maintained a long-term cost rate of around 7 per cent, which was significantly lower than that of other photovoltaic enterprises, with a cost rate of 5.70 per cent for the company period in 2020, compared with previous years, owing mainly to increased exchange gains and losses due to increased interest income and exchange rate fluctuations in the United States dollar during the current period.
The company is the absolute leader in the field of photovoltaic film, with over 50% in five consecutive years and 54% in 2019. Photovoltaic film is the company’s most important business plate, accounting for about 89% of the company’s operating income.
Life expectancy has a high impact and therefore demands for stability and reliability, with companies investing more than 3% in research and development for a long period of time, constantly improving the technology level of the film equipment and building good technical barriers. In addition, the company accelerated the expansion of its capacity to produce 250 million m2 of annual change in film technology in white, which started in 2018.
The project and the 200 million square metres per year per-capable film cover project will be launched in 2020, while the company proposes to transfer $1.7 billion in debt to be used for the Tianzhou Production Base project, which will continue to consolidate the company ' s full range of backboard products and a transparent backboard is expected to lead to new performance growth.
The company now owns a dozen different types of luminous backboards that can satisfy China's 28th West Side of Peace, Beijing.
The demand for diversification at the end of the component. As the ratio of two-bond components has increased in recent years, the growth of the seven-storey intercentre of the photovoltaic backboard has slowed, and the company is expected to bring in a transparent backboard suitable for the two-faced components.
The company is actively expanding its electronics business, which now has a capacity of 50 million square metres and is promoting 216 million square metres of annual production.
The construction of the membrane project is expected to be operational by the end of the year. Domestic demand for the membrane is now high, but it is almost entirely dependent on imports, and prospects for future national production are wide.
Risk of changes in global photovoltaic policy; risk of price volatility of products and raw materials; less than expected \triangleright of additional photovoltaic mounted aircraft; and less than expected recovery of the epidemic.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.