Forster (603806.sh) issued a three-quarter report for 2020, yielding $5,469 million in the first three quarters of 2020.
RMB, 19.14 per cent increase in the same year; net profit for mothers, 871 million yuan, 47.06 per cent increase in the same year; non-net profit, Zhao Teng Fai. The film business was the main reason for the growth in performance of the 03rd year.
Four hundred and fifty million yuan, an increase of 114.49 per cent in the same year, led to a significant increase in performance, mainly due to an increase in the company's photo-film industry, a sharp increase in the price of film, a significant increase in the Māori rate and a sustained outlook.20 2003 company photo-film generated $1.859 billion, a 28.9 per cent increase in the same year, with sales of 222 million square metres (compared with the corresponding figure).
The rise was due mainly to the tightening of supply and demand due to increased demand in the photovoltaic sector, with a higher share of the company ' s new high-value-added film (poe, whiteeva). On the other hand, the average photovoltaic resin of 2020q3 was relatively deep at 300.
The purchase unit price (excluding taxes) is $9.68/kg, a decline of 16.55% from the same year. The improvement is evident in the common 8.69 ptt of price increases and drops. Looking forward to 2020q4, the company’s photo-film business climate is expected to continue as photo-fibre demand increases further and glass penetration continues to rise.
Cost control is good. The company sells, manages, R & D, and the financial cost rate is 1.2%, respectively, and production capacity continues to expand and consolidates the vanguard status. The company is moving forward with the “White eva membrane modification project, which produces 250 million square metres per year”, the “Pale cover project, which produces 200 million square metres per year”, and the “Year” project.
At the same time, the company intends to issue a debt transfer, mainly for the 500 million m2 per year photovoltaic film project, which has now been approved and approved in writing by the China Securities Supervisory Board through its Audit Committee and the company's decision.
Through self-financing investments in projects producing 250 million m2 of photo-voltaic membrane per year and 110 million m2 per year of photo-voltaic backboards per year, the next few years will be a period of rapid expansion in the capacity of companies, which are the backbone of global photo-voltaic membranes, active placement of new electronic materials, etc., and continued expansion of capacity.
Zhang, a gradual horizontal extension of the industrial chain, opens the ceiling for future performance growth. We expect companies to need light-voltage machines less than expected; the risk of price volatility of raw materials; the risk of output overstretched; and the risk of higher than expected price declines due to increased competition.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Worked at the Arizona state headquarters and Beijing branch in the United States (Christensen) and worked as a customer director for financial counselling (ir) and marketing.