The new era continues to be marked by qualitative growth innovation leading poems and depth reports from Vankoa.
The cornerstones are stronger, the boards of directors are changed smoothly, and management and strategy are perfect. Deep iron groups are expected to be a win-win model of 1480510120012 that combines resources with efficiency under a mixed ownership equity structure.
High-growth + high-roe + solid cash flow, and the new era continues to grow qualitatively. Companies insist on qualitative growth, high-growth, and steadily rising city ownership, while roe is a big leader, running a business.
Cash flows continue to be positive. The quality of growth lies behind the company’s excellent operational management capacity, the advantages of financing costs, and a reasonable capital structure. Cooperative development and industrial funds contribute to a growing future of roe’s advantages.
The new business is expected to lead to a double upturn in performance and valuation.
The value of unsold and unsold items was sufficient, the average price of completed work and settlement was raised and the performance of the firm was more certain. 178 per cent of the value of the unsold balance in 2017 was covered, a ten-year high. At the end of the first quarter of 2018, the company ' s value of unsold goods was equal to $139 trillion, all of which was pending settlement.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings. We expect corporate business revenues to be valued equally for the period 2018-2020.
1 “Hankoa (000002) semi-annual review of 2017: 2; “Hankoa” incident review: big picture 3; “Hankoa incident review: flowers”
"According to the end of the fall?" 4; "Hankoa (000002) Half-Year Review 2016: The Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery."
The new era continues to be marked by quality growth and innovation leading poems and distant directions, and as a well-deserved leader and pole in the real estate industry, Vanko has been insisting on “quality growth” and continues to draw on it.
In 2017, the equity boom subsided, corporate strategic positioning was upgraded to “urban and rural construction and life service providers” and Vanko entered a new era. In the new era, what changed and insisted on Vanko? We went from “growth quality” and “innovation business” to revisit the new era.
The new location continues to grow in quality and innovation, and on the basis of market judgement, Huanko has roughly three strategic orientations. Until 2014, the location is “specialization + fine + qualitative growth.” In 2014, the “Golden Age” was introduced, positioning itself as a “city support service provider”.
Three years later, Huanko, based on an understanding of the new era, proposed a “real estate return to real-estate properties” and upgraded the position to “urban and rural construction and life service providers.” In terms of the four dimensions of the new orientation, the continuity and consistency of the Huanko business strategy has been maintained and the quality and consistency of the growth has increased.
Innovation is again emphasized. Fineness, fast turnover, adherence to real value creation, and continued pursuit of qualitative growth; Management innovation, business innovation, technological innovation, innovation of genes to complement growth potential.
Figure 2: The evolution of the strategic positioning of the 10,000 km2
The equity boom that started in 2015 was accompanied by the end of the deep iron conglomerate as the first shareholder, the permanent great alienator. To date, the first deep iron conglomerates hold 29.38% of the shares, well over 14.89% of the top conglomerates.
According to the relevant laws and regulations and company charters, the Deep Iron Group, in accordance with the shareholding ratio, has practically acquired the right of veto on most important matters and is only one step away from being a controlling shareholder. (In accordance with article 57 of the statutes of Vanko, a holding ratio of more than 30% is considered to be a controlling shareholder.)
Under this equity structure, Huanko’s ability to resist hostile acquisitions has increased significantly, contributing to the long-term stability of the equity structure. At the same time, the first major shareholder’s influence on the company has increased considerably, and there is also a stronger motivation to provide a high-quality source of Eastern financial intelligence.
Figure 3: Equity structure as at 30 June 2015
Vankoa (00002): The new era continues to be marked by qualitative growth and innovation leading poems and faraways, with vastly decentralized shares and, in the vast majority of cases, the power of veto in deep iron.
After the end of the equity boom, the company successfully completed the change of board of directors, which continued its previous structure: the number of directors from management and the number of top shareholders was three, with less than a third, and the number of directors from management. We believe that, for the foreseeable future, there is no need for control, no excessive involvement in operations, and stability in the management of Vanko.
The board composition and the stability of senior management will be beneficial to the long-term development of Vanko, which will benefit most as the first shareholder, and it is clear that there will be no loss in seeking control or excessive intervention in the business. So, while the influence of Deep Iron in Vanko is far greater than that of the year, it will not lead to a radical change in management or change in management.
2.3 With the combined formation of the “orbit plus property” win-win model, deep iron will be the number one shareholder in Vanko, and the two will be win-win on the “orbit plus property” cooperation model. It is hoped that the internalization of the current railway model will be expanded and a “strength-up” version of the railway will be created.
Deep iron is the country's first pioneer in the “orbit + property” model, with 14 ongoing orbital plus projects in the second and third phases of Shenzhen Metro, with extensive experience in this field. Vanko, as a domestic property pole, is a powerful source of Eastern wealth and wisdom.
In addition, more than 60 metro-plus projects have been developed throughout the country, and cooperation with deep iron is a source of water. According to Shenzhen's four-phase plan for urban orbital transport in Shenzhen (2017-2022), the Shenzhen subway will be built within the next five years.
About 150 km. When the four phases are completed, Shenzhen will form a network of 15 lines of orbital traffic totalling about 570 km. Deep iron, with a significant amount of high-quality land resources, will be strategically well-developed.
3. High-growth + high-roe + high-quality growth in the new era of steady cash flows
Business objectives of loyalty and innovation to increase returns and reduce risks. Looking back at the development of Vanko, we think that it is precisely “quality growth” that has led to the achievement of the 10,000 today. 3.1 High-speed marketing growth rates are steadily increasing.
The annual sales volume of the East is nearly 530 billion. Since 2008, sales have increased at a combined rate of 30.6 per cent, ranking among the highest in the industry. Company figure 6: The market area for merchandise houses has increased at the same rate (vs.wanko nationwide): %
Figure 7: Equal growth in sales of merchandise houses (national vs. 10,000): %: sales and market share: 90,000; %: performance for calendar year: 0.000
3.2 Roe’s continued leadership is the result of high net interest rates, high turnover, and high leverage.
In particular, the net profit ratio has fluctuated considerably in terms of its contribution to the high Roe, and the overall asset turnover and leverage ratio are contributing to the very low net liability of the company, and the leverage space is huge.
Figure 10: Three factors contributing units to the difference between Vankoroe and industry: Figure 11: Roe (industry vs. 10,000) Unit: % Source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity
3.2.1 The advantage of financing creates excellent net interest rates, except for a few years, where the company ' s Māori rate is close to industry averages and the net interest rate is better than industry averages, because the company ' s lower financial and management rates reflect the company ' s long-term advantages in financing and business management.
It was felt that the net interest rate advantage of the company would continue to grow in the context of the overall tightening of industry funds.
Figure 16: Management cost rate (industry vs. 10,000) units: Figure 15: Financial cost rate (industry vs. 10,000) units: %3.2.2 Stock turnover ratio is stable
The company’s stock turnover rate is stable above the industry average, showing its excellent operational management capacity. The inventory does not correspond to operating income over time, depending on the characteristics of the real estate industry. We calculate the revised stock turnover rate by replacing the business income with the item “sale of goods, cash received for the provision of services” in the cash flow statement.
Starting in 2009, the company's stock turnover rate continued to be higher than the industry average, and we believe that the company's management advantage is a combination of corporate culture, organizational structure, human resources, etc., and is the result of a combination of project expansion, financing, design, engineering, cost, marketing, etc. (“5986” principles, no)
As the Vanko project and the investment and business partnership mechanisms deepen, we believe that the corporate management advantage will be maintained and expanded, and that the stock turnover advantage will continue to grow. Figure 18: Revision of the stock turnover rate (industry vs. Vanko)
Figure 19: Total asset turnover (industry vs. Vanko) Figure 20: Revision of total asset turnover (industry vs. Vanko)
3.2.3 The combination of high leverage + low net liability control risks and higher returns increases in Roe. It needs to be noted that, at the same time as the increase in leverage, the net corporate debt ratio is significantly lower than that of the industry, and the firm ' s debt service risk is low because the interest-free debt, which is dominated by pre-receipt payments, does not increase the firm ' s debt service pressure.
Given the difference between the net corporate and industry debt ratios, the firm has exercised relative restraint since 2009 in the context of a large increase in net industry leverage and expansion. It needs to be noted that the firm ' s net debt ratio at the end of 2017 does not represent a strategic contraction in the company, and the company maintains it on the basis of its consideration of cash expenditure in 2018.
More cash (including payment of Pros purchase price and access to land, etc.)
As noted earlier, the company ' s high roller base comes mainly from financing advantages, rapid turnover (a high share of the fit-out is also a means of increasing the turnover) and reasonable leverage, while the cooperative development model (including small-share games) and the establishment of a logistics industry fund and a commercial real estate fund will further consolidate and enhance the company ' s Roe advantage.
Figure 23: Corporate Roe’s advantage will continue to expand to a positive 10-year operating cash flow of 3.3. Net cash flows from operating activities will continue to be positive while the company continues to grow at a high rate for the 10 years from 2008 to the present.
In particular, there has been a significant increase in net operating cash flows since 2014, which has provided a solid basis for new operations. Since 2005, companies in the leading industry have proposed “cash is king,” without hoarding, faster liquidity, and higher levels of revenue.
Improving the cash flow management system. Throughout the real estate industry, operating cash flows continues to be positive for very few companies as they travel through the cycle of high growth.
Vankoa (00002): The new era continues to be marked by qualitative growth and innovation leading poems and fares 4. Innovation pioneers lead trade poems and faraways.
At present, while maintaining residential development as a core business, companies are actively exploring Director Bou’s business of renting apartments, logistics, business camps, education, etc. We believe that with innovation, especially residential rental, logistics, and “orbit plus.”
The three new businesses have landed and grown, and corporate performance and valuations have had room to rise.
4.1. Lease location core business wins at the start 4.1.1 leading policy support to lead housing rentals in the east
The company began renting flats in 2014, when it transformed its “city support service provider”. In 2015, a product system was initially created, supported by Vanco, “Manuco” and “Hot Apartments”, and long-lease apartments were over-opened. In 2016, the same brand name was integrated and, by the end of 2017, 96 of the country's 29 cities were opened.
In the first quarter of 2018, the company announced that the rental of a dwelling had been defined as a core business, with plans to acquire more than 100,000 new rooms and 50,000 new ones.
4.1.2 Unlike traditional household rentals, the location of the apartment tends to be a one-room lease. Most housing sources are 20 to 30 square metres, and the rent corresponds to the local average.
Overall, the current vacancy rate is less than 10 per cent. 4.1.3 multiple access to the housing stock pattern is proportional (the ownership of the land at the time of the concession is relatively small and the price is higher, unlike the location of the dwelling).
Diversity, on the one hand, ensures the efficiency of the company’s use of funds and, on the other hand, facilitates the company’s access to scarce rental housing resources in preparation for competition in the rental market. From the point of view of the cost of money and the rent rate in major cities, we expect that the company’s future access to rental sources will be covered.
The first is the construction of rental housing using collective construction land in partnership with the village, the second is the conversion of existing commercial housing into rental housing, and the third is the renovation of old small or urban urban settlements through cooperation.
Set the goal to be the world's leading residential rental business 96 projects in 29 urban wells across the country.
• Over 1,000 apartments were opened in the long lease, starting with the Director's apartment.
Figure 26: Hotspot urban rent rates and Vanko calendar debt cost units: % 4.2 Rapid logistics warehousing development of Pros complementarities
4.2.1 Logistics operations are moving into fast-track development. The company began to deploy logistics properties in 2015 with the establishment of a dedicated logistics company, which is currently operating under the “10,000th Lat” brand, with high-value warehouse products, with the main customers being domestic mainstream power suppliers, express couriers, high-end systems.
To date, the company ' s logistics real estate operations have accumulated 62 projects with a total construction area of 4.82 million square metres, of which 26 have been completed and an average rental rate of 96 per cent has been achieved for stabilization projects.
And rent rates have remained stable, with average rents in second-line cities of $31.5 per square metre per month, and the annual revenue generated by the company’s current logistics projects are $1.57 billion. (In fact, as a reinstallation in the company’s non-real estate business, we believe that the construction area of the company’s logistics projects will maintain the current high growth.)
Figure 27: Construction area and equity ratio of the 10,000-degree logistics project, Figure 28: Some urban logistics storage rental units: won/m2/month
The company completed its work on 23 January 2018 on the logistics giant.
After the transaction was completed, the company held 21.4% of the interests of the direct purchasers. In 2017, Pros ranked first in the cities of China, Japan, and Brazil, and second in the United States, 57% of the net assets of the company were in China. By the end of 2017, Pros owned the area of built logistics property in China.
17.5 million square metres with an area of 11.2 million square metres under construction and a land reserve of 11.9 million square metres.
The so-called “orbit + property” model refers to the parallel planning of the development of subway projects and property along the metro and the development of property along the metro in cooperation with the developer, as a means of raising funds for metro construction in lieu of partial financial input to compensate for the losses and benefits of the metro project. The “orbit + property” model is essentially a source of financing for urban orbital transport.
The most critical aspect of Hong Kong’s “orbit + property” model is land concessions, where the government transfers land agreements that do not account for the premium on orbital transport to the company, rather than through the open market. In essence, rail transport is built.
The external premium is internalized to subsidize subway construction and operating costs.
Figure 30: Port and Steel Company operating income and speed increase Figure 31: Port and Steel Company net profit return and speed increase 4.3.2 “Track + Property” pioneers have extensive iron experience
Shenzhen began exploring the metro plus property development project as early as 2004, the first city in the interior to learn from Hong Kong ' s metro plus property development model. As of 2016, there were 14 Shenzhen subway development projects, of which 7 were under phase II and 7 under phase III. In order to avoid policy bottlenecks in land concessions, Shenzhen used the belt in the second phase of the metro development.
In the course of more than a decade, the Deep Iron Group has been involved in the depths of the process, the financing structure of the Orbital Plus Property, and the city regulations.
At the same time, deep-iron has a deeper understanding of the inner-field regulatory system and government operations than the port iron. In our view, deep-iron is an unquestionable pioneer in the inner-field “orbital plus property” and has an irreplaceable pre-emptive advantage.
Figure 32: Government-funded model in the Shenzhen subway construction
With Dark Iron becoming a shareholder in Vankkishik, the motivation and capacity to support the company’s development has grown considerably, and the “orbit + property” model has been promoted by both sides and is expected to enter the fast track of development. We expect that both sides will first expand their cooperation in Shenzhen, on the basis of which they will move to national markets, either together or individually.
5. Unsold and unsold goods with a high level of certainty of performance 5.1 Unsold high-cover completion double-price rise 5.1.1 record levels of pre-sale and unsold coverage
At the end of 2017, the company sold an outstanding sum of $41.43 billion, covering 178 per cent of the settlement in 2017, a ten-year high. The outstanding area was 29.6 million square metres, covering 150 per cent of the settlement area in 2017.
The amount received in advance is $40.77 billion, which covers 175 per cent of settlement income, and is also the highest in history. The abundance of outstanding resources strongly locks in the company ' s performance over the next one to two years.
5.1.2 Double increase in the average price of completed and settled construction The company ' s 2018 plan for completion of 26.3 million square metres, an increase of 14.3 per cent over the same period, and a high increase in completed areas is expected to result in an increase of 65.8 per cent in corporate operating income over the same period from the first quarter of 2018, for reasons that have a base effect.
We expect the company ' s completion plan for 2018 to be 105 per cent, corresponding to 2,763 million square metres of construction, approximately 23.8 million square metres of settlement, with an average settlement price of $12.5 million per square metre (considering a sales average pre-settlement).
Prices vary according to calibre, and the corresponding settlement income is 29.7 billion yuan, an increase of 28 per cent over the same period.
Figure 36: Planned and actual completed area Figure 37: Settlement average and sales average Figure 38: Settlement income
At the same time, the company’s financial cost rate has risen considerably. In the first quarter, the company’s financial cost has increased significantly over the same period, with a financial cost rate of 3.4 per cent compared to 2.5 percentage points for the whole year 2017.
Figure 39: Māori rate and unit of net interest rate: % Figure 40: Three fee rates for the period
5.2 There was a significant increase in the area of new construction with a sufficient value of goods, and by the end of the first quarter of 2018, the company had a reserve of 62.23 million square metres of land, an area of 780.5 million square metres under construction and an unsold area of 356.4 million square metres. On this basis, it can be approximated that the company had an unsold area of 10,464 million square metres.
Based on the assumption that the average sales price would remain at the 2017 level of $14.7 million per square metre, taking into account the value-added tax factor, the value of unsold goods would be $1.39 trillion for settlement and the value of all pending goods would be $1.86 trillion for settlement.
The geographical distribution of stocks is also very even, with a low land reserve ratio and a strong resistance to regional risks. Given the temporal mismatch between land acquisition and sales, our average land value over the previous year compared with the average sales price for the current year, provides an approximate description of the share of land cost in the average sales price for the current year, and thus infers a general change in the level of Maori sales.
In terms of the ratio of the average land price to the average sales price, the value of the land price rises from year to year, and the company’s Māori ratio is subject to some pressure.
Figure 42: The average land price of the last year/average sale price of the current year was 5.2.3 Increase in the area under construction and sales of the new area at a higher rate than the lower end of the scale The company opened 3.62 million square metres in 2017 and completed 125 per cent of the planned start-up at the beginning of the year.
The rate of increase was 7 percentage points over the year 2017, and the rate of start-up was significant.
Figure 45: Land area and equity ratio, Figure 46: Land area/sale area
Figure 47: Land grabs and equity ratio Figure 48: Land grabs/sales Company plans to complete 26.3 million square metres in 2018. We expect the completion rate to be 105%.
The construction should be completed by 2,763 million square metres and the settlement by approximately 23.8 million square metres, with an average settlement price of $1.25 million/the East’s financial boom.
50% of the construction value of 56.6 billion yuan was settled in 2019, and the settlement income in 2019 was 40.4 billion yuan. If the corresponding value of the land reserve at the end of 2017 was carried forward evenly between 2020 and 2022, then the end of 2020 would be closed in 2020. In fact, the above calculation assumes no increase in the average settlement price, without taking into account the income generated by the industry, logistics, and long leases.
In our view, financial constraints will continue, with a positive cash flow for 10 consecutive years of company operations, a long-term lead by roe, and a net debt ratio that is significantly lower than the industry’s average water level. After the equity boom subsides, the shareholder influence of the cornerstones has increased significantly, and there is greater synergy with the company’s directors.
At the same time, companies are leading industrial innovation and leading industrial change. New business, models, such as long-lease apartments, logistics, and “orbital plus property,” are expected to not only boost corporate performance, but also raise corporate valuation levels.
The average pe is 12 times the average, and we conservatively value the company. Given the company’s many levels of excellence, (1) the company’s area of completion is below expectations: (2) the company’s financial costs have risen significantly.
Vankoa (00002): The new era continues to be marked by qualitative growth and innovation leading poems and faraways.
Qinghua University has a strong civil engineering programme, a double law degree, three years of work experience in the real estate industry, a first-level registered builder, and a middle-level real estate economist.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.