In the event, the company realized a revenue of 16,814 million yuan, compared to +24.1 per cent, a net return to the mother of 1,654 million yuan, compared to 24,66 per cent, with an average weighting.
Wang Dynasty is under pressure to invest, delaying performance throughout the year. The decline in net profits from the company’s homecoming is due to capital market conditions, which have generated $685 million in income from its own business, down from $1,841 million in the same period the previous year.
In the second half of the year, there was a recovery of 779 million yuan in investment income, a total of 4 ipo principals in the year, 516 million dollars in investment income, compared to the first half of the year, and Phoenix plans to raise the size of the investment and move to the first stage.
In 2022, the revenue from corporate and disciplinary operations was $303 million, or 36.47 per cent of the total.
We estimate that the company's focus on private fund-raising will be $28.2 billion, or 68.4 per cent, and that the company will be able to change its business in a timely manner in the face of market adjustments, moving from a product marketing model to an asset allocation model, centred on customer demand.
The client investment experience and management of the growth in the size of the customer’s assets are virtuous cycles.
The net value of the company's geographical and professional advantages in the area of sales of private fund-raising.
The size of the management continues to shrink, and the size of the active management continues to rise. As the top 2022 “workshop”, the operating income is $435 million for the year, compared to +10.3%, and the size of the management continues to stagnate.
The company insists on investing in building up, branding, serving, doing scale, actively building a market-competitive star product, and firmly positioning itself as a top-notch asset management firm, striving to become a product-lined and competitive.
Proximate suppliers of industrial wealth. \triangleright Profit Forecasting and Investment Rating: Zhejiang Economy, Listed Companies and High Net People Resource High
The advantages of wealth, corporate investment, good position-based wealth management, and private-motivated wealth management are expected to be further highlighted, and corporate profitability is expected to rise to a qualitative leap as revenue from wealth management operations contributes. Moreover, market recovery is expected to significantly improve corporate self-investment.
In November 2019, he joined the Sino-China Portfolio Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for Sino-Musa, master’s degree in economics, Shandong University University, Master’s degree in economics, Ange School of Higher Business, France, three years’ experience in the non-banking financial sector.
Zhang Kaichen, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Actuarial Science, Boston University, four years of experience in the actuarials industry, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the non-banking financial sector. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.