Cobalt industry (603799.sh) - semi-annual reviews. Business performance is at an all-time high, with continuous intensification of overseas distribution. Core product production and marketing: in the first half of this year, companies took full advantage of industrial integration, opportunities, opportunities and opportunities.
Markets, updates, business quality are steadily improving: 1 upstream resource end, company cobalt output about plus, which is the central driver of growth in the q2 performance ring. 2 downstream material end, company tri-dollar drive out optimized product structure; 396 million tons of material output from company tri-dollar orthodoxy, higher nickel than +17.68 per cent.
Increased overseas layout, magnifying integration advantages.1 Upstream resource end: in Indonesia, the company's annual production in collaboration with the Freshwater Valley, Indonesia, Ford Motors.
Construction was initiated for the polalaa wet-water project for tons of nickel metal; preparation of the 60,000 tons of nickel metal sorowako wet-water project, in collaboration with Indonesia in the freshwater valley, was well advanced. In Africa, the company rcadia lithium mine in Zimbabwe, which, through supplementary exploration, held resources from 1.5 million tons of lithium carbonate.
With an increase of 2.45 million tons, the grade has risen to 1.34 per cent, and the construction of the 50,000 tons of lithium sulphate project, which began in January of this year, is now in the equipment installation phase, which is expected to be completed by the end of the year, and will result in the integration of lithium concentrate into lithium salt, which will significantly reduce the cost of lithium salt production.
Downstream material end: in Indonesia, the Huagen 50,000 pre-T$3 project was evaluated in November 2024 by the Ki-Ya Yu Cobalt Industry (603799.sh): the advantages of the integrated layout were revealed,combine was built and bulk deliveries were made in the first quarter of this year; in Korea, 66,000 tons of turtle tails were working with lig.
In Europe, Hungary’s positive material phase of 2.5 tons is well under way and is expected to be completed in the course of the year. Investment proposals: maintain a “better than the big city” rating.
The chain is effective against downside risks in the industry, but it is also expected to fully enjoy the elasticity of the future industry’s climate, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating. The q2 performance ring has increased markedly, and the increase in nickel output is a central driver.
+10.89%. Corporate integration advantages continue to be released, with business performance rising to record levels during the same period.
On-site, up-to-date list, the quality of operations has steadily improved: at the upstream end of the resource, the volume of corporate cobalt products was about 20.8 million tons, compared to 9.89 per cent, a decline in the same year or due to the tight supply of cobalt raw materials and the sale of corporate cobalt products; the core driver of the growth of corporate nickel products was the core driver. At the downstream end of the material, the volume of corporate three-dollar drive goods was about 4.21 million tons, compared to the same amount.
The decline was due to the company’s initiative to reduce some of the low-profit products and optimize the structure of the product; the company’s three-dollar positive materials, with a volume of 3.96 million tons, or +17.68 per cent, rose to more than 60 per cent of the top nickel 9 products. Overall, in the context of the relatively low-intensity of the lithium industry, the company’s upstream resource end was steadily expanded, downstream materials were developed.
Structural excellence at the end provides important support for the growth of corporate performance. Financial costs are about $912 million, or 14.8 per cent, and companies drive the first half of the year through a number of initiatives such as accelerating liquidity efficiency, optimizing short- and long-term financing structures, and optimizing interest-rate window access to diversified financing.
The cost of financing is 30 basis points lower than in the previous year, and the integration chain has been achieved through the multi-year layout of the company as the head of the new energy lithium-materials industry.
In the first half of the year, the company was still active in driving the globalization landscape: 1 upstream resource end: in Indonesia, the company built up 60,000 tons of wet-water projects in China, and 45,000 tons of high ice in Waco.
The nickel project, the Chinese-flying 120,000 tons wet method project, and the acquisition of an arctic fire project, with a total capacity of approximately 245,000 tons of intermediate nickel; in addition, the company ' s annual production of 120,000 tons of nickel in collaboration with the Freshwater Valley Indonesia and Ford Motors; the construction of the polymala moistology project has been initiated; and the annual production of 60,000 tons of nickel in cooperation with the Freshwater Valley Indonesia
Preparations for the sorowako wet-water project are proceeding in an orderly manner; at the same time, the company has deployed mine resources in the form of equity and long-term supply agreements and has so far been involved in five mines: wbn, scm, ajb, wkm, tms, and with the freshwater valley, the pomalaa project, the sorowako project, exclusive for the company ' s nickel cobalt refining project.
In Africa, the company has established a mining, mineral selection, cobalt copper smelting integrated cobalt and copper resource development system in the main mining areas of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and has invested in arcadia lithium mining project in Zimbabwe, where, through supplementary exploration, the retention of lithium carbonate has increased from 1.5 million tons of lithium equivalent.
Two hundred and fifty thousand tons of lithium sulphate, which rose to 1.34 per cent in grade, began construction in January of this year and is now in the equipment installation phase. Construction is expected to be completed by the end of the year, with the completion of the project, which will lead to the integration of lithium concentrate to lithium salt, which will significantly reduce the cost of lithium salt production.
Downstream material end: in Indonesia, 50,000 tons of nickel sulphate were built for testing, in November 2024, with a phase of 50,000 tons of nickel pre-remobilization, and a bulk supply was achieved in the first quarter of this year to lay the foundation for access to the North American market; in Korea, 66,000 tons of solid material projects were partially produced in collaboration with lig, resulting in the production of tons.
In Europe, Hungary's positive material phase of the 25,000-ton project is well under way and is expected to be built in the course of the year, enabling companies are deeply embedded in the European electric car industry chain and take advantage of the European and global lithium industry chain market Investment proposal: maintain a “better than the big market” rating.
The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through sound judgement and conclusions, and that the results of the analysis are based on the results of the analysis.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author