Continuous release of integration advantages and impressive growth in performance - semi-annual review in 2025
The net profit is 2.71 billion yuan, or +62.3 per cent of the year; the net profit is 2.59 billion yuan, or +47.7 per cent of the year. In the first quarter, 25q2 companies earned 19.36 billion yuan, or +28.3 per cent of the year, or +8.5 per cent of the year; Wet smelting capacity is fully released, and production is consistently stable.
A net profit of $798 million and $458 million. In addition, in Indonesia, the company added two red-earth nickel deposits, while the nickel-cobalt reserves were further thickened, while an orderly push was made for the construction of the Pomalaa wet technology project, with an annual production of 120,000 tons of nickel metal, with an annual production of 60,000 tons of nickel.
The pre-programming of the Sorowako wet-water project in the sum of Sun Sheki, the Congolese cobalt export ban of four months landed and the supply contraction rose to the average cobalt price of 25 q2 per month.
In June, the Democratic Republic of the Congo renewed the ban on exports until 22 September, considering the gradual de-introduction of industrial stocks under policy regulation, and the company is expected to benefit from the elastic release of its performance resulting from the rise in cobalt prices.
Lithium: The resource reserve has increased further and the lithium sulphate drop project has progressed successfully. Through supplementary exploration, the company ' s retention of lithium carbonate in Zimbabwe has increased from 1.5 to 2.45 million tons of lithium equivalent and the grade has risen to 1.34 per cent. The 50,000 tons of lithium sulphate produced annually is in the equipment installation phase and is expected to be completed by the end of the year.
The construction was completed, the benefits of mineral-metallurgical integration would be fully realized, and the production costs of lithium salt would be further reduced. Lithium electric materials: the product structure would be optimized continuously, and the pre-Indonesian drive-over project had been delivered in bulk.
The product is exported to optimize the structure of the product; the volume of material delivered by the triad is 3.96 million tons, or +17.68%, and the ratio of products produced by the super-high nickel 9 has risen to more than 60%.
Achieving bulk supply to prepare the ground for entry into the North American market; Hungary’s positive material phase of the 25,000-ton project is well under way and is expected to be completed during the year, pre-empting markets in the European and global Lithium chain. Investment proposals: corporate industrial integration has a significant advantage, sustaining efficiency gains and steadily improving the quality of operations.
I am committed to producing the present report independently and objectively, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been forthcoming in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.