With the convergence of new energy metals and positive materials, the beneficiary sector has developed significantly, with a net profit of 2.711 billion yuan, an increase of 62.26 per cent over the same period. This is mainly due to the increase in the volume of goods coming out of companies and the increase in the prices of cobalt- and copper-series products.
The company benefits from the recovery of the price of the drilling series. According to the data from usgs, in 2024, 29.0 million tons of cobalt were produced globally, of which the Democratic Republic of the Congo produced 22 million tons, or 76 per cent, of which the global share was the world ' s first largest producer of cobalt. The Democratic Republic of the Congo has imposed a four-month ban on cobalt exports since February 2025.
By June, it was again extended to 22 September, and the global cobalt supply is expected to be significantly reduced in 2025, with a steady rise in the price of mb cobalt from $9.81/lb at the beginning of the year to $15.16/lb at the end of the reporting period, an increase of almost 55 per cent over the period.
The company’s cobalt resources come mainly from Africa, with a total market value/flow of crude hydrogen oxygen (billion yuan) for cobalt, which is supplied by its own mines and procured from local mining companies, and nickel in Indonesia.
By the end of 2024, the company had built 60,000 tons of wet-law projects in Indonesia.
Co 45,000 tons of high-ice nickel project, 120,000 tons of Chinafei wet project, acquisition of the Elite Fire project, with a total capacity of approximately 245,000 tons (metal volume) of nickel intermediates.
The cumulative output of nickel products was 13.94 million tons, or 83.91 per cent, which strongly supported the growth in corporate performance. Meanwhile, the Pomalaa Wet Project, which produced 120,000 tons of nickel annually, began construction, and Sorowako, which produced 60,000 tons of nickel annually, was wet.
The company’s lithium business is mainly from its own mines, and its main product is the lithium quartz orite ore, which provides raw materials for the lithium salt plant in the country.
(a) Additional exploration. The volume of lithium resources in the urcadia mine increased from 1.5 million tons to 2.45 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent and the grade increased to 1.34 per cent; the operational targets for project production continued to be optimized and production costs steadily decreased;
Lithium positive-polar products are growing, and new lithium-electric technologies are improving. Companies are continuously refining the energy-metal industry chain through global resource allocation, pre-drives and tri-polar material production. Global tri-poly-material production in 2025 is 455,000 tons, a 4.5 per cent decline in the same year, in China 3.
The production of metadata was 321,000 tons, an increase of 7.3 per cent over the same period. The company achieved 3.96 million tons of material exports from the triad, an increase of 17.68 per cent over the same period, and the ratio of products from the super-high nickel 9 to more than 60 per cent.
Structure, down from the same period last year. The company is actively developing a variety of new lithium electric materials, a large number of high end nickel products, production and production, a high voltage of 3.55v, production of 3O4 cobalt products, sodium conglomerates, ionization process modulation, first shape of lithium manganese-rich pre-manganese drivers, second-generation pre-research and cut to solid /
At the same time, the company has continued to work closely with the Lithium Power Industry Headlines to expand the positive material spectrometry system, which is used for large cylinder batteries, e-vtol low-altitude vehicles, and a nine-system super-high nickel triode for human-shaped robots, which has taken the lead in scalding and continuous release.
The solid-state battery material has been applied to the terminal customer ' s 1,000 km of super-long cruise vehicle, full-scale solid-state electricity, and the pond ' s tri-dollar positive material has been developed to cover the entire route. Overseas production capacity continues, with Indonesia ' s energy capacity of 50,000 tons of pre-MKD phase delivering bulk supplies and laying the foundation for entry into the North American market; Hungary ' s positive poles are continuing.
The material phase of the 25,000-ton project, which is expected to be completed during the year, will be deeply embedded in the European chain of electric automobiles and will take advantage of the markets in the European and global lithium chain. Investment proposals: companies are actively developing global lithium cobalt minerals, and resource reserves and output are increasing.
And we've achieved an integrated development strategy for the flow of resources to lithium and recycling. We've been looking at the company for billions and 7,524 million dollars, corresponding to 14 times the pe, 12 times the pe, and 10 times the pe, and covering the impact for the first time; new energy cars are the largest market for lithium batteries, and changes in the industry are related to the supply of and demand for battery materials.
There's a clear impact; other risks. Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make their own investment decisions.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.