The main business of the Waterworks Company is the development, investment, construction, operation and management of hydroelectric projects.
The main source of revenue is from the sale of hydroelectric power. The company owns all the water and resource development rights that are currently in the lead in the country in large watersheds, ladders, rolling, integrated water, electricity development, and has installed a power plant holding capacity of 17.3738 million kW.
Medium hydropower capacity is 17.13.88 kilowatts (kW) with total equity (million shares) after the release of approved power plants under construction. With the company ' s hydropower development operations going up the river, the capacity is approximately 1,162.5 kilowatts (kW).
As the number of issues accounts for the total value of the post-issuance stock, the size of the company will continue to expand.
The fund-raising project will increase the capacity of the company by 2.81 million kilowatts.
High, the market share of the company will increase further, contributing to the competitiveness and profitability of the company’s core business.
The company’s main business is the development, investment, construction, operation and management of hydropower projects, and its main income is from the sale of hydropower. The company has the right to develop all of the water resources of the river’s dry currents, which are the leading watersheds, ladders, rolling, integrated hydropower development agents in the country.
The company's main product is electricity. The company is the main investor in the current development of tidal hydropower in the late river basin. According to the China-China ITU National Electricity Industry Statistics Rapid List 2016, public 2016.
The Ministry held a power generation capacity of 63.563 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh), representing about 6.04 per cent of the total electricity generated by more than 1051.840 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) in 2016.
As of 30 June 2017, the company had installed 17,37.38 kilowatts (kW), of which water and electricity were 10,000 kilowatts. As the company's hydropower development continued to expand upstream, the company's capacity would be increased.
With the rapid growth of our economy and the rapid growth of our electricity sector, installed capacity and power generation, the total installed capacity of our electricity sector rose from 623.7 million kWh in late 2006 to 2,849.9 billion kWh in 2016, with a combined annual growth rate of 5,89.7 billion kWh in 2016.
On 7 June 2014, the Department of State issued the Energy Development Strategy Action Plan (2014-2020), which states the need for a vigorous development of renewable energy sources that will be used in tandem with in situ consumption, in accordance with output and local consumption, with an average growth rate of 7.68 per cent per year.
In the case of hydropower, the plan calls for the active development of hydropower, with a focus on the south-west rivers of Jinsha, Yakang, Grand River, Lantern River, etc., in the context of environmental protection and resettlement of migrants.
To build large hydropower bases; to develop small power plants adapted to local conditions, to plan and build pumping power plants, and to enhance integrated water resources use. By 2020, non-fossil energy accounted for 15% of primary energy consumption, and to strive for conventional hydropower installed around 350 million kW.
On 30 November 2016, the National Energy Agency issued the “13th Five-Year Plan for Hydropower Development” (2016-2020), which will accelerate the construction of a pumping plant to adapt to new energy requirements and ensure the safe operation of the electricity system.
In Yunnan, the power plant is located mainly in Yunnan Province. Yunnan Province has a large reservoir of water and energy resources and is well developed.
The water system, with 104 million kilowatts, is the third largest in the country. It is concentrated mainly in the three main water systems of the Yangtze River, the Yangtze River, and the Miyagi River, north-west of Fiji; it has a capacity of about 900 million kilowatts, followed only by Sichuan, and is the second largest in the country.
As a priority and priority for development, the water system has been given policy, financial, technical and so forth, along with the country's intensive implementation of strategic opportunities such as the Great West Development, Energy Conservation and Reduction of Emissions to Combat Climate Change, and the “West East Transport” to transform its resource advantages into economic advantages, using China's “bridges” open to the southwest.
In its role, Yunnan Province will focus on building power and water in the Yangtze River, the Jinsha River and the Mijiang River, building Yunnan as a clean energy base in the country's “West East” and a power hub in and out of the southwest of the country, and proposing a hydropower-based electricity industry.
To foster the development of the second pillar of Yunnan after tobacco, the hydropower sector will be greatly developed in Yunnan Province.
The competitive structure of the industry and the position of companies have largely diversified the country ' s hydropower sector, including mainly the tri-fon group, the five major power-generating groups, other central enterprises, local power-generating groups and private and foreign power-generating enterprises.
The tri-gorge group is the largest hydroelectric company in the country, with a capacity of 50.64 million kilowatts at the end of 2016, with a capacity of 50.64 million kilowatts: the five largest power-generating groups are the China Energy Group, the Great Tang Group, the State Power Group, the China Power Group and the State Power Corporation, all of which have a significant capacity of hydroelectrics; and other central enterprises.
For example, NSG also owns larger-scale hydroelectric loaders; local power generation groups include the Hubei Energy Group Unit