The main business of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre, the second largest hydroelectric company in the country, is the development of dry-flow hydroelectric projects, the main revenue of which is from hydropower.
The company, which is responsible for the development of dry-flow water resources, is currently the leading water basin, ladder, rolling, integrated hydropower development agency in the country. It is a scientific build-up and a high level of centralization and operation. The company’s hydroelectric market in Yunnan Province is growing faster and has great potential for development.
In Yunnan Province, the installed capacity rose from 54% to 72%. In 2006, 1813 million kilowatts (kW) were installed, and after 10 years of rapid development, 844.158 kilowatts (kW) were reached in 2016, with an average annual compound growth rate of 16.63%. Of this, the installed capacity increased from 971.0 million kW (kW) in 2006 to 2016.
The proportion of electricity and water installed as clean energy has stabilized at over 20%, and Yunnan Province has made it a priority to develop the Yangtze, Jin Sha and Rhejiang, and has given it a boost in terms of policy, funding, technology, etc.
• The company is building and preparing the assembly capacity of 1,162.5 million kW, which is 67 per cent of the size of the operational fleet, with sufficient project reserves. As at 30 June 2017, the company had installed 17,37.38 kW, with an authorized capacity of approximately 1,162.5 kW, which is the largest in Yunnan Province.
The company plans to maintain its position as the country's second largest water basin hydroelectric company by 2020, with key indicators in the forefront of the world's energy industry, with a strong combination of high value-creation capabilities and broad social influence.
Clean-energy listed enterprises, entering the world’s world’s most competitive electricity companies; achieving the ambitious goal of re-establishing a “circumstance” by 2030. • The reform of the electricity system has continued, with companies showing downward trends in the prices of electricity on the Internet over the years.
The company’s five hydroelectric stations, Kuruko Bridge, Ko Wan, Shizudang, Gyeonghong, and Long Kong, competed in the market. The company’s remaining power stations, Wong Wan Bay, Ri Riang, and Small and Medium Hydropower, were distributed as priority power plants.
Key indicator (2016) Full-cost guaranteed acquisition of electricity and non-participation in marketized transactions.
The company’s main business is the development, investment, construction, operation and management of hydroelectric projects, with the main revenue derived from the sale of hydroelectric power. The company, which is responsible for the development of dry-flow water resources, is one of the leading watersheds, ladders, rolling, integrated hydropower development companies in the country, and is one of the high-level hydropower companies in scientific construction and centralization.
The company has approved a capacity of 1.66.8 million kilowatts (kW) for the main power plant in construction, preparation and previous work, due to a significant decline in revenue from the sale of electricity in the main business, which is expected to improve future operating income and net profits as the company ' s level of business increased in the first half of 2017.
In the twenty-first century, the hydropower sector grew rapidly globally and contributed significantly to economic growth. The data show that the technology of China’s hydro energy resources could be developed.
China is now in the lead in the world in terms of installed capacity, hydroelectric power generation, and construction standards for hydroelectric plants, and the technology to build hydroelectric plants. At the same time, China is the world’s largest hydroelectric power producer, with its consumption of $162.8 billion in 2016, accounting for the share of global hydropower consumption.
The energy power plant is located mainly in Yunnan Province, which generated 69,201 million kilowatt-hours in 2006 and, after 10 years of rapid development, reached 246,950 million kilowatt-hours in 2016, with an annual compound growth rate of 13.57 per cent. Of this total, hydroelectric power generation grew from 29,415 million kilowatt-hours in 2006 to 20,61.5 million kilowatt-hours in 2016, with an annual compound increase.
In Yunnan Province, the share of installed utilities rose gradually, from 54 to 72 per cent. In Yunnan Province, the installed capacity in 2006 was 18,130.0 million kilowatts. After 10 years of rapid development, it reached 84,458 kilowatts in 2016, with a combined annual growth rate of 10,000 kilowatts, with a combined annual growth rate of 20.17 per cent. The share of installed capacity rose from 53.56 per cent in 2006 to 2016.
The company is located in Yunnan Province, where demand is stable and has great potential for development. The main reasons are: first, the company’s main power station is located in Yunnan Province, with a reservoir of water resources of 104 million kilowatts, the third largest in the country; the capacity of the installed capacity is approximately 90 million kilowatts, the second largest in the country, with large reserves of water resources, and favourable conditions for development; second, the country’s demand for electricity is increasing and economic development is developing.
In a highly positive correlation, in 2016, under the combined effects of rapid growth in capital investment and the warming of the real estate and automobile markets, signs of a steady improvement in the performance of the real economy were evident, with a recovery in the volume of electricity generated and consumed by society as a whole and a steady increase in the demand for electricity in the market; and, thirdly, as energy-saving and environmental pressures grew, a series of incentives for clean energy development were put in place.
As a clean energy source, hydropower has stabilized at more than 20 per cent of installed capacity in the country, and Yunnan Province has prioritized the development of the Yangtze, Kinsha and Riyagi rivers, with strong support in policy, finance, technology, and so on. 2.2 The scale of hydropower is expanding to promote green development in the country.
In the context of encouraging the implementation of clean energy development policies, the hydropower sector has stabilized at more than 20% of installed capacity in the country, increasing from 13,029 kilowatts in 2006 to 3,321.1 million kilowatts in 2016, with an average annual compound growth rate of 9.81%. As of the end of 2016, the composition of power sources for installed capacity and power generation in the country showed that traditional power sources were in place.
Major, but still strong, developments in all types of clean energy, with a stable market share for hydropower and a growing market size, are both an inevitable consequence of social demand and the right path to respond to the country’s green development.3 The second largest hydropower company in the country has sufficient project reserves.
According to the circular issued on 6 March 2017 on the issuance of the programme for the implementation of the 2017 Yunnan electricity market conversion trade (No. 97], the company’s five hydroelectric power stations, the fruit bridge, the cove, the Xinghong, and the Yongkiao, competed in the market. The rest of the company’s power stations are scattered.
The company is the second-largest hydroelectric company in the country, after the Yangtze Power. The power plant is large, the water is high, and the unit has more power, which can be converted to more.
The company is an important backbone of the country's “West Timor” industry and a core company in Yunnan Province to build power-based power-based industries, which are important for improving the country's electricity structure and establishing a scientifically sound energy model. Since its inception, the Department has invested considerable scientific and technological resources and has produced a number of important scientific and technological results.
The company responded positively to global economic trends, implemented a “one-way” strategic approach, seized Yunnan as a strategic opportunity for South-East Asia and South Asia Radiation Centre, actively participated in competition and cooperation in the South-East Asia electricity market, and made full use of two domestic and international markets, two resources, no.
As of 30 June 2017, the company had installed 17,37.38 kilowatts, with an authorized capacity.
By 2020, the company plans to maintain its operational capacity at around 24 million kilowatts, maintaining its position as the largest power-generating company in Yunnan Province, maintaining the status of the second largest water basin hydroelectric company in the country.
By 2030, we will have achieved the ambitious goal of re-establishing a “climbing river.” The company intends to publicly release up to 1.8 billion shares of a stock for the construction of a hydroelectric plant, raising about 3.8 billion yuan.
The funds are planned to invest in the Meowtail hydroelectric plant, the Utrun hydroelectric plant, and the Reed hydroelectric plant. Of these, the Meowyu hydroelectric plant is to be used for the collection of about $1.7 billion, with a projected capacity of 4 x 35 million kW in construction, with a pre-construction work to be carried out in December 2008, the first unit to be operational in October 2017, and the entire fleet is scheduled to be operational in March 2018; and the Utrun hydroelectric plant is to be commissioned.
With approximately $1.4 billion in funds raised and an expected post-construction capacity of 4 x 24.75 (thousands of kilowatts), pre-construction work was carried out in April 2010 and the first crew was scheduled to take up production in December 2018 and the entire fleet was scheduled to take up production in September 2019; the pre-construction work was scheduled to take place in Lippe, and the first crew was scheduled to take up production in June 2018, and the entire fleet was scheduled to go on board in December 2018.
Assumption 3: Māori rates for power operations tend to decline in parallel with the continued marketization of electricity; Table 8 Sub-operational income and Māori rates
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.