On August 30, 2023, China released its 2023 mid-year report, and the group realized its parent-occupational profits in the first half of 2023.
Life and health insurance operations: a combination of insurance, insurance, etc. is growing and new business values \triangleright is visible. 1) 1h23 achieves life and health insurance operations with a new business value of 25,960 million
The company relies on the strategy of 4 canals plus 3 products, with both supply and demand in the context of the gradual recovery of socio-economic activity in the first half of the year.
Synchronization of the end, with Nbv achieving an increase in the same ratio. 2) One risk agent channel: effective upgrading of team capacity through agent performance, merit and a range of resources support, 1h23 agent channel nbv compared to 43% (comparable caliber), per capita capacity equal to +36.8%, with “good +” in the new workforce
Home agent model, with a new team of excellence exceeding 2,000, with a higher share of value contributions than innovation; active strengthening; solid external banking partnerships, greater standardization of network operations, and a significant increase in per capita productive capacity.
Insurance income from insurance services was $15,899 million, or +7.8 per cent, and from insurance coverage, 98,0 per cent of the combined cost of 1h23 as compared to +18.2 per cent, equal to 8.5 per cent) of the total cost of the insurance services; and from the need to recover from the movement of insured customers and to ensure that the insurance operations were affected by market changes.
This rate has risen slightly over the same period. 1h23 car insurance revenues of $101,348 million, or +6.1 per cent, combined cost of insurance coverage of 97.1 per cent, or 2.4 percentage points, compared to the previous year. The first half of the year saw an increase in demand for travel by customers, resulting in an upward trend in the rate of payment of insurance on the insurance market.
Insurance: Increased combined cost of insurance over the same period. Company 1h23 guaranteed insurance revenue of 2,188 million yuan, i.e. 79.3 per cent of the total cost of insurance coverage, 117.7 per cent of the total cost of insurance coverage, i.e. 4.7 per cent of the increase in the same year, mainly due to micro-enterprise clients.
+0.4pc, annualized net investment return by year, mainly due to maturity of stock assets and new assets
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd., which accounts for 4.5 per cent of investment assets; 75.6 per cent of investment assets, equity investments, and claims
Investment as a percentage of 18.7 per cent and other equity as a percentage of 5.7 per cent
The new business value of 1h23 has increased consistently, and the reform of the insurance and insurance channels has led to an improvement in the quality of the business and a significant increase in per capita output. The company’s ongoing reforms have led to an overall recovery in the compound of socio-economic activity, with a series of steady growth-resilient structures and incentives.
With the policy support of dynamic capital market development, investment ends are expected to improve marginally, and investment capital and long-term debt matching are expected to be further optimized. We believe that the current valuation reflects pre-pessimistic precipitous risk factors: pro-agent growth and qualitative upgrading are not as high as expected; and life risk reforms are not as high as expected;
Figure 2: nbv (millions) and nbvm
Figure 4: Investment rate of return International financial profession, former Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Industry, and General Manager of the Yonghai Leasing Operations Department, formerly employed in the China-China Portfolio Portfolio and China-Canadian Portfolio. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019.
Maester, Master of Economics, Shandong University, Master of Economics, Ange School of Higher Business, France, three years of experience in the non-banking financial sector, formerly employed in the Tianfeng securities, joined the Sinda securities in August 2022 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Zhang Kajing, Master of Science, Wuhan University, Master of Actuarial Science, Boston University, four years of experience in the actuarials sector, June 2022
She has worked in finance, domestic electricity, and the non-financial sector. She has worked in Chinese banks, civil credit cards.
In November 2022, they joined the CSVC to conduct banking research. Part of it is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or opinion in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.