The net interest gap was stable and the credit innovation was high on 31 August 2022: on 30 August, the Bank of China issued a 22h1 report, collecting $31,325 million, yoy + 3.4 per cent;
By 22h1, the \triangleright ring ratio +1.3pc, the \0.7pt result net profit margin ratio, to some extent influenced by a high 21h1 base.
According to the split, the net interest income continued its positive growth, up to five consecutive quarters at the same rate as the increase, largely benefiting from a robust net interest differential under an improved asset structure; net fee income was -7.8 per cent compared to -7.8 per cent, both from reduced commissions, sales business income from fluctuations in the capital market and as a result of proactive fee concessions; and other non-profits
Interest-bearing income has fallen slightly over the same year, mainly as a result of the decline in investment returns and valuations of financial assets measured in fair value, and has been actively investing in support of national priority strategies, using the "8 Great Finances" as a vehicle. Actively acting as a major state-owned player, credit lending has been increasing and, as of 22h1, the average balance of loans has increased by 0.4 pct over the growth ring.
The sum of RMB loans in the country is over $1 trillion, which is the highest in history. The concept of the development of the "8 Finances" continues to be s010521120003.
\triangleright Research Assistant \triangleright
+1bp, which is not easy in the context of overall interest differentials in the industry. At the asset end, loans continue to grow at a higher rate than interest-bearing.
Bank of China (6088.sh) 2021 explains in detail: +4bp. Cost of interest-bearing liabilities +3bp, mainly for the apparent upswing in public demand costs and for individuals to contract regularly for the “8 Finances” and to improve the quality of operations - 2022/04/
Asset quality and provision levels are generally stable. As of 22H1, the rate was higher than at the beginning of the year +1bp, but the rate of concern was \triangleright-6bp, and the rate of under-privilegation was up in the first half of the year, but we expect it to be more of a short-term disturbance.
As the impact of the epidemic fades, the ability of the population to repay debt is expected to recover and the quality of its assets remains stable. A provision for coverage - 4.3 pct, in line with the incentives recommended.
\triangleright