The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WIRDC) for the scarcity and future value of global power taps
The company is a clean energy flagship with a capacity of 4549.5 kilowatts at the end of 2019, with five hydroelectric plants at the top 10 of the world ' s installed capacity, and has built four giant power plants, three gorges, a Goose Dam, a River River, and a dam with the world ' s highest-quality and scarce assets. The generation of electricity will be achieved in 2016-2019.
In mid-term, with Utunde and White Crane Beach giant power plants in place, the total number of installed machines would increase by 26.2 million kilowatts, or 58% of the current size; and 101.4 billion kilowatts per year of designed power generation would be achieved with medium-term delivery.
The company’s Māori rate has stabilized at over 60% over a decade, and Roe at more than 14%, which is the highest industry-wide level. Sex highlights the strong defensive attributes, and the high value of asset allocation in a global interest-reduction environment.
Investments are robust and efficient in smoothing performance. Companies are actively investing abroad around a “one-led two-wing” development strategy. In 19 years, the market-based way of buying 23% of the company’s shares in gold and consolidating the Yagi River Basin developers has reached a record high.
In the medium term, the company has a huge hydroelectric plant, installed in a large capacity, has assets to inject into expectations, has a strong potential for growth, has a high defensive value, has both a defensive value, and has a sustainable long-term value, taking into account the company’s position in the global hydroelectric tap industry.
For the first time, a “possession” rating was given. During the period, assets were injected at a pace or less than expected.
Founded on 29 September 2002, the company was listed on the Ipo roll-out in November 2003, mainly in hydroelectric power generation, distribution and overseas power station operations, management, consulting and financing operations in a number of countries around the world, including Germany, Portugal, Brazil and Malaysia.
At present, the company has 82 hydroelectric units, of which 700,000 kW in single and 58 in superior giant units, accounting for more than half of the world's equivalent hydropower units. The company has its own capacity of 45,495,000 kW in running and managing the three gorges, the Goji dam, the brooks, the four giant hydroelectric plants to its dams, China's largest electricity listing company and the world's largest hydropower listing company.
The shareholders in the company hold 57.92% of the direct shares in China’s Changjiang San Gorge Group Ltd., the shareholders in the holding are fully held by the State Treasury Committee of the State Council, and the company’s actual final control is the State Treasury Committee of the State Council.
Business 2: Global power poles, excellent profitability, rising yields, combined profit growth rate of 29.7 per cent: companies are not only our a-share taps, but also the world ' s largest hydroelectric company, with total corporate profits growing at more than 25 per cent compound growth and strong profitability since listing.
After that, the company’s business performance was robust, with lower levels of profitability and performance fluctuations. Billions of dollars, 21.5% of the year, $2.74 billion of the net profit after deduction, and 13.6% of the year, showed strong resilience.
The company’s performance is expected to pick up steadily when it enters the master’s period, and its capacity to help improve. Operating cash flows are stable, guaranteeing a high share of commitments: corporate cash flows are stable, and business cash flows remained stable within 39 billion yuan-40 billion yuan in 2016, after the acquisition of Kawanami in 2016.
Cash flows provide financial security for a commitment to a high share of red money. Corporate Māori rates are high, stable at over 60 per cent, while Māori rates are higher at 2015-2019, respectively. Hydropower lead companies are profitable: the company ' s revenue from hydropower as a proportion of total corporate income in 2016-2019 is the same as in 2016-2019.
3 Currently installed first globally, with a total capacity of 45,495,000 kilowatts and a global capacity.
According to the tri-gorge group, Udongde and White Crane Beach power plants will be built into public companies. The Udongde hydroelectric power plant will be designed with a total installed capacity of 10.2 million kW, consisting of 12 units of water turbines with a single capacity of 850,000 kW, and will become the seventh largest hydroelectric power plant in the world.
With a total capacity of 16 million kilowatts, the White Crane Beach hydroelectric plant will become the second largest hydroelectric power plant in the world when it is completed. It is expected that two giant hydroelectric plants in Utund and White Crane Beach will rise to 71,695,000 kilowatts after they are put into service.
By that time, the company will have five giant hydroelectric plants in the top 10 global rankings. U-White power plants are expected to grow by 57.6% and generate about 47% more than they currently do. U-dongde power plants have a total installed capacity of 10.2 million kWh and are designed to generate 38.91 billion kWh annually.
The right bank belongs to the Kunming district of Yunnan Province, and the left bank belongs to the eastern district of the capital of Sichuan Province. It is four water elevators in the lower Qingsha River sector — 100 million cubic metres. It is regulated by 3.02 billion cubic metres and 2.44 billion cubic metres of flood protection. Each plant on the left and right bank has six 85,000 kilowatts of water turbines. Construction began in 2011 and officially began in December 2015.
The first generation of power is planned for July 2020, and the project was completed in December 2021. Recently, the first six and seven units of the Utungde hydroelectric power station were successfully completed with 72 hours of pilot operation, marking the first unit of the Utund hydroelectric power station to be officially operational, commercially operational, and the project was well under way and ready for release.
The power station is located in Yunnan, in the Sichuan River sector, on the right side of Yunan Province, and in Ningnan County, on the left side of Sichuan Province, is the second level of the four water elevators downstream of the Jinsha River. The station is 825 metres high, with a total reservoir capacity of 20,627 million cubic metres, and is regulated by 10,436 billion cubic metres.
Construction began in 2012, with the first generation planned for July 2021 and the first generation planned for December 2022, assuming that 2: Other operations accounted for a relatively small share and were expected to increase slightly and maintain a three-year average profit.
In terms of valuation levels, the company is expected to value 19x, pb over 20 years, with a high potential for defence and long-term value, taking into account the company ' s status in the global hydropower tap industry. The risk of changes in the price of electricity policy, the risk of water fluctuations, the progress or lack of progress in the construction of the plant, the pace of asset injection or
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.