Silver World Wide Market's Wisdom Investment Corporation has been renovating deep south circuits (002916/ch) with strong revenue in the fourth quarter, which boosts the year's performance.
Revenues and net profits for the quarter are expected to account for 30% and 35% of the year’s performance. Four quarters of income is 12.8% longer than China’s semiconductor, reaching RMB 490 million. The Māori rate has risen for three consecutive quarters, from the second to third quarters.
Yang Tianwei, ph.d. we think that the pcb industry has reached the bottom of the cycle in the second half of 2023, and that both the pcb of the deep south circuit and the blockboard operations have recovered. We expect that the operations of the deep south will also recover mildly this year.
Jang Won-sang's income grew 12.5% in 2024. But given the continuing decline in prices of pcb products and weak demand in the telecommunications market, downstream demand is not expected to recover fully in the first half of the year. At the same time, we fear that copper prices may rise further.
According to the main camp operations, the income from printed circuit boards and enveloped boards in 2023 was 8.1 billion yuan and 2.3 billion yuan yuan, respectively, representing an 8.5 per cent decline in the same year; pcba sales amounted to 2.1 billion yuan and, as a result, the crop rate rose to 80 per cent in the second half of the year. On the other hand, pcb was driven by automobile and energy operations.
The impact was partly offset by the continued weakness of the telecommunications and data centres. Although the Ia demand belt generated additional income, its contribution was relatively small. In 2023, the pcb and enveloped base-plate operations had Māori rates, and in 2023, the no-siligine second-stage plant continued to boost capacity and yield uphills; and in Guangzhou Phase I construction was carried out.
In the long run, deep-south circuits will be well organized in terms of new operations and new technologies, and will benefit the company’s future development. But, in the short term, the factory’s slopes may put some pressure on the company’s profitability (31% growth in R&D costs in 2023).
At the same time, we are concerned about the potential rise in copper prices. On the one hand, the cost of copper concentrate processing reached an all-time low in March (US$ 11 per ton). On the other hand, the Fed may be able to cut interest rates in June 2024, and these catalysts may drive copper prices up, thereby affecting the Maori rate of pcb suppliers.
Figure 1: Silver International Forecasts vs. Bloomberg Unanimously Forecasts Figure 2: Silver International Recent Projections vs. Previous Forecasts
Figure 1: The deep south circuit dynamic city surplus area