2023q4 performance ring improvement, fc-bga project progressed well deep south circuit (002916.sz) 17/0304
• The 2023q4 performance ring continues to improve, and the fc-bga project is well advanced, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of $13,526 million, or 3.33 per cent of the year 2023; the return to the mother net profit of $1,398 million, multiplied by the company's high-end pcb product, is expected to grow steadily and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
• In the area of communications, domestic market demand weakened in 2023 and the pace of offshore projects slowed down in 2023, but the share of overseas clients' orders remained stable as companies made progress in overseas project development and product imports.
Data centre area, year-on-year increase in 2023, mainly from the 2023h2eaglestream platform, with new clients and new products such as the ai acceleration card making a breakthrough. Automobile area, 2023, with orders growing by more than 50% over the same period, mainly from the release of pre-imported new customer targeted project needs, adas-related
High-end product demand, offshore Tier1 client development is progressing well. .bt board demand is gradually warming, fc-bga products and capacity are advancing well. Demand end: storage and radio frequency products benefit from customer development breakthroughs and 2023h2 stock customer demand repair, in parallel with
At the end of the product: fc-csp products in the msap and ets process. 2023q3 performance loops have improved significantly, the encapsulation capacity has reached industry leadership levels; rf products have been successfully imported into higher order products; fc-bga 14 floors and so on.
Quantified product capacity under the company update. Some clients have completed sample certification and are in the import phase of production line validation; 14 products above layer are in the sample certification stage.
" Short-term performance pressure in the first half of the year, the ic board gave the connection to production, which is currently going up the slopes; no-soil two-phase continuous push-up climbs, accelerating customer and product imports. " Long-term development dynamics -- company information update report.
"Stable, Business on the Envelope." "Pcb Recovering the Profit-Info Update."