Ideal Electric (002028.sz) Single Power Transfer, Overseas & Online Multipolar Driver
The company is the leader of a small industry with a full coverage of one or two types of equipment, with a continuous beyond-cycle alpha in the industry, with annual compound increases of 25 per cent and 21 per cent for the last 20 years and net profit returns, respectively, exceeding the increase in grid investment and comparable companies.
Recommended logic one: product matrix diversification continues to expand, and network basics are solid. 1) Product matrix expansion: for more than 30 years in the field of deep-farming electrical equipment, operations such as switches, circulatory, incompetence compensation, smart equipment, etc. continue to be arranged horizontally; gis, segregation, etc.
Disaggregated products such as shut-downs, breakers, sensors, relays, etc. continue to break higher voltage levels. 2) The network pattern is stable: there is a direct correlation between the construction of the main network and the addition of new power side engines, such as new energy sources.
The company’s share of multiple-point winnings in the network is ahead, and the shares of combined appliances, capacitors, transformers, relay protection, etc. are among the top three listed companies. The recommended logic two is that the global electricity grid is investing faster, and the long-term strategy abroad is being implemented gradually.
New energy installed growth, power side development, equipment ageing have been replaced by three major drivers of the global grid. Over 24 years, more than one leading company has been operating with expectations (e.g., Eton American Electric plate and Siemens Energy grid block growth up to 10-12% and 12%, respectively).
Exports such as 32-34%, transformers and high voltage switches continue to grow faster. After more than a decade, it is recommended that logic three: layout storage power and auto electronics add new dynamic energy to future growth. 1) The company established a subsidiary ' s high-capacity storage and distributed power source as early as 2011
In the area of storage energy product solutions, which cover all aspects of power generation, the web side, large businesses and households, it is expected that a breakthrough will be achieved with a wealth of customer resources.) In the area of automobiles, the carbon-crystal energy was completed in July of 23rd year (the first in the country to be supplied by a car).
70.4 per cent of the shares of the super-container enterprises have been acquired, working closely with a number of enterprises. Profit forecasting, valuation and rating. Company planning is clear, technology/management/cost control leads, equity incentives continue to inspire people.
Investment/Overseas outreach/new product diffusion is less than expected, raw materials are rising, competition is increasing
Over the course of the 30-year period, when the power plant became a home-grown company, the company grew from a single-good provider to a small company with a full-scale coverage of one or two plants. The company was established in 1993 and placed on the market in 2004 for more than 30 years in the field of deep-cultivation electrical equipment.
Private platform-type equipment taps, once equipment (openers, coils, incompetence), twice equipment (intelligent equipment) is laid out in a comprehensive manner and products are widely used in a wide range of industries such as electricity, new energy, metallurgy, railing, petrochemicals, coal, ports, and data centres. In 2009, the company established Shanghai Shirait Transmission and Distribution Engineering Company Ltd., operating overseas, e.c., covering Europe.
More than 100 countries and regions in the continent, South-East Asia, the Middle East, Africa, etc., have driven the sale of switches and coil products out of the sea. Products such as switches, coils, incompetence, smart equipment, etc. correspond to different subsidiaries, with a clear division of labour. 1 Switch products: mainly gas insulation metal sealing equipment gis (750kv et seq.), sf6 circuit breakers and
(a) Isolation switches (750/kv et seq.), etc., produced by subsidiaries such as Shanghai Thought Source high voltage switches, Jiangsu Pool Electric, Jiangsu Province, e.g., High voltage voltage switches, Jiangsuth Source voltage switches, etc.;
Devices (500kv et seq.), voltage sensors (1,000kv et al.), etc., are produced by such subsidiaries as the Tungse transformer, the Jiangsuth Hetz senser and the Shanghai Thought Photoelectric.3 Uncompensated products: mainly dynamic incompensation setsvg, capacitors (1,000kv et al.), whole
Flowrs, etc., are mainly the responsibility of subsidiaries such as the Shanghai Xin Energy Electric and Shanghai Xin Electric Capacitors: 4 smart equipment-type products: mainly products such as conversion station automation, distribution automation, etc., mainly the subsidiary Shanghai Xin Hiroshi Automated:
5 Overseas epc operations: mainly through the Shanghai Thought Source transmission and distribution project of the subsidiary; 6 storage energy systems: full product coverage on the side of power generation, on the side of the network, large businesses and households, mainly by such subsidiaries as Shanghai Thinking and Electrical Electronics:
7 Automobile e-business: through subsidiaries such as Shanghai Xiamei Automobile Technology, Carbon Fry, Electronic Technology, etc., the main production, sale and use of superconductor modules. Chart 2: Diversity of manufacturing entities covering a full range of products and a clear division of labour among subsidiaries
Solutions that can provide spare parts, mainly for automobile electronics, include the supply of key components for vehicle-borne operations; conglomerates, which mainly cover open high-pressure appliances, high-pressure combinations, high-pressure electrical spare parts); product matrices, which are constantly expanding horizontally and achieving higher voltage-level breakthroughs vertically; and) horizontal expansion (triggers): the company launched the arc-circle auto-reconciliation and land-lined set in 1996 and officially entered the market.
In 2007, the Shanghai Isolated Metal Closed Combination Electrical (gis) product was introduced: in 2008, the Thinking Energy Electric and the Distribution of Power Power High Power Electronics; in 2009, the Shanghai Illustrated Technology was established.
Automation of Swe into the field of relay protection and smart transformer; establishment of the Shanghai Think source storage technology project in 2011 in the area of large-capacity storage and distributed power source products: Shanghai Xiamei Autotech, Changju Thoughts in 2018; Toshiba transformer, in the area of motor electrons, transformers; control of carbon in 2023, full access to cars and storage
2) Longitudinal extension (voltage grade): 1gis product: continuous breakthrough since the 2007 layout, 220kv NSN bid qualification in 2012, 550kv validation in 2014, 500kv centralised bid breakthrough in 2016, 1 up to 750kv in 2023; 2 Isolation switch: 550kv Isolation National Net Chiefs in 2013
Sub-standard, 2015 voltage level up to 750kv; 3 breakers: In 2014, 550kv can breaker took a national order, in 2015, voltage level up to 750kv, in 2018, mid-marked 500kv direct current circuit breaker demonstration project: 4 cross-sensors: in 2017, voltage level passed to 1000kv:5 electrical resisters: 2021
The voltage level passed 220kv and reached 500kv in 2023; 6 transformers: 220kv and the following transformers were added in 2018 and the voltage level was raised to 500kv in 2022; 7 transformer relay protection and monitoring systems: 110kv and 220kv transformer monitoring products were captured in 2013 by the national network pool and the winning bid, 110kv relay protections.
In 2021, the voltage level was raised to 500kv. Chart 3: The scale of the company's product matrix has been expanded over the course of 30 years, with a simultaneous two-time break-out in higher voltage levels. For nearly 20 years, the annual compound increase in corporate collections and net profit returns has been 25% and 21%, respectively.
Corporate income & performance growth has been robust since 2019. In the first quarter of 2024, companies achieved operating income of $2.66 billion, an increase of 22.4 per cent, a net return to mothers of $360 million, an increase of 66.3 per cent, a net return to mothers of $6.17 billion, an increase of 16.3 per cent and a return to mothers of $890 million, an increase of 26.6 per cent.
Part of the year of retrieval is due to the change in net profit from the mother: companies grew by 174 per cent in 2009 compared to the year, mainly as a result of flat sales of electrical shares; investment returns were realized: the fall in 2011 was mainly due to historical lows in the winning price of mainstream products; and high prices of raw materials were affected by the operation of companies: Gis 2012, conversion plant automation and relay protection systems, electrical electronic sets
The rapid release of products such as equipment, with a significant increase in the Māori rate, led to corporate profit recovery; increased market competition, lower overall bid prices and higher raw materials prices led to a fall in corporate profits in 2015-2017; and a rapid increase in corporate net profits in 2019, benefiting from a fall in raw materials prices and falling costs over time.
Figure 4: The growth of the company’s product and business sectors supports robust growth (millions of yuan) and companies have consistently out-of-cycle alpha in the electricity and equipment industry. Compared to the growth of companies and grid investments, the focus on power transmission has been on China’s development over the past 20 years, it can be seen that the overall rate of growth in electricity grid investment has been maintained at 5-10%, and the income growth of the transmission and transmission companies has been mainly high.
The key to the company’s sustained growth is the expansion of goods – the increase in share – and the expansion of the market sector. By branch, the company’s income gains are mainly generated by switch and coil products.
In addition, the coil and switch ratio is expected to increase further as the company releases its production capacity and foreign demand continues to rise. Substitution products, mainly for relay protection and transmission station monitoring systems, are highly linked to intra-network bidding; the main aspects of the total engineering package operations are
The company’s combined Māori rate is largely influenced by changes in product structure, and net interest rates are more stable due to good time-rate control. See, Māori rates for company switches, coils, and smart equipment products are relatively high, with roughly over 30%; they do not help.
The rate of Māori in compensation/engineering packages was relatively low, ranging from 10 to 20 per cent. The company introduced a new equity incentive scheme in the year to increase options costs, while companies continued to strengthen R&D inputs and start new products Chart 8: Good cost controls over the period and relatively stable net interest rates
Corporate operating cash flows, which have remained relatively high over the years, have remained positive for the vast majority of years and have contributed to the company's ability to continue to expand its operations in the future and to maintain a stable dividends; in 2023, the corporate asset-liability rate was 43 per cent, maintaining a stable profitability and a more efficient use of capital over the last 10 years.
1.2 Investing in power grids accelerates the catch-up on side of the power supply, the company’s network’s basic transmission chain is secure, and construction on the side of the main grid is directly related to the size of the additional power side installed, and the current investment in the grid is accelerating the catch-up on the power supply. We have selected two indicators: “A new 220kv and above line length” and “A new 220kv and above power conversion capacity”
In recent years, power generation, including new energy sources, has been the most direct driver of electricity investment. Until 2018, the country’s investment in power grids as a whole showed the same trend.
Source economics is gaining market popularity, and power investment has grown rapidly since the bottom of 2018. Anti-grid investment has shown a downward trend since 2016, with investment in the completion of grid construction in 2019-2022 being almost $500 billion, and construction lagging behind.
The project cycle is about two years; the investment on the side of the grid is largely driven by the plan, and the construction of the project will have to be planned by the National Energy Agency, the National Network Headquarters, and local companies in order to start the process of budgeting, design, construction, etc. The project cycle averages three to five years.
During the month, investment in the grid grew by 23.7% compared to the previous year, and investment in the grid accelerated. The current wind and light base project has a large drop in outages, with super-high pressure construction at its third peak, with at least five direct-flow lines starting in 24 years, at their highest level in history, and with high levels of investment expected to be maintained during the 155 period. We believe that increased grid construction is the key to power supply and new energy consumption.
In the inner market, companies lead one or two of the multi-phased pieces of equipment. The nine major products of the company’s bidding for grid transmission and transformation equipment are: a combination of electrical appliances, 2 capacitors, 3 sensors, 4 relay protection and transmission station monitoring systems, 5 isolation switches,
In 2023, in a bid for electricity transmission equipment on the national grid, the four products were sequestered (4.7%) and the share in the total ranking among listed companies. According to the first three bids for the National grid transfer project in 2024, the switch products were combined electrical/segregated.
The market share of switches/breakers was 11.0 per cent/15.3 per cent and 20.8 per cent, respectively, with the third/first/second largest market share as compared to 2023.
16.6 per cent/7.4 per cent/21.6 per cent/4.5 per cent, of which the markets for sensors, electrical resistors, radiators have been maintained and transformers have risen to five. In addition, the market share of corporate incompetence-type capacitors has risen to about 14.2 per cent, and it has remained in the top of the market, followed by 5.8 per cent of the market share of protected and transformer-controlled products.
The market is expected to maintain a leading position in the industry, benefiting fully from the accelerated investment in the grid and the high demand for transmission-converted equipment.
2.1 New energy sources, power growth, the ageing of circuits, and so on, are driven by strong demand in Europe and America, Asia and Africa, and we believe that the three main drivers of global electricity network investment are: 1) the demand for the expansion of support facilities as a result of the upgrading of new energy loads; 2) responding to the growing demand for power sideways for diversified development; 3) the replacement of stock ageing lines.
Regionally, there are long-term drivers in demand for electricity equipment in the United States, Europe and elsewhere. 1) US demand comes from: replacement of ageing equipment: more than 1 million distribution transformers are currently sold in the United States each year, with one third of the transformer requirements being used to increase grid capacity, two thirds of the transformer requirements being used to replace old transformers in the grid;2
Increasing demand for electricity: Re-industrialization in the United States, leading to demand for industrial and infrastructure-related electricity equipment, and continued growth of the tram: data, demand release: 3 energy structure shifts: capacity upgrades, including associated wind storage 23 years later 2) demand in Europe comes from: 1 high percentage of access to new energy sources: new energy in Europe is more developed than in other parts of the world overseas
Further ahead: 2 proposes an EU electricity network investment plan of Euro584 billion by 2030, which will focus on grid side, digitalization and system network security through upgrading. 3) Other regional needs, such as Asia and Africa, are derived from: 1 wind and light storage project; 2 industrial development of electrical equipment with accelerated industrialization.
Figure 17: Global grid investment logic - New energy consumption, side demand, stock line ageing drivers
The new 64gw cross-border transmission capacity network by 2030 and the faster rate of re-industrialization-related growth (Eton’s guidelines) were more than anticipated by the performance/orders/receipt guidelines of more than one of the leading international electricity equipment companies in 2024.
1) Eton: Quarterly orders are at an all-time high, re-industrialization & data centre & downstream utility industries are growing at the fastest rate, and revenue & turnover guidelines are being improved. 1 Company quarterly reports generated $269 billion, or 17 per cent, of electrical plates (Americans), accumulated in hand orders.
Compared to +31 per cent: 2 companies judged data centres, utilities (grids) and downstream re-industrialization to be the fastest growing industry: 324 years: overall annual turnover guidelines were revised up to 22.8-23.2 per cent, electrical plate (American) turnover increased up to 27.8-28.2 per cent)
The three main lines of activity of the company are: green energy and transport (gem) — which includes solar energy (formerly the abb power grid), digital systems and services (dss), and industrial connectivity (ci), of which the gem block has experienced the fastest growth in 23 fiscal years. trillion yen, or +24 per cent; and Japanese energy in the gem (grid operations), which generated 1.85 trillion yen, or +31 per cent.
In addition, the North American region in Gem experienced the fastest growth rate, with growth of +45 per cent over the same year, exceeding other regions, such as Europe and Asia and the Pacific.3 The high increase in energy revenues in Japan is mainly due to large orders transformation and productivity gains, with aggregate orders in hand for 23 years reaching 4.7 trillion yen, a 73 per cent increase over the same period.
♪ Fly 2024forecasts yoy yoy yoy ♪
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I don't know, adj. ebita billionsofyen
♪ Greenergy and mobility ♪ ♪ Nucleonery ♪ ♪ Hitachi powerers ♪
nucleonergy hitachipower solutions
Hetachienergy (standalone) relaidcost
(exluderelatedcost) (1) relaidcost
(fy2024foreastsoutline 3) Siemens energy: the company’s grid operations are growing at the fastest rate in the year, with a large increase in the company’s revenue guidelines for grid operations. In the company’s performance for the second quarter of the 24th fiscal year, the grid operations were growing at the fastest rate in four major operations, with new orders increasing at the same rate.
+28. Profit + 119%. The main factor in the increase in orders is a significant increase in products and solutions, and a relatively rapid increase in exports of products such as the second-signed Italian transformers and isolation switches in 2024. We estimate the value of domestic exports of electricity equipment in 23 years, which is about $700 billion or more, and we have selected 13 of the priority items of electricity equipment, covering electrical wires, electrical cabinets, transformations, etc.
Pressurers, capacitors, sensors, auto-breakers, relays, circuit wires, meters, insulations, sequesters, transformers, transformers, meters, three types of products increased faster, with 33 per cent, 19 per cent, 17 per cent, respectively, for 23 years, and isolation switches and transformers grew faster, at 40 per cent and 23 per cent, respectively, in January-June of 24 years.
Six months of exports exceeded $29 billion, an increase of about 5 per cent over the same year. 2.2 The company's long-term strategy abroad has been phased in, with orders and a significant increase in the Māori ratio.
The sale of equipment, the promotion of a breakthrough in the single-organic product market, and the diversification of customers abroad, now account for a larger share of the company’s overseas market, including transformers, switches, sensors, etc. Through more than a decade of expansion, the company entered into an order of $4.01 billion, representing an increase of 34.1% in the Māori rate, the Māori ratio of the company’s overseas operations has been shown since 2019.
Upward trends, influenced by increases in overseas electricity equipment, lower prices of raw materials and freight, exchange rate fluctuations in 2023, have led to a rapid increase of 13 to 38.6% in the company’s overseas operations and a gradual realization of its long-term strategy abroad. The company’s overseas operations now cover more than 100 countries and territories.
For example, South Africa, Egypt, etc.) America region: South and Central America, e.g. Mexico, Chile, Brazil, etc. 3) Europe Middle East region: Britain, Italy, Greece, Turkey, etc. 4) Russian-speaking region: Central Asia, et al. 5) Asia-Pacific region: South-East Asia countries, e.g. Singapore, Malaysia, etc.
The ability of large-scale statcom (geostationary-synchronous) solutions to complete solutions. We believe that, against the background of the global power grid investment boom, the export penetration rate of domestic firms’ electricity equipment products is still low, and that the company’s overseas operations are expected to grow rapidly over the years with a richer product layout and wider market coverage.
3. Logical III: Cross-cutting - layout and auto-electronics, adding to future growth new dynamic energy, 3.1 corporate energy storage products are well organized, downstream clients are rich, and the global storage industry is promising against a backdrop of growing demand for clean electricity and rapidly decreasing costs of battery energy storage systems.
Current rapid growth. According to Woodmackenzie data, in 2023, 45gw/100gwh was added to the global storage capacity. On the market side, with the rapid growth of photovoltaics, storage deployment is expected to be a global leader, with 42gw/120gwh expected to be added annually on average over the next 10 years.
As early as 2011, the company set up a storage and engineering company, with large-capacity storage and distributed power sources. In 2023, the company released a site-level storage system (wind/liquid) into site-level storage.
For the client side, the company is a hub for primary transmission, downstream power grids, power generation companies, business enterprises, and customers are well-resourced.
Rich, able to better understand customer needs and respond quickly to market changes. We expect that, in a global environment of high-speed growth in energy-loading machines, as companies grow in terms of product and technology, companies are expected to acquire a fast 3.2-percent supply of carbon from rich customer resources.
Super-container is a new type of physical storage device with excellent rapid (second-level) discharge capacity, up to a million discharge cycles, excellent low-temperature performance, with annual sales of $1.028 billion in the global super-conducer market, expected to reach $1,527 million in 2030, capr.
In the area of automobiles, it is the country’s first super-container to be supplied by a car. In 2018, the company established the Shanghai Car Technology Company Ltd., which entered the car electronics sector. At the end of 2023, the company completed the acquisition of 70.42% of the car carbon, which is a layout super-container area. It is now primarily a car-level provider (tier1).
In the field of storage energy, it is involved in a number of storage demonstration projects and foreign access to commercialization projects. Large-scale access to new energy sources poses a major challenge to the stability of grid voltage and frequency, requiring the allocation of a certain percentage of storage capacity to upgrade new energy.
Stability and reliability of the power system. Super-voltage applications such as edlc and cogeneration super-voltage (huc) cover the "second-minute" application, edlc solves the problems of turning inertia and single-frequency, and Huc solves the problem of second-frequency.
A 50mw power level commercialization project for an international company in the continent. Chart 32: The ability of the carbon to produce and sell several demonstration and commercialization projects in the field of storage energy is expected to grow rapidly from 2024.
Co-operatively, multiple vehicle projects have been jointly secured for fixation and bulk delivery, while significant breakthroughs have been made in the area of FM storage power, and further synergies are expected in the future. In the context of automobile “new quadrupling” and large-scale access to new energy sources, it is expected that carbon dioxide revenues will grow rapidly.
4. Core competitive edge of a company - Target planning, technological leadership, management and cost control, equity incentives 1 Clear goal: clear corporate development planning and high collection and order target completion. Corporate adherence to core development philosophy
For “exceeding the front”, focusing on sustained investment in human capital, market management, product research and development, quality management, and the construction of a lean supply chain, from a single supplier at the time of its establishment to a supplier offering a variety of products and solutions. For example, 23 years of companies adapting their procurement strategies in a timely manner in the face of market changes, increasing the stock of materials secure to secure supply chain production
Delivery: The product delivery plan drives the implementation of activities at all stages to achieve synergy in forecasting and delivery; based on the annual business plan and target achievement, the firm ' s objectives are reasonably set and well achieved, with close to five years of collection and booking using tools such as balanced scorecards, strategic management, performance management, medium- and long-term strategic planning and fragmentation
The operational and executive performance goals of the business units have established a commitment mechanism for personal performance covering all managers and key staff, as well as a commitment mechanism for team performance across functional lines, which is closely linked to staff bonus allocations, career development, etc., and are two technical leaders: many are advanced domestically and internationally, and research and development inputs are industry leaders.
Core technologies with advanced or advanced levels of technology, both internal and external, give companies high-quality, technologically advanced, low-cost and high-quality products compared to similar products in the country. Companies are also increasing forward-looking technological inputs, such as flexible direct transmissions, new energy sources, storage, material networking, automobile electronics, etc., while also providing process and organizational security for the rapid roll-out of technologically advanced, high-quality, low-cost products.
+1.opct, a significant leader, with a further increase in R & D rates to 8.0% in the first quarter of 2024.
Figure 36: Corporate R & D investment is at the forefront of the industry. The company was founded with professional background, high-level industry experience, and team stability for more than 30 years. In 1993, Tung Jinping, Chen Bang-dong, Li Xia funded, invested in companies, and three founders were professionals in electricity system automation.
Background. At present, Mr. Tse Ping and Mr. Chen Bong, Chairman and Vice-President of the Corporation, together hold 29.43% of the shares. 1) Mr. Tse Ping, Chairman and General Manager: Graduated from Shanghai Transport University in high voltage electricity and one of the company ' s founders. 2) Mr. Chen Bong, Deputy Chairman: Graduated from China Technology University in high voltage electricity, one of the company ' s founders.
3) Mr. Yoon Qiufuan, Chief Engineer, Company: Graduated from Shanghai Transport University in the field of electrical systems and their automation, formerly served as Deputy Chief Engineer and Director of the Central Institute of Research, and on 15 July 24, 24, as Chief Engineer of the Company.3 Management and cost control: excellent cost management capacity helped companies to lead their profit-making efforts.
Given that downstream power grid companies purchase equipment through centralized bidding, the price differentials between products are relatively small. We believe that corporate profitability leads by company is derived, on the one hand, from the company’s continued investment in product technology and, on the other, from the public.
The firm continuously optimizes key processes such as “from clues to cash”, “Integration Project Delivery”, “Integrator Supply Chain” and “Intellectual Supply Chain”, continuously optimizes the various components of its operations and progressively progresses towards the standardization, processization, streamlining, automation, etc. of the entire process.
Informationization, continuous improvement of management efficiency and cost advantage. National Electric South is Māori for grid automation products; quadripartite shares 2016-2018 are Māori for relay protection and conversion power stations, 2019-2022 for transmission power protection and automated systems, and 2023 for grids
Since 2013, the company has successfully implemented two phases of the equity incentive scheme, which includes company directors, senior managers, core managers, core technical (operational) staff and actually awarded to the Unit.
The Division, as a minority of private companies with electricity grid qualifications, has been more flexible and sustained than the grid company incentives of the Chinese business background, and since 2018 there has been an increase in per capita income/profit generation among company sales workers, and a new round of equity incentives is expected to be expected.
Continuous motivation of employees. 5, Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations (1) Switch Classes: Mainly Combining Electric Gis (750kv et seq.), sf6 Breakers and Separators (750kv)
Markets such as the Middle East continue to expand: national grid transmission projects and ultra-high voltage project delivery increases (more on gis);
(2) Wire circles: mainly transformers (500kv et seq.), electroresistors (500kv et seq.), current senses (500kv et al.), voltage sensors (1,000kv et al.), etc., for the national grid, the southern power grid, the out-of-grid (new energy & industry, etc.) and customers abroad.
The income from transformer products in the coil business is expected to increase rapidly after 24 years: at the end of the industry, 23 years of new energy sources have created a demand for large-scale upscaling transformer power plant construction, but from 22 years on, the electricity transformer supply chain has shrunk as a result of rising prices of silicon steel, transformers, oil, copper, etc., and fluctuations in international freight costs, resulting in global electricity transformer supply and demand for 23 years.
There is a large gap, an extended delivery cycle, and an increase in the unit price of the product. Given the extended life cycle of the power transformer industry, we believe that the industry’s supply-demand tight balance is expected to last for several years; at the end of the company, 24 years later, the transformer base capacity is expected to be released gradually.
(3) Incompensation for incompetence: these include, inter alia, dynamic incompetence compensation packages svg, capacitors (1,000 kv et seq.), currenters, etc., mainly for customers both inside and outside the domestic network. Given the acceleration of the construction of the main network and the need for additional energy, as well as the expansion of new products such as the geostationary scs, the network svg and so on, we expect 2024 - 2026
(4) Smart equipment categories: these include, inter alia, conversion plant automation (relay protection and transmission station monitoring), distribution automation, online monitoring, etc.
Land construction, installation calibration, etc., has a wide scope of management, and the project cycle often takes one to three years. As we move overseas, we value companies using the municipal rate method, selecting comparable companies with similar business models and in the same power transmission industry: Xu Xiang Jianxi Electric, China Western Electric, Ping Gao Electric, and China Chinese Equipment 24-year average perpe, taking into account the public sector.
The Division fully benefits from the accelerated construction of electricity grid investments as a first-time power transmission and transformation for private companies, leading overseas deployments, long-term strategies, gradual delivery, storage capacity and auto electronics are expected to contribute to new dynamic performance growth, while firm development goals are well planned, technology is leading within the industry, management and cost controls are good, and equity incentives continue to motivate employees, and we give companies a sense of motivation.
For the first time, a “buy-in” rating is covered. Investing in the grid does not meet the expected risk: a large part of the demand for electricity equipment comes from electricity grid investment, which will affect the entire power supply sector if it is under-intended by national macroeconomic policies, industrial development and infrastructure, among other factors.
Overseas expansion is not as risky as expected: because of factors such as the policy environment, humanities, language environment in the home country of overseas companies, overseas companies are exposed to risks such as taxation, labour, assets, etc., which may affect their normal overseas development.
New operations/products promote uncertainty risk: corporate cross-cutting layouts, automobiles, etc., new business roll-out, new product development, etc. There are uncertainties that may not result in longer-term company performance if new operations are followed up and new products are not as anticipated.
Materials, clusters, etc., where the price of raw materials increases, they directly lead to higher production costs, thus affecting the risk of increased competition in the public sector: after many years of development of electrical equipment products, technology and markets are relatively mature, and there is a risk of increased competition in the industry if other new producers enter, affecting market occupancy and Māori rates of corporate products.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market