Internal sales continue to outpace expectations, and external sales rise to a low base.
67%. According to mirror data, the 618 Skycat platform was sold at $200 million (as of June 3), accounting for more than 180% of transactions during the same period last year. Internal sales continued to exceed expectations, and within q2 sales were expected to increase. The company’s domestic market was launched last August.
\triangleright clean-up g+10 fast-discharged, with sales in q1 in 2022 increasing at an equal rate of nearly 150%, with online listings under pressure, with sales in stone technology still in reverse at +45%/+67%.
Stone performance is still over-expected, with the official war report that, as of 31 May, 2.230, the total channel sales were over $200 million, exceeding last year's 618 full-cycle sales. According to the Mirror, the Stone Technology 618 was sold at $200 million on the Sky Cat Platform alone.
At $180 million, this year's 618 year, under the lower base, the rock is expected to increase several times, so that research assistant: the q2 sales drive will continue to grow at a very high rate.
Outgrowers have a low base, and the rapid expansion of q2 new outlets is expected to lead to a gradual \triangleright improvement in corporate outsourcing. Exterior sales have been affected by the high base and the conflict in Russia and Ukraine over the same period last year, and companies have achieved a single number in the first quarter of the year.
Growth. With the release of q2 of new overseas products and the consolidation of maritime pressure over the same period, it is expected that sales will gradually change.
Quarterly reports in 2022 point to the potential for rapid revenue growth and sustained expansion of the share of the field. The power of national production sweeps, the supply chain, and the speed of iterative innovation are stronger than overseas and have a global competitive advantage.
Rocks and Technology (688169) Deep Report: The rise of national brands and the rise of land sweepers and windstorms, the share of the country abroad is expected to continue to rise as the country's product tags are further developed in its overseas market channels.
Stone Technology (688169) 2021 Quarterly Review: Income ups and downs, see \triangleright
Good new energy and a second-growth curve, stone technology (688169) 2021, considering the high penetration rate in the land sweep industry, national production poles have a global competitive advantage and are expected to increase.
Mid-year performance rating: high levels of research and development to expand technology to fully benefit from the dividends of rapid industrial growth. Maintain the “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.