A review report from Stone Technology (688169) on 27 June 2022 proposed the construction of its own manufacturing centre, the construction of high-tech barriers, and a drop in costs.
— Stone technology announcement evaluation: the company intends to use over-funds of $460 million for self-financing of manufacturing centre projects, and the company issued an announcement on 27 June to use over-funds of the RMB 459.78 million replenishment.
The construction cycle is planned to be 23 months. The project will be leased, with the total area expected to be leased.
Market value in circulation (million yuan): 5.12 million square metres, of which 4.22 million square metres are produced and have a seven-year lease period.
Since its establishment, the company has been producing by commissioning, without building its own production base. The new centre for the creation of an intelligent system can transform the company's production chain into a combination of commissioning and autonomous production, integrating “research” and enhancing synergies between the “research” and “research” links.
The new driver table, where the smart floor sweeper product of the main battalion is integrated into wind-optic power generation technology, will significantly enhance the flexibility of product development in self-building manufacturing, enabling the product to be varied and expanded.
As corporate channels evolve, corporate products are shaped around European distributors, domestic power suppliers’ platforms, and the United States Amazon. The self-manufacturing approach allows firms to move flexibly to produce according to regional market demands, to respond quickly to changes in regional orders, and to help companies change their tariff policy windows.
In terms of costs, companies report: rapid growth in income and improvement in profit quality.
The conversion of some of the raw materials purchased on behalf of the plant to self-procurement, saving the cost of surrogate mining while reducing the cost of processing production rings and increasing profit margins.
The product cycle is expected to pick up revenue; the global distribution network at the end of the channel is gradually improving, with deep-deeping white markets; marketing inputs for increased assistive branding; and the building of high-tech barriers to self-building production bases, reducing efficiency gains and maintaining “buy-in” investment ratings.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association, is diligent, professional, independent and objective in presenting this report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.