Self-constructed manufacturing centres, multi-dimensional increase in competitive advantage 28 June 2022: companies plan to build their own manufacturing centres with over-mobilized funds
\triangleright announced on June 27 that it plans to invest in the Self-Building Manufacturing Centre project with over-mobilized $460 million of fully-funded stone from the State of Hue. The project is planned for 23 months.
In the early stages of the company's development, the focus was on technology development and branding, using a light asset model, and all products were manufactured by commissioning, with no self-built production base. We believe that the company's own manufacturing centres will enhance the company's competitive edge in multiple dimensions by:
(1) Expanding intelligent manufacturing capabilities and building high corporate barriers to competition. By developing a single product, the value chain is integrated and strategically coordinated between s010522020001 sections, thus creating high corporate barriers to competition.
Self-built manufacturing centres help to increase flexibility in the design and development of new products, and enable companies to innovate efficiently. Self-built capacity will become a company-incubating innovation product and a real research assistant.
Industrialization boosters, companies are expected to move at a further pace. (3) Increased delivery capacity and rapid response capacity. Companies achieved operating revenues of $5,837 million in 2021, with products spread across more than 40 countries and regions around the world.
Autonomy, flexible production, increased stability and control of the supply chain, further enhanced delivery capacity and responsiveness
(4) Increase cost advantages and reduce efficiency gains. During the procurement process, the company ' s conversion to self-procurement of raw materials from 2, stone technology (688169.sh) and part of the raw materials that were originally purchased at the sub-plants in 2021 could result in efficient savings in surrogate costs, supply and price controls, and increased costs.
Quarterly report 2022 provides an assessment of rapid income growth, control capacity, and increased profit margins. In the production chain, it enhances production chain control, reduces processing costs, stabilizes product quality, and improves production efficiency.
Rocks and technology (688169) depth report: National production, land sweeper lanes are growing globally, and rocks have the potential to expand in a sustained way.
Technology brands have risen, and irobot has announced that, in 2021, all major countries (the United States, Germany, Japan, etc.) have been less than 15% of the world’s total land sweeper robotic penetration, and that the major countries are expected to grow at a combined rate of more than 20% over the next five years.
Product power, supply chain, iterative innovation, etc. are stronger than overseas leaders and have a global competitive advantage. The rise in the share of national producers in global markets, represented by stone, technology, and Coves, has increased from 1% in 2017, 11% in 2020, to 9% in 2020, and 17% in the domestic market.
The fast-discharge rate after Pyg10, based on Ovi cloud data, rose from 10 per cent in August last year to 26 per cent in May of this year.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.