q1 profits improved beyond expectations, new products and overseas openings proved to be effective Rocks and Technology (688169.sh) achieved annual operating income of $5,837 million, +28.84 per cent; net return to the mother of $1,402 million
Overseas channels are growing at a high rate, and new products contribute to a significant increase in the domestic share. We calculate that in 21 years, the q4 q4 Division achieved operating income of 2,010 million yuan, or +29.62 per cent; and net return to the mother was 386 million.
Hand-held cleaning appliances and accessories received $232 million, or +102.43 per cent. The market size of the land sweep industry increased by +21.7 per cent in 21 years, with a significant increase in the market share of stone brands, with sales on the domestic line reaching around 19 per cent, compared to +8.4 pct in 22 years q1.
By region, 2,473 million yuan, compared to 7.1%, and 3,364 million yuan, corresponding to +80.05%, are generated from offshore operations, which are growing at a high rate and are closely linked to the company’s well-developed product matrix, markets and channels abroad.
1) The sharp rise in raw material prices was concentrated in the second half of the year, and 2) the ratio of transportation costs to accounting for a higher proportion of out-of-pocket receipts. In terms of cost rates, the q4 sales cost has increased significantly and is sold throughout the year \triangleright
This is mainly due to an increase in raw materials and high unit upkeep supplies. (2) In terms of liquidity, 21 years of the Division ' s inventory turnover days were equal to +2.73 days, receivables were equal to ~5.24 days, and receivables were due to the Sinda Securities Company Ltd.
The turnover rate has increased significantly. 3) The net operating cash flow of the company in 21 years was 1,519 million yuan, compared to the cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
Introduction of a new equity incentive scheme, with emphasis on R & D and overseas market expansion. The company has launched a new \triangleright equity incentive scheme, with no more than 24.8 million shares to be awarded to no more than 479 company cadres.
Incentives help mobilize R & D motivation and creativity. They also show that companies value a much higher R & D strength, and that product performance and quality are expected to improve further. On the overseas side, companies are actively improving.
A matrix of overseas products, listed as s7maxvoltra, among many new products, will help to further enhance brand influence and boost market opening. With 22 years of improved maritime transport, corporate outsourcing is expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
Prospective profit: Scrubbing robots now have low global holdings and long-term scope for upgrading. Companies are actively changing marketing strategies to increase their share of the market and resist competition and risk, both within and outside the country, while sustaining dynamic product R & D and overseas market openings.
Risk factors: the price of raw materials continues to rise, the risk of a global epidemic increases, the supply of chips is scarce, competition in the \triangleright industry continues to grow, new products are not developed as expected, overseas channels are not developed as expected, etc.
He worked in the tp-link hardware development department for the development of commercial communications equipment.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.