Stones and Technology (688169.sh) 2021 and first quarter 2022 reported a rapid increase in revenue, slightly exceeding expectations Events: Stone and Technology Disclosures 2021 annual report and 1 2022 quarterly report.
\triangleright Revenues continue to grow rapidly, and the share of new goods-led domestic sales has increased markedly. \triangleright’s revenue growth in 2021
Clean products g1 have continued to grow at a high rate of 70% + for domestic ownership. By category, companies have generated $5.6 billion, 27%, for 21 years, for hand-held products, $230 million, for new overseas products and reduced pressure from shipping, keeping in mind that the growth in corporate sales has improved on a seasonal basis.
Rocks and Technology (688169) Deep Report: National Product, Technology Brands rise, Land Cruisers rise, Māori continues to be under pressure, and the net interest rate ring has improved significantly.
Stone Technology (688169) 2021 Quarterly Review: Income ups and ups and downs, looking at the new energy and the second growth curve.
Cost increases, product structure, and exchange rate fluctuations. In terms of cost rates, as companies are currently in the process of expanding their Internet access to stone technology (688169) 2021 overseas, marketing inputs have increased and sales costs have increased over the year + 2.39 pt; and R&D continues to invest more.
Mid-year performance rating: high R & D expansion technology M & A ratio of 2.15 to 49.49% at cost pressure, ring ratio + 2.75 pct. Sales costs are equal, second-growth curves are gradually emerging.
\triangleright, given the scope for greater penetration in the land sweep industry, national production poles have a global competitive advantage in terms of product power, supply chain, iterative innovation speed, and as marketing is scaled up and channels are expanded, it's fair to look at the public.
The Division continuously increases its share of global markets to fully enjoy the dividends of rapid industrial growth. Maintains a “recommended” rating. \triangleright's methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is accountable for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.