Investing in self-contained manufacturing centres, looking for self-controllable capacity enhancement.
On 27 June, the company issued a circular stating that, based on business development needs, the company intended to build a new fund-raising investment project, the Self-Building Manufacturing Heart Project, using 45.97853 million yuan yuan in excess of the capital of the Replenishment Company's fully-owned stone company, Huaizhou. The project will be leased. To date, the company has completed the signing of an intended agreement, and the lease will be leased.
7-year period. According to company estimates, the project construction period is expected to be 23 months, and the project construction is expected to lead to a further reduction in efficiency gains, quality assurance, and upgrading of the company’s technical barriers and core competitiveness. We contribute to the reduction of efficiency gains, quality assurance, and self-building models that deepen corporate barriers to competition.
Since its inception, the company's products have been manufactured by commissioning, with no self-built production base. We believe that by building their own manufacturing centres, the company's competitiveness will be enhanced in a multidimensional manner. (1) Smart manufacturing capacity will be expanded, with high corporate barriers to competition built.
Corporate barriers to competition. (2) Create strong support for corporate technological innovation. Along with the increased functionality and complexity of ground sweepers, the importance of the assembly chain in the manufacturing phase is increasing, and self-building can lead to a high degree of self-production, which can enhance flexibility in the design and development of new products. (3) Increased delivery capacity and rapid response capacity.
Taking into account that in 2021 the company was affected by a supply chain shortage, self-building capacity will result in a more stable supply of the company ' s products, enhanced order-taking capacity and improved product delivery capacity. (4) Further enhancement of cost and quality advantages. Purchasing chain companies will convert some of the raw materials that were originally purchased by surrogate plants into self-procurement,
Substitution costs can be effectively saved, while production links can enhance controllability and stabilize product quality. The NIR 2022q1 net interest rate for space rental model adds up to training experience, and the self-built manufacturing centre project is expected to land quickly
The project is expected to reach production in 2023, taking into account only the need to purchase equipment and recruit workers under the space rental model.
There is little difference between the build-up-energy model and the commissioning-processing-type Māori ratio, while looking at the company’s ability to control it. Sales are over-expected, net interest rates continue to improve over time.
Prominent advantage, high internal and external growth sustainability -