The Center for Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Studies sails off and inside sales continue to exceed expectations 21 years: at the end of revenue: 3,364 million yuan in 21 years, an increase of about 80 per cent over the same period; domestic market
Revenues of 2,473 million yuan, or 42.37%. The share of the market for stone-scavenging machine has increased significantly since the market of g10, and the revenue from sales in 21q4 is projected to be supermarket.
44.7 per cent (-6.7 pct), mainly as a result of the price impact of raw materials and changes in accounting policies (transport costs adjusted to operating costs); and sales cost + 5.0 pct, mainly due to increased overseas marketing inputs during the season, and national high end 221 quarterly reports: excellent revenue-end business performance, with a continuously rising share of domestic sales.
Dollars, equal to +22.30 per cent, domestic market: sales of cleaning electric stone on the 22q1 line of the Ovi cloud network increased by 88 per cent over the same period, with 18.9 per cent (+8.4 pct) of sales of stone on the market for land sweepers and 72 per cent of sales on the same basis; offshore markets: projected small revenue gains.
On the lubricant side, the q1 net return interest rate of 25.2% (-3.1 pct), mainly due to increased marketing and brand promotion, has led to higher sales costs and to continued pressure on the raw materials environment. There is still ample room for development in the global market for ground sweeps, with companies focusing on products and technological innovations and insisting on upgrading.
In recent years, it has been expected to lead the industry’s development by increasing brand volume through a continuous build-up of the marketing layout. Herbing’s penetration rate has not risen as expected; R & D is new and products are not performing as expected; and overseas markets are not expanding as fast as they can.
During the period, the strain on maritime transport affected the company ' s overseas sales; the risk of exchange rate fluctuations; the risk of a lifting of the stock ban; and the risk of a change in stock prices caused by the loss of equity holdings.
Revenues amounted to $5,837 million, or +28.84 per cent, and net profit returns to mothers amounted to $1,402 million, or +24.1 per cent, and net profits to mothers after deductions amounted to $1,190 million, or -1.47 per cent. On a single quarter, 21q4 realized operating income as compared to +87.6 per cent and net profits to mothers after deductions amounted to $301 million, or +7.06 per cent.
Overseas markets: 3,364 million yuan (57.63 per cent) of overseas market revenues in 2021; domestic markets: g10 new products performed excellently and the share of the online market rose significantly. Domestic markets received 2,473 million yuan (42.37 per cent) in 2021.
Landwasher u10, of which g10 is recognized by the consumer by virtue of its own cleaning and auto-upping of rags, promotes a significant increase in the market share of stone-scanning machines on the inner line. Ovie Clouds Network: 17.4% of market sales on 21q4 floor-scanning machines have been matched by sales of stone brands (year-on-year +6.3 pct), corresponding to +106%.
Competition has increased the impact of a marked increase in marketing inputs and the addition of the domestic cost of selling new and high-end items. In combination, 21q4 companies have a parent net interest rate of 19.2%, compared to 11.1 pct. Matching the pick-up speed, the company ' s cash flow is good.
At the end of the 21-year period, the company's inventory was maintained at $60 million: it performed well and its share of domestic sales continued to rise. 22q1 company earned $1.360 billion, compared to +22.30 per cent. The domestic market: 22q1 company continues to grow in its leading position in the market for land sweepers.
The sales of cleaning electric stones on the 22q1 line of Ovion network increased by 88 per cent on the same date, with the share of sales of the market stone branding on the line increasing by 18.9 per cent (+8.4 pct), corresponding to a 72 per cent increase in sales on the same date, showing a marked improvement over the industry (q1 floor sweeper sales - 4 per cent).
A small increase, or a higher prior-period base of 1), q1 is a relatively low season; 2) new products released by ces will be marketed in the second quarter, with some consumers or demand sidelined. Domestic sales of new products perform well, with projected releases in the second quarter.
Land sweeper series new products - g10s series and t8s, with g10s series having full-power base stations (typologies: automatic dust collection 60 days + automatic mop washing + self-cleaning + automatic water recharge + auto-depressants, selected: hot wind drying, automatic water exchange, ai structure light shield, heavy suction, etc., currently new g10s
Good performance. The share of market sales of rock brands in the Ovi Clouds W15 Line has risen to 61%, mainly as a result of the concentration of sales of new g10s products (W15 Line Land sweeper: 47% of sales of rock g10s). The g10s series has a remarkable performance, and the sales performance of the second quarter is expected.
Figure 1: Share of sales on the market for land sweepers on the line. Chart 2: Equal rate of sales on the market for land sweepers on the same line, billions of dollars, +7.06% on the same date. 22q1 Māori ratio (-2.1 pct) is 47.5%, if adjusted to 21q1
In combination, 22q1 companies provide incentives to tie employee interests down. The company publishes the first issue of the “business partnership” and the 2022 Restricted Stock Incentives Scheme, in which:
The first “business partner” shareholding plan: the total number of employees of companies participating in the first-time holding scheme is proposed to be 39, consisting mainly of company directors and core managers, with no more than 102,000 shares planned, and the restrictive equity incentive scheme in 2022: the number of incentives is expected to be no more than 479 persons, targeting mainly
In comparison with the company-restricted equity incentive scheme of 2020, which covers a much larger number of people than the company-restricted equity incentive scheme. Both of these incentives are based on business income in 2021.
There is still plenty of room for development in the global market for land sweeps, where companies focus on product and technological innovation, insist on upgrading users, experience, and, in recent years, continue to add code to the marketing layout to raise the volume of brands, promising to continue to lead the industry.
The penetration rate is not as high as expected: the penetration rate of ground sweeps is not as high as expected or affects the size of the industry, thus affecting the company's ability to innovate and produce less than expected: higher R & D inputs from the company, uncertainty of results and the risk of new products being promoted and sold less than expected;
Overseas markets have not expanded as expected, and maritime capacity strains have affected the company ' s overseas sales: the company ' s overseas earnings remain relatively high, with the risk of poor market expansion abroad, thus affecting its performance; and maritime capacity strains will affect the company ' s delivery pace and sales performance.
Risk of exchange rate fluctuations: Exchange rate fluctuations can lead to a greater exchange risk for the enterprise.