The biggest wind and light-voltage operator in the country.
▪ The company is a scarce new energy power operating asset, and the company expects to double the size of the installation over the next five years. The company, as the implementer of the new energy business under the Tri-Gorge Group, pursues the strategic objectives of Windlight Three-Gorgeths, Wind-Channel Leadr at Sea, and the main business is wind, solar power.
As of April 2021, the company had installed more than 16 million kW, its assets more than 150 billion kW, its energy operations covered 30 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government, and its size, profitability, etc. were included in the first echelon of new energy enterprises in the country.
Over 1.3 million kW (8 per cent), over 7.5 million kW (47 per cent), over 7 million kW (44 per cent) and over 220,000 kW (220,000) of upper wind and low- and medium-hydro-power plants.
Electricity is the core of carbon neutrality, and wind power and light voltage have high expectations in renewable energy generation. Power is the most cost-effective and mature technological path to achieving carbon at this time, through transport (the spread of electric cars), industry (the artificial intelligence) and construction.
The increase in the level of electrification of end-use energy sectors, such as building intelligence, traditional electricity alternatives, the use of fossil fuels, such as coal, petroleum, etc. The share of China in electricity generation and heating and industrial production is significantly higher than the global level, as reflected in China’s global carbon emission structure.
In the past, China’s energy-intensive, crude economic-structural development model, we expect the largest innovation in the generation and manufacturing sectors with the highest total carbon emissions in the carbon-neutral process. According to China’s Energy and Electricity Development Outlook 2019, published by the National Institute of Network Energy Resources, our country is expected to be in operation by 2050.
The total capacity of the power supply will reach 5 billion kW, of which wind power and photovoltaic capacity will exceed 50 per cent; total electricity demand will reach 12.4-13.9 trillion kWh, of which wind power and photovoltaic hair will be  as a scarce wind photovoltaic operating platform, with financial advantages, technological advantages and resource excellence
The company’s business layout is wide and the regional layout is strong, so the average number of hours it uses is higher than the national level, the drop-out rate and the drop-out rate are higher than the national average, and the response company’s regional wind resources are strong.
Seven offshore wind projects, with $5 billion in additional liquidity raised. This call for offshore wind is 17, 14 and 11 times higher.
The company, as the implementer of the new energy business under the Tri-Font Group, is guided by the strategic objectives of the Three-Foot Gorges, the "Windwind Leader" and the main business is wind, solar energy development, investment, and operation. According to the network of company officials, the company was installed over 16 million kilowatts in April 2021, with assets above $150 billion, and the tri-Fontary energy business was overtaken.
In 30 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government, the size and profitability of the aircraft are among the first echelons of the new energy enterprises in the country. The company ' s offshore wind and power plants exceed 1.3 million kW (8 per cent), the surface wind and wind units exceed 7.5 million kW (47 per cent), the photovoltaic and the small and medium-sized water and power plants nearly 7 million kW (44 per cent) and the medium-sized and small hydropower units exceed 220,000 kW (1 per cent).
With the development of wind, sea and land, companies insist on autonomous development and cooperative acquisition and acquisition of two legs to accelerate the pace of development of new energy operations, such as wind and solar energy, to achieve the goal of a “three-step approach” that combines the power of leading, world-class new energy companies.
1.1. The Three Gorges Group holds 74.99 per cent of the shares directly or indirectly, and is the actual controlling party of the company The shareholders in the company and the actual controlling persons are the Three Gorges Group. By the end of 2020, the Three Gorges Group held 4.99 per cent of the total shares of the company; thus, the Three Gorges Group held 74.99 per cent of the company ' s shares directly and indirectly.
During the three-year period 2018-2020, the tri-gorge group deepened its mixed ownership reforms, releasing hundreds of billions of assets.
The tri-gorge group, which operates in 31 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities, as well as in more than 40 countries and regions around the world, has achieved a total of 23 sub-enterprises, 18 full-time and part-time, from the tri-gorges to the Yangtze River, from the north to the whole country, from the inland to the sea, from China to the world.
Four of them have become the world’s largest hydroelectric development operator and the country’s largest clean energy consortium.
(b) International operations: development of hydropower, wind and wind power in Asia, Europe, South America, Africa and other regions, as well as in international investment;
(b) Capital investment and engineering technical advisory services; and capital investment and engineering technical advisory services related to hydropower, clean and renewable energy, mainly through electricity in the tri-Gospel;
Eco-environmental investment and operations: nurturing industries related to eco-environmental protection, promoting social capital focus Eco-environmental protection and clean energy development, mainly through the Yangtze Eco-Environment Corporation. Figure 2: Three Gorges group direct and indirect shareholdings 74.99 per cent (as of the end of 2020)
In January 2021, the Chairman of the Tri-Frigor Group, Rhénéin, said that in the next five years, between 70 million and 80 million kilowatts of new energy installed by the tri-Firth Group, a goal that is equivalent to three-to-four times the current level, the tri-Firth Group will become the world’s top clean energy group.
Over the next three years, the company is expected to grow at a compound rate of about 30%, which is the largest new energy generation platform on the market and is scarce.
In September 2020, President Xi Jinping announced to the world at the United Nations General Assembly that he would achieve carbon peaks by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2060.
Peaks, followed by gradual declines. Carbon neutrals: total greenhouse gas emissions directly or indirectly generated by enterprises, groups or individuals over a period of time, offset their own carbon dioxide emissions by afforestation, energy-saving emission reductions, etc., and achieve “zero emissions” of carbon dioxide. Why propose peaks, carbon neutrals, and targets?
It is the energy structure of the country, and more so the economic structure of the country. We announce carbon neutrality to the world.