Seal cement (600585.sh)
The net return to the mother was 29,814 million yuan, an increase of 88.05 per cent over the same period, with a basic gain of $5.63 per share, a rise in the price of self-produced cement and clinker, with tons of Māori as high as $157 as ever before, sales of corporate cement clinker self-products were 298 million tons in 2018, an increase of 2.69 per cent over the same period; and proceeds from the sale of own products.
98,631 million yuan, an increase of 36.62 per cent over the same period; 51,837 million yuan from the cost of the sale of products, an increase of 12.68 per cent over the same period; and a review of conch cement from the company's construction materials firm, a revenue of 331 yuan in 2018 from the company's cement and clinker products, a cost of 174 yuan, a cost of 157 yuan over the same period.
Trade operations are significantly scaled up, the “t”-type strategy is further strengthened \diamond Sea conch cement (600585).
Conch Cement (600585), which is reported in public materials: 1 h-volume up and 70 million tons worth of operational sales, a 12-fold increase over the same period. The company further refined its “t”-type development strategy during the reporting period.
Intensive construction or leasing of water routes such as a transit bank in the middle and lower coasts of the Yangtze River, and progressive promotion of integrated marketing markets in central urban areas, creation of trade platforms and seizure of end-markets.
During the reporting period, corporate bone business achieved revenue of $810 million, an increase of 16.0 per cent over the same period, and the Māori rate of 69.1 per cent, an increase of 5.1 percentage points over the same period, mainly as a result of a significant increase in bone prices. q4 income continued to rise, with Māori rates declining over the same period or rising as trade operations.
Billion dollars, a 5048 per cent increase in the same year, Māori 29.59 per cent, a 26.63 percentage point decline in the same year; q4 income growth is faster than profit, which we judge to be mainly due to faster growth in trade operations, but because of lower Māori in trade operations, the overall Māori rate has fallen, and in fact the profitability ring has risen significantly in terms of product alone.
Significant reductions in cost during the period 0 and 0.67 percentage points, as a result of higher revenues from the main business, and no change in R & D rates, mainly from R & D inputs of affiliates of the group for new products such as smart-chemical plant construction and fire-resistant materials
During the reporting period, the company continued to build and purchase domestic projects and four cement mills, such as Lok Qing conch and Jiande conch, which were subsequently completed: the Cydox conch, the Ganghua conch, the Sun Spring conch, the sub-office conch and the Xing conch project.
At the same time, the company actively promoted overseas project construction, production lines and four cement mills in Battambang and North Su, Cambodia, two clinkers, production lines and four cement mills in succession, construction of the Lao Xianbra State conch project into the equipment installation phase, construction of the Tian Mandalay conch project, construction of the Lao Vientiane conch, construction of the Lao Kalshi conch project, etc.
By the end of the reporting period, the company had a capacity of 252 million tons of clinker production, 353 million tons of cement production, 38.7 million tons of bone production, and 600,000 cubic metres of commodity concrete. The company’s continued expansion and development abroad will result in a continuous increase in capacity.
q1's major regional cement prices are still higher than during the same period last year, and performance growth has been determined, and this year, demand-side environmental regulations are taking into account the risk of stringent production operating costs; The risk of rising coal electricity prices.
The sales team at the peband Academy. The sound of Cho.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.