Material and materials. Birth-restrictive assistance is 18q4 high, 19q1 is expected to remain strong, 1804 is expected to continue, and tons of Maori innovation is high.
Self-distribution of some 77,890,000 tons of cement, a decrease of 7.9% in the same year, and the increase in the country’s dark weather in December, as well as the demand for repression and the closure of the Expo, are the main reasons for the same decline in sales in the company in the fourth quarter. But, again, the national cement industry has risen in the fourth quarter as a result of the South China Expo and the rest of the environmental shutdown.
According to our calculations, the average price of cement clinker sold in four quarters is $367, the ring raises $45 per ton, the ton raises $195 per ton, the ring increases 49 ton, a one-quarter history rise. And the company has been able to sell 298 million tons of clinker throughout the year, an increase of 2.7 per cent.
The pattern in the sea has deepened and the cycle of ironing has become more volatile. The total market value/flow of cement clinker trade in the company in 2018 (millions of tons) is 5 million tons. We believe that the expansion of trading by trading companies will not only bring business to the company.
The increase in performance will also further reduce the export of clinker in the East China region, thereby further strengthening the control of conch cement (600585), the conch cement: industry, and thereby reducing the volatility of the local cycle in the cement industry;
The pre-performance announcement is in line with expectations, with four quarters of cement skeletal operations steadily developing, and the Māori rate remaining high. The company achieved 38.7 million tons of skeletal production capacity in 2018, making steady progress towards the 2020 target of 100 million tons.
Three-quarterly review: q3 performance is over-expected, cement is over-stretched, and the environmentalization of the mine is tight. We believe that corporate bone business will maintain a high profit margin, and supply and demand will continue. - 2018/10/25
It will also allow the company to gradually take advantage of the resource endowment of a large number of high-quality mines and, in the future, conch cement (600585), q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 may become a new profit growth point for the company:
It is expected that the undervalued performance elasticity and certainty of liabilities will continue to decline, creating highly cash-flowing businesses. By the end of 2018, companies had increased their capital spending plans and reduced their red rates.
It is mainly used for the expansion of the bone business (a target of 17 million tons). The reduction in the rate of dividends in the capital expenditure plan may be a disincentive to valuations, but in the medium to long term it will help the public to pre-empt the bone business and thus further improve competitiveness;
Net profits will rise year-on-year. For the year 2019, taking into account that demand in the East China region is expected to remain stable, and 2) due to the possibility that Jiangsu coal consumption and Ensign environmental protection will remain marginal, we expect that the price and profits of cement in the East China region will remain largely stable throughout the year;
And keep the "buy-in" rating for the time being. When the company discloses more operational and financial data, we'll be at the Academy.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.