Product price hikes lead to a significant increase in profits, corporate strategic configurations are of outstanding value - conch cement (600585), non-net gains meet expectations, product price increases lead to a significant increase in profits: 1) we made a profit earlier.
(b) The negative impact of the non-recurrent gains and losses on a sustainable basis, which, despite short-term repression and the release of perceived performance, does not affect the medium- and long-term market value of the company; (b) the company has performed well throughout the year and has benefited mainly from the positive impact of structural changes on the supply side of the cement industry.
The same-year price increases in corporate product sales, adding up the industry’s high leverage attributes, and hence a significant increase in net profit. Looking to 2019, the total supply side of the cement industry is still tight, but the marginal strength is more difficult than expected, with an optimal short- and medium-term supply structure and a strong demand profile.
In November 2018, the National Council for Standardization issued the Chinese National Standard Bulletin No. 15 of 2018.
Of these, the generic silicate cement (gb175-2007) removed the composite silicate cement intensity of 32.5 r, which will be implemented in October 2019.
The elimination of pc32.5r will force companies to convert to 42.5-grade cement, and on the one hand, the increased consumption of clinker will force small and medium-sized enterprises that lack their own mine resources and have high cost-control pressures to exit the market, which will be followed by increased concentration in the cement sector and greater synergy in production.
Positive effects, such as high and improved profitability stability, have resulted in stock-led enterprises becoming the main beneficiaries; on the other hand, most fake and poor cement is currently mixed in 32.5 levels of cement, and the elimination of this standard will counter the false and poor production capacity, and the production structure will be optimized.
Real estate, infrastructure, manufacturing and new rural construction, with more than 50 per cent of real estate + capital construction, conch cement (600585). Copper conch conch stopped working at the wharf, although the demand for cement may be under pressure by the downside of the property, the capital is in reverse as the economy.
Overall Impact Control - 2018.6.15 Key factors for managing the cycle should not be too bad in 19 years, and there is a need for both real estate and infrastructure.
The cumulative rate of growth in the investment of assets can be seen at lower rates of growth in the last three years, with companies having a high annual profitability, a good cash flow, a well-dimensioned bonus, and a high strategic allocation value.
Cash flow) has performed well, reflecting a strong endogenous growth capacity; in the area of dividends, it has been maintained in recent years at more than 30% and a dividends rate of more than 3%. Companies have a stable profit, sound business, and a high red rate, with a more prominent strategic allocation value.