Material material  conch cement: performance advance announcement meets expectations and four quarters of good state of the cement continue Incident: conch cement issued a performance advance announcement on 10 January.
The performance is expected to be high in four quarters of the year. By the middle of the guidelines, the public sector achieved a net profit of $9.41 billion in four quarters, an increase of about 55.6 per cent over the same period, which is largely in line with our expectations. According to our estimates, the amount of cement clinkers sold by the company itself has increased by about 3 per cent over the year.
Of these, in the fourth quarter of 2018, the company sold self-produced cement clinker approximately 84.8 million tons, an increase of 2.7 per cent in the same year, with an average sale price of $355.5/ton, an increase of $72/ton in the same year, an increase of $36/ton in the ring over the third quarter, an increase of $176/ton in the fourth quarter of the tons of clinker, an increase of $59/ton in the same year, the ring
This is about $33 per ton higher than in the third quarter, and Māori tons higher in October and November compared to the previous month.
The South East China Cement Market is expected to remain relatively stable.
The downward pressure is greater, but given the recovery of the capital sector and the fact that the replacement of capacity has led to three-quarterly reviews: q3 performance over-expected, cement triangle and South China market, we think that companies are leading the costs of the cement industry.
Supply-in-demand posture renewal - 2018/10/25, conch cement (600585), q2-volume overpriced trading companies bring about an increase in sales and further reduce cycle fluctuations.
Undervalued elasticity and certainty of performance q4 is expected to sell about 47 million tons through the sea-based trade platform and about 70 million - 2018/08/23 per year
About tons, the volume of trade has increased significantly (about 5 million tons in 17 years). We believe that trading companies trade in conch cement (600585).
He'll be added to the list, he'll have more clinker to sell, which will further strengthen the regional control of the leading business, thereby reducing the amount - 2018/08/16.
The skeletal industry is growing rapidly and resource barriers are evident. Illegal mining is severely restricted, and the company has a large number of high-quality mines that are increasingly resource-based.
We measure the sales of the company's skeletons for 18 years at about 20 million tons, and the Māori rate is over 70 per cent, bringing new performance growth points for the company: by the end of 18, we are expected to update it further after the company's bone production is expected to reach a high level of operational and financial data.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report