Wisdom is converted into sails and silicon carriers take the waves. \triangleright \triangleright \
R&D has invested 2.580 billion yuan throughout the year, of which 1.97 billion yuan has been spent on production reduction and 610 billion yuan on technological innovation, resulting in a profit of 1,268 million yuan, or +42.257 per cent of the year. In 22 years, q1 achieved business income of 13.368 billion yuan, or 79.13 per cent of the year; and the parent company had a net profit of 1.311 billion yuan, or +142.08 per cent of the year.
Crossing the two new high areas of semiconductors and photovoltaics, mixed + equity incentives release the company's dynamism. Over the years, the company \triangleright deep-farmed luminous and semiconductor industry has now grown into a global photovolved-head business.
38,448 million yuan, mostly for silicon tablets, and the component business will begin a fast-growing period after entering the stockmaxeon; 2,126 million yuan for semiconductor operations throughout the year, mainly for semiconductor crystals. With the completion of the transformation, the company market has become more diversified, cost control has increased significantly, and the system has been improved.
Deng Youngkang looks forward to further refining the corporate governance structure and to improving the company's long-term and effective incentive mechanisms to ensure long-term, luminous: the continued highness of the photovoltaic industry, which in its large dimension drives downput efficiency.
\triangleright expects the world's additional loads to exceed 230gw by 2022, which is 50% by the same year. The large size and thinning of silicon will further drive industry.
With the launch of the Inner Mon and Ningxia project, we expect a significant increase in silicon production by the end of 2022 to 140gw, or g12%. With regard to components, the company sits on the sunpower superpot, and the market access to the stockmaxeon overseas is improved, and is expected to enter the accelerated expansion phase in 2022.
Semiconductor: The output is released immediately, and the client is expanding at an accelerated rate. Thanks to auto electrons, 5-g-material networking, and intelligent photovoltaic batteries, the wave runs: the development of photovoltaic battery technologies, the demand for chips such as pmic, cis, and igbt is on the rise.
With the launch of phase 8-12 inches of the tinless base and the upgrading of the old line, the capacity of the company's 4-6/8/12 inch product is expected to climb separately by the end of 2022.
Up to 100/10.7 million pieces per month. Currently, corporate semiconductor products cover a wide range of areas such as photovoltaics, sensors and separation elements (o-s-d), logical chips, simulation chips and storage chips. Product certification is steadily advancing, and future crystal round sales are expected to continue in line with product certification.
The growth of new energy sources and semiconductor operations in the future, as well as the potential for full release of corporate dynamism and corporate silicon client growth, with incentives, 1 company profile: the focus on expertise is far-reaching and technology advances to build barriers.
1.1 Large-scale silicon film leaders, long-sleeved condenser heads, deep-deep silicon industrial chains, photovolt + semiconductor double-wheel drive. Tianjin Middle-Ling Semiconductor Limited was established in 1999 as a semiconductor material factory in Tianjin City, established in 1958, reformed its stock system in 2004 and sold securities in Shenzhen in April 2007.
The company's main industry is photovolatile silicon, the main products of which are semiconductor materials, photovoltile silicone, photovoltaic batteries and components;
The products consist mainly of new energy sources, single-crystal silicon bars, silicon tablets, PV modules, mainly in the development, production and marketing of photovoltaic cells and components, and products, mainly PV cells and high-efficiency stacking assemblies.
1.2 Merger + Equity Incentives to Release Corporate Dynamics tclTechnology as the company's first shareholder, changing its name to accurately reflect future development strategies. 2021 is a year of accelerated growth after the company has completed its ownership reforms around the “New Energy Photovoltaics Global Lead Strategy, Semiconductor Materials Overtake” strategy to drive the company forward.
Quality development. On September 28, 2020, as tcl technology paid for the full transfer of equity, the company was formally converted to a tcl technology group. At the end of the mixup, the company's indirect controlling shareholders changed to tcl technology groups, with a 27.97% shareholding ratio and a change of identity from a state enterprise to a private enterprise; In recent days, the company changed its name and the acronym of the securities, in which the name of the company was changed from “Tianjin Central Circulatory Semiconductor Company” to “Tianjin”
“Tcl Middle Ring New Energy Technology Co. Ltd.” The short title of the securities is proposed to be changed from “medium ring” to “tcl medium ring.” Figure 2: The cost rate during the company’s equity structure is significantly reduced and the process of marketization of the company is facilitated by a mix.
This has deepened, and has gained the financial advantage of tcl technology’s bank credit and industrial chain, and the 2021 financial cost rate has been a significant incentive for the program to land and share industrial dividends. On June 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, the company launched its first equity incentive programme after the mix, which includes, inter alia, options and employee holding schemes.
4.8568 million, or 0.16 per cent of the total corporate equity at the time of the Incentive Plan announcement, were targeted at the 2021 Special Incentive Fund for the Holdings Scheme, drawn from the historical performance contribution of companies and subsidiaries and key performance indicators for 2021, for a total amount not to exceed $324 million and the total number of participating employees not to exceed 815, including 11 directors, supervisors, senior managers and others.
This round of incentives shows a firm’s deep understanding of the benefits-sharing mechanisms between workers and owners, with the promise of fully mobilizing the motivation and creativity of employees, attracting and retaining good managerial talent and business cadres, enhancing the cohesion and competitiveness of corporate staff, and further improving the corporate governance structure and improving the company’s long-term and effective incentives.
1.3 Performance has improved significantly, with cost structures optimized. Photovoltaic and semiconductor materials are the first two operations, with a combined share of over 95 per cent. The new energy photovoltaic sector achieved revenue of $38.448 billion in 2021, an increase of 121.47 per cent.
Good supply chain partnerships built to ensure an accelerated increase in the size of g12 products, a smooth transformation of product structure, and a strong technological advantage. The semiconductor material plate achieved business income of 2,034 million in 2021, an increase of 50.61 per cent over the same period. In 2021, companies increased their semiconductor polishing and extended aggregates of 380msi, with a global urban share rising to 2.7 per cent and a strong industry leader.
In terms of the Māori ratio, areas such as new energy materials, semiconductors, etc. of companies have achieved significant increases due to the iterative lead and scale effects of technology. Figure 5: Māori in company operations (billions of yuan) Semiconductor materials
In 2021, in the face of a complex external environment, the company reduced its efficiency gains, its scale effects, and built a long-term good supply chain partnership to guarantee the sale of products.
(b) A slight decline in the impact, with an overall upward trend over the years, mainly due to the fact that in recent years the cost of production of advanced solar silicon tablets has been optimized to a greater extent as the company moves to three, four and four stages of energy expansion; and
The scale effect is gradually emerging, with a significant increase in 2021; in terms of asset turnover, it has been stable in recent years, based on high growth rates and a high rise in Roe in 2021.
Equity financing has increased, with both equity multipliers and asset-liability ratios falling in the last two years. In the past, companies have resorted less to equity financing, and in particular, they raised $3.5 billion and $5 billion, respectively, through non-public issuances in 2015 and 2019.
In terms of equity multipliers and asset-liability ratios, the company announced on April 28, 2015-2019 that it would raise up to $9 billion for 50 gw (g12) single crystal silicon materials for solar-grade projects.
Operating cash flows are excellent and reflect the firm’s true level of profitability. In recent years, net equity equity net cash flows have been significantly higher than net profits, mainly for the following reasons: (a) the company’s annual depreciation of fixed assets is higher as a result of the construction of prior-period capacity, which is predominantly home-grown; and (b) the company’s annual wealth as a result of prior-period financing costs.
The cost of services (especially interest expenditure) is larger; 3) the proportion of components in photovoltaic operations is small, and the company’s overall sales return cycle is shorter. We believe that the firm’s net operating cash flow is more reflective of the firm’s true level of profitability and that, with the completion of the mix, the subsequent company’s single capacity capex and financial costs are expected to be optimized to varying degrees, the net profit is gradually moving towards the net operating cash flow.
Figure 12: Corporate operating net cash flows and net profits (millions of yuan) 1.4 places emphasis on R & D and innovation, and intelligent applications shape competitive advantages. Companies have always been “innovated to drive development” and adhere to technology-reduced routes. Sustained R & D inputs have contributed to the formation of autonomous intellectual property rights (IPRs).
The company accumulated 975 intellectual property rights, of which 154 were patented, 797 were functionally new, 1 was outward-looking, 21 were designed in integrated circuit charts and 2 were copyrighted in software; 613 were patented, of which 475 were patented, and 138 were functionally new. In 2021, the company invested $2.58 billion in R & D, an increase of 183.38 per cent; and 183.38 per cent was produced and dropped in this category.
In 1.97 billion yuan, technology innovation is invested in 610 million yuan. Over the years, companies have built technological barriers to enhance their pricing capacity, new energy photovoltaic materials, and the continued accumulation of proprietary technologies and processes with autonomous intellectual property rights (Know-how); and battery assemblies, which enhance core competitiveness through the excellent R & D capabilities of maxeon and ibc battery assemblies, and overlapping intellectual property rights (IPRs).
Wisdom is used to empower the photovoltaic industry. Companies have a number of comparative advantages in technology research and development. Semiconductor materials industry domain: companies focus on differentiated competition in product markets, R & D inputs and ip, know-how management, successively complete crystallized technology development including fz hyper-restrictive, cz hyper-low-resistance, cz ultra-low-oxygen, and 8-12 inches epi, rtp,
Development of chip processing technologies such as ar-anneal. Technological innovations continue to improve manufacturing barriers of 4.0 in the field of new energy photovoltaics. Production continues to refine manufacturing process specifications on a standardized basis, developing a “deepblue” learning model, enhancing flexible manufacturing capacity, and making manufacturing intelligent applications.g12 Technology Platforms are integrated with the depth of the industry ' s 4.0 production line to maintain industrial automation and softness.g12
Construction of platforms such as 19 for sex manufacturing, smart logistics, large industrial data, etc., to speed up the industry of the corporate manufacturing system by 4.0 process for photovoltaics, Figure 13: Corporate R & D investment (millions of yuan) 2 Phosphoric industries continue to be high, with large dimensions + thinning driving down efficiency gains
2.1 The economy has increased significantly, with a steady increase in the demand for photovoltaics, both within and outside the sea, a decline in photovoltaic lcoe and an increase in the number of affordable Internet-enabled machines. According to irena, over the past decade, the price of renewable energy generation, represented by solar and wind energy, has gradually fallen to levels comparable to fossil fuels, driven by policy support and industrial development.
The cost of photovoltaics dropped by 81 per cent from $4731/kw in 2010 to $883/kw in 2020; the cost of new production projects dropped by 85 per cent from 0.381 to $0.057/kWh. With the successive introduction of energy-saving emission reduction policies and lower costs of photovoltaic power generation, the cost of new production projects fell by 85 per cent from $ 0.381 per kilowatt-hour to $0.057 per kilowatt-hour.
The global volume of photovoltaics has been rising year by year, and even with the impact of the epidemic on global photovoltaic markets in early 2020, the capacity has continued to rise, with the global volume of photovoltaics surpassing 130gw year by year, an increase of 15 per cent compared to year by year, and is expected to continue to rise in the future as national policies are implemented and international energy structures continue to optimize the volume of photovoltaics.
21 years of high distribution, 22 years of q1 light season. On March 10, the National Energy Agency published a 2021 photovoltaic power generation operation. The new grid-connected capacity of 54.88gw was increased by 39% in 2021, with 25.60gw in centralized photovoltaic stations, which increased by 3% in the same year, and 29.28gw in distributed photovoltaics, which increased by 101% in the same year, up to the end of 2021.
Accumulated and networked capacity of 305.99gw, with a centralized photovoltaic power station of 198.48gw, distributed with a photovoltage of 107.51gw. In January-February of this year, the number of new photovoltaics installed in the country in January-February amounted to 10.86gw, an increase of 234% over the same period.
The Bureau issued a joint announcement on the " Large Wind, Light and Volcano Base Planning Programme with a Focus on Deserts, Gobi and Desert Areas " , which, after planning for the first batch of wind and light bases close to 100 gw, proposed a plan focusing on the Kubuzi, Ulaanbaatar and Tengry, Batangirín deserts, of which approximately 200 million kW were planned for the construction of wind and light bases during the “14th Five” period, including the evacuation of 150 million kW, local
With the price of wind machines falling, the cost of photovoltaic systems falling and technological advances, the large-scale base project will contribute significantly to the country's “double carbon” goal, and new sources of energy will usher in a new round of development opportunities.
2.2 Large-scale + thinning drives down efficiency, type N is the direction of future development, silicon links are nearing the end of technological change, and single crystals are basically replaced by polystals. Single crystal silicon is better than multi-silicon silicon in terms of crystal quality, electrical performance, transformation efficiency, etc., but initially in the photovoltaic industry, it is not widespread.
With a low price and a simple process advantage that has dominated the industry for a long time in the past. From 2015, Lungi took the lead in starting with the use of diamond cutting and extended it to a large extent in the industry, adding up the downstream shift to the increase in efficiency requirements, single crystals began to move gradually toward a multicrystal replacement, reaching 90% in 2020 for monocrystal silicon.
The silicon silicon silicon size meets the need for a light-voltage industry. After many years of development, it has grown from a 100-mm size in the 1980s to a current 182-mm and 210-mm size, as a result of technological advances and the demand for a reduction in efficiency.
Large silicon silicon silicons have been able to achieve effective mitigation efficiency at the end of the cell. The cell production rate is calculated at the time needed for each of the cells, and the size of the silicons increases without the need for additional equipment and manpower, thus increasing the output of the silicon. At the end of the component, g12 silicons has increased its efficiency by 0.7% compared to m2 silicons. As a result of the increase in silicon and battery sizes, the battery is in the assembly.
The company has the world’s leading monocrystal growth technology that can effectively reduce the inherent defects of crystals, safeguard the quality of silicon rods, and improve the efficiency of downstream cell conversions. The company has been working on the luminous silicone chain for years, with sufficient technological experience and R & D advantages to take the lead.
At the cutting link, companies were the first companies in the country to industrialize diamond wire slices, and successfully introduced solar super thin silicon tablets by importing management tools such as refined production. In addition, companies were able to meet the individualized needs of different customers for silicon, providing customized silicon silicon tablets.
In 2019, the company applied the semiconductor 12 inches of crystallization technology to the photovoltaic industry, officially launching a series of silicon silicon silica, which crossed from 8 inches to 12 inches, accelerated industrial upgrading and provided a platform for sustained reduction of electricity costs. To date, 210 mm of industrial eco-coalition has been largely formed.
By the end of 2021, the company’s silicon output had reached 88gw, of which g12 could exceed 54gw, or 61%. As large-scale product markets continue to increase, small-scale production capacity will gradually be withdrawn from the market, with the company’s new capacity at 210 capacity, and the old line will gradually be upgraded to produce large-sized silicone.
Fragmentation is the current direction of the silicon industry. Slenderization has the following advantages: 1) The rate of output increases and the cost of silicon is spread. 2) Slender silicon is more flexible and offers the possibility of flexible components. 3) Slender cutting can effectively reduce the loss of silicon material.
Prices rise by $10/kg, silicon costs increase by 0.18/silica, and the thickness of 18 m offsets the cost of silicon, keeping the price of silicon unaltered. However, silicon thickness will have a certain impact on the efficiency of downstream batteries and their transformation efficiency, which needs to be matched with the demand for the battery and the assembly end. Silicon prices continue to rise, with factories accelerating the silica process according to cpia.
Statistically, the average thickness of polycrystal silicon tablets in 2020 was 180 μm, the average thickness of single silicon tablets in type P was 175 μm, the average thickness of silicon silicon N in type 168 μm, and the average thickness of silicon silicon silicon in type Topcon batteries was 175 μm, while the thickness of silicon silicon cells was about 150 μm. Battery technology is currently accelerated, while thin silicone end n is easier than p, and is expected to be accompanied by electricity in type N.
In 2009, the company introduced the diamond cutting technology, and in 2010 it industrialized the gold cutting. The gold cutting was a high-speed round-to-trip cutting of diamonds by means of glue and plating.
The slurry cutting takes the form of drifting cutting, relying on suspended carbonated silicon from suspended fluids, and then is driven by the wire network. The wire cutting is less expensive, more precise, and can increase the rate of cutting by about three times, and it is more environmentally friendly. The company continues to optimize the cutting process and integrates intelligence into it, in 2020, with the center-ring dw intelligent plant.
The entire plant was designed in accordance with the industrial 4.0 system, using grid-based and digital manufacturing techniques to interact and integrate people, machines and objects into depth, automate and intelligent production processes, apply techniques such as data integration processing and analysis, remote monitoring and diagnosis, support changes in operating patterns, and successfully automate, less humanized and efficient production patterns, resulting in savings of about 65 per cent.
The company, as the leader of the n silicon chain, has achieved 670 million silicon silicon silicon. The company, as the leader of the silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
Since 2021, companies have continued to invest in high-quality production and upgrade their product structure, with a projected annual market share of 70.1 million n-g-silicon tablets sold to them in 2021, with a projected total transaction value of $670 million.
With the pressure of higher prices for upstream raw materials, the company's ability to control the expansion of product size and the smooth transformation of the product structure has led to a technological advantage, with output rising from year to year and an increase in the proportion of the g12 advanced capacity. In 2021, the company's silicon output increased to 88gw, compared to 2018.
With 52 per cent, g12 advanced capacity rising to 70 per cent, we expect that the company will be in a position to reduce supply and demand of silicon by the end of 2022, as the upper silicon plant capacity is gradually released and raw material prices fall, with silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silics.
In 2019, the company upgraded the production of Neo-Mongolian and Hoth Bases to 30gw through technological improvements; in the same year, China, China, the Association, through a joint venture, embarked on the construction of the Inner Mongolia Single Crystal Five project, which was launched in 2021 and produced 55gw; and in March 2022, the solar-scale 50gw single crystal silicon material intelligence plant in Ningxia.
The project, which was officially launched in the Economic Technology Development Area of the city of Sinakawa, is expected to be fully operational by the end of 2022, when the company's crystallized capacity will reach 135gw. Slicing Slicing Company is again investing in the establishment of the dw smart plant, which is expected to produce 125gw of which g12 is 105gw.
In November 2021, the three-phased construction of the Central Ring dw Smart Plant, which has an annual capacity of 25gw and is expected to start production in 2022, and in January 2022, the company issued an announcement to implement a four-year project (dw IV) to build a 30gw high-solar solar super-silicon monocrystal materials smart plant with its subsidiaries.
It is expected that the company will have an output capacity of 125gw, of which g12 will have a capacity of 105gw, with more than 50gw in Tianjin, more than 25gw in Nemmon, and more than 30gw in Jiangsu.
The plan and construction of the project included 120,000 tons of high-purity multi-crystal silicon, semiconductor single-crystal silicon materials, and accompanying projects. The price of silicon material had risen significantly since last year, before the company relied on external purchases of silicon, and corporate profitability was squeezed in the context of silicone prices.
The company is able to reduce the impact of upstream price fluctuations when it enters the silicon chain and enhance supply chain stability, while building on the synergies between photovoltaic and semi-conductor plates and continuing to build on the competitive advantages of the company.
With a large light area and low loss, the stacked tiles are expected to become more permeable. The tiles use laser slicing techniques, cutting entire batteries, and using conductive gels to connect the small stacks of batteries softly, optimizing the structure of the cells, achieving zero spacing of the battery fragments, making full use of the limited area of the components, allowing the same layouts to fit 5% more batteries than the other types of components, and effectively increasing their exposure to light.
Area. Because the supermixing is used to connect the battery layer to the layer, there is no need to link the circuits to the silicon base as traditional components use welding metal to reduce damage and effectively reduce heat loss. In addition, the cell block is connected by the softness of the conductive glue, with stress partitions, and not only can it be adapted to a thinner silicon, but it also has a lower risk of cracking, while smaller cells can limit the effect of cracking.
In smaller areas, even with less loss of hidden power, applications are wide-scale, super-g12 maximizes their value. Collapse technologies apply to all pre-contact batteries and are compatible with single, double-bond, n-mixed, thinner, etc. In application scenarios, stacked components are more resilient and free to bend.
Distributed and centralized settings apply. The superstructures are efficient, reliable, durable and broadly compatible, and combined with the application of g12-sized silicon tablets can save downstream owners the cost of artificial land, logistics, cable, etc. bos, and contribute more low-cost and efficient products to the industry.
Figure 25: Collapse components compared to traditional components: Monovolve-related patents, the technology developed by which is one of the most representative and leading technologies in the current industry, while under the umbrella of the Central Ring, the subsidiary has a patent authorization for sunpower monolithic components, which as of 2021 h1 ring luminous components.
The company has continued to develop a line of 3.0 tiles around the mitigation efficiency of the flutter products, in collaboration with national leading battery manufacturers, with innovation based on industry ' s 4.0 manufacturing concept, accelerated technological research and development based on the "g12+3.0" and two-technology platforms, and in May 2021, the ring was activated with the "g12 " high-efficiency superstation solar assembly project and 2gwg12 was efficient.
In March 2022, the third wave of photovoltaic power project, photovoltaic components, was procured centrally on a scale of 1gw, with a total purchase order of $1,815 million, reflecting the strong recognition of downstream owners of tiles products.
ibc is a swathe, and shares in maxeon accelerates globalization. Maceon, formerly a sunpowerr, operates a photovoltage service in France, Malaysia, Mexico, and the Philippines. Maceon designs, manufactures and sells in more than 100 countries and territories through a global distribution network that covers over 1,200 sales and installation partners.
In addition to the collage technology mentioned earlier, sunpower also has a deep skill accumulation in high-efficiency ibc battery technology, compared to traditional battery technology, ibc has a positive no-fence feature that effectively enhances conversion efficiency. In 2020, Maceon completed the split, with a central ring of $298 million holding 28.85% of its equity, making it its second largest shareholder in 2021.
Maceon issued an additional 88.14 million shares, with a central ring charge of $33.66 million to subscribe to 1.87 million shares, reducing the difference from the shareholding ratio of the first major shareholder to 0.5%. By doing so, the central ring acquired maxeon's stacked and ibc intellectual property, adding to its technological accumulation on n silicons, expanding its foreign market continuously.
Figure 27: MAXEON Global Marketing Network 3 semiconductors: Release of capacity, i.e., to speed up client development, market demand, and company capacity release. Global semiconductor silicon sales totaled $12.6 billion in 2021.
The share of the Chinese and Chinese markets reached 13%, thanks to the development of motor electronics, 5-g-material networking and intelligent manufacturing, and the rising demand for chips such as pmic, cis, and igbt; in addition, as a result of high photovoltaics, the sales of the reversible-related igbt chips also remained on the rise. The company is committed to the supply of semiconductor materials in the full range of the complex, the product of the semiconductor, and the dimensions of the chip, as of 2021.
Bottom, the company’s small size (4-6 inches), 8 inches and 12 inches of product output reach 50.70.17 million units per month, and short-term supply and demand constraints of the crystal circle provide an opportunity period to replace national production as the semiconductor has a long certification period.
The certification period for the product is 3-5 years. The global downstream demand recovery of 2020q3 rose significantly in the demand for chips and semiconductor crystals, but the supply and demand for the 2021 crystals continued to be tight due to the inadequacy of the previous chip manufacturing plants, particularly capex, and 53 chip prototypes, such as Ngipur and Risa, increased in early April 2021 due to crystal supply problems.
This is also evidenced by the price and longer delivery times. Global crystal round supply and demand constraints have led to a variety of applications and steady progress in the validation of corporate products, such as national production replacements in countries such as the Central Ring.
The company has achieved a full coverage of 12 inch logic, cis, power, and other products, including 8 inches and below. The customer import of the company’s semiconductor product is now well under way, with photovoltaics, sensors, and separation components mainly in the area of automobiles and consumption, and since 2020 the company has been working on research and development from 8 inches to 12 inches.
(b) Logic chips are mainly used in the areas of automobiles, consumer electronics, iot, 5g, the entire series of product certifications for domestic pole customers has now been passed and Japanese-Korean and Chinese-Taiwan customers are being imported;
The film, which is being used mainly in the areas of consumption, cloud data, is currently being used for product labelling with domestic clients and is now in production. Figure 30: Corporate semiconductor globalization strategies 4
4.1 Profit projection assumptions and business split Silicon: by the end of 2021, the company ' s silicon output had reached 88gw, of which g12 was 70 per cent, and with the launch of the six-phase projects in the interior and Ningxia, we expect that the company ' s silicon production capacity in 2022-2024 would reach 1,497/180gw in 2022-2024, with delivery volume
95/135/175gw The Māori rate for the company ' s silicon business for 2022-2024 is expected to be 18.1 per cent/19.8 per cent and 21.7 per cent as the company continues to move forward with the development of large-scale thinner production systems, and we anticipate an increase in the capacity of the company to produce tile tiles after the acquisition of maxeon, and an increase in the influence of overseas brands.
During the development phase, the Māori ratio is expected to rise further as corporate governance rises and silicon advantages flow downwards, with 8 inches expected to produce 70/10 million units per month and 12 inches expected to produce 17.7 million units per month. As downstream demand continues to rise and company customers are imported smoothly, it is expected that the volume of corporate semiconductor sales in 2022-2024 will be 1277.62/1980.31/3069.48
Semiconductor devices: According to company announcements, semiconductor device operations will be removed from the combined statements and not started in the second half of 2021, since the company ' s main business is photovoltile silicon and semiconductor silicon silicon, it has been chosen as comparable companies, based on comparable company data, that the average pe in 2022 is 33 x.
The growth of semiconductor operations and the mix of incentives are expected to fully release corporate dynamism and maintain a “recommended” rating. 1) Downstream demand is not as high as expected: the main drivers of global photovoltaic growth have been transformed into economic demand and global photovoltaics.
In some emerging market countries, however, the growth in light-voltage demand continues to be driven by policies, and as emerging-market countries increase their contribution to global photo-voltage ratios, fluctuations in national photovoltaic industry policies will affect global photovoltaic 2) 210 light-volt silicon industrialization less than expected: 210 mm silicon to boost efficiency gains in the entire industrial chain.
(b) Cells, components and components, which are processed over a period of time for the production of equipment in such a way that large silicons can fully exploit the potential of the equipment and increase the capacity to produce battery fragments over a period of time; and systems links, which significantly reduce the cost of bos through the amortization of wire boxes, artificials, depreciation, etc.
However, since the diffusion of new technologies requires downstream battery chips, component chain capacity, if the downstream battery tablets and component manufacturers are not as advanced as expected, this will affect the company ' s demand for 210 silicon tablets, thereby affecting the company ' s performance. (3) 12 inches of semiconductor silicon clients are unable to expand as expected: 12 inches of semiconductor large silicon tablets have long been produced by five large silicon tablets abroad.
Monopolies, semiconductor large silicon domestication are about to break out. High technical, certification, equipment, and financial barriers exist in the process of entering the chip-making suppliers’ list, leading to a long-term expansion of the semiconductor silicon sector and a more stable industry pattern.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and whose findings are not received directly or indirectly, either by reason of, or because of, specific recommendations or views in this report:
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.