5 grain fluids waligyeyibin (000858ch) industry adjustment period without changing core assets
China’s stock market has continued to rise, and the core assets of high dividends have been pursued.
The index is among the highest in major global markets. The main benefits are: 1) policy support and resilience: the recent re-introduction by the Government of a financial easing policy package to boost market confidence, 25q1gdp compared to 5.4%) FDI inflows: the weakening of the United States dollar prompts capital from the United States.
The country went to China with a net transfer of more than 45 billion yuan in April 2025, focusing on low-value blue-share shares such as warehouse consumption and finance. 3) Low valuation repairs: a share is currently being divided between the white and wine industries, and companies are being reformed.
During the contractionary competitive phase, production and demand both fell, consumption scenes contracted, structural divisions increased the headline effect. 25q1, most alcohol companies performed pressure, with the exception of a five-story bar. 25 years, the five grain fluids used as a central strategy for the implementation of the “upgrading year” of marketing and the implementation of the “control policy”
The firm’s leadership is expected to be strong, and the market’s share will increase further after the industry’s adjustment. Performance is certain, with the profit scale at the top of the industry, with five grain fluids/a series of alcohol products out of the list.
In the last five years, the cagr continued to grow by 11.9% to 14.9% while the main brands continued to do so, the second-growth curve of the wine series has been seen in size. The net profit on revenue/repatriation for 25q1 was raised for six consecutive years, and the cash flow for 25q1 performed well.
The product structure continues to be optimized. The 24-year decline in net home country interest rates is due mainly to the higher share of market spending and the low impact of the base for the same period of the previous year.
Wu Jiasminewu