Xinhua Insurance published its annual report for 2020, achieving business income of $20.386 billion, compared to Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh)
First analysis of the non-banking financial sector: net profit in 2020 was the same as -1.8 per cent, and Xinhua Insurance achieved business income of $203.86 billion in 2020.
\triangleright ' s pre-tax profit fell due to a policy of percentage deductions for commissions ' fees and charges, which resulted in a higher base and an increase of $11,644 million in reserves over the same period last year.
The discount rate assumes a downward adjustment of 50bp, 1) the silver bond pulls the cost of the new policy up sharply, and judinin + 44.1% to 46.550 million dollars, 2) the low margin leads to nbvm-
High margin health insurance accounts for a comparison of 1h20 to 8.4 ppts for the first year of the long insurance, but it remains stable at a high level, with nbv, expected return contribution as a share of value at the beginning of the period, new silver insurance channels rising, a higher number of people in the risk but a better quality.
The total premium rose by 15.5 per cent and was a leader in the industry, of which the new bill (first year of long insurance plus short-term insurance) was based on the company ' s cash bond, which increased by 16.3 ppts to 75.4 per cent the share of the first year of long insurance.
However, affected by the epidemic, the quality of the team remained under pressure, with average monthly qualified manpower falling by 22.7 per cent from 3.8 per cent to 12.8 per cent per month.
The cash-off of Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. has led to an increase in the sales price margin (Vs. 2019-227 million yuan, 20201.72 billion yuan).
The net return on investment was 4.6%, compared to the distribution of debt and state debt. The non-polar ratio was lower, and the non-polar ratio was 2019.
Investment proposal: Last year’s silver bond was a bright new year’s growth, but the quality of the margin and the human strength still needs to be improved. Given the company’s efforts to improve the quality of its staff by optimizing the basic law and increasing the training of its agents, we expect that the capacity of the workforce will be released and the number of people added up.
High volumes will boost the sale of margin products, and Nbv is expected to recover at a low base. We are convinced that a two-wing approach and technological empowerment are expected to generate growth momentum for long-term corporate development. The company’s current valuation remains historically low, and it is recommended that attention be paid.
Risk factors: less than expected recovery of agent industry due to the epidemic; downside of agent output leading to loss of personnel; sharp drops in investment returns due to large capital market fluctuations; downside interest rates will narrow fixed interest rate tool spreads and affect accounting profits; 750 days
Figure 2: First-year premium (millions) and acceleration: Figure 1: nbv (millions) and acceleration
Wang Chen Dynasty, Master of Arts, Graduated in International Finance, Enterprises, University of Duren, United Kingdom, and former Deputy General Manager of Naval Capital Leasing, and General Manager of the Guanghai Leasing Business, formerly employed in China Xinjiang Investment Portfolio, and Huatuan Securities. Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, with responsibility for non-monetary financial research, Judining, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, and worked in Taiwan's Fu State Securities and Silver Securities in April 2020.
Wang Jing, a master’s degree in finance from Boston University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 to conduct research on the non-banking financial sector, which is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.