In the case of China's Great Stone (600176.sh), a quarterly report was published in 2022 to achieve business income/net return to the mother.
The net profit from withholding is 51.33/18.36/1442 million yuan, a year-on-year increase, with a continued bruising and a slightly weaker performance of the electronic veil. In the first quarter of 2022, the filamentary boom continued, leading to high growth in corporate performance.
The average price of the entanglement of 2400tex in the direct veil q1 was $6226 per ton, and it is appreciated that Jayameen released his capacity for a much lower price.
Corporate profitability has increased further. In the first quarter of 2022, companies achieved a Māori sales rate of 44.57%, an increase of 1.05 percentage points over the same period, an increase of 1.38 percentage points over the same period; a percentage point has been achieved, and corporate profitability continues to increase.
A continuation of the accelerated upgrading of smart manufacturing to reduce production costs through technological adaptation has led to a system of cost-control systems, such as the "Empower and Less Work" system. In addition, as the world's largest producer, companies have significant economies of scale. There has been a marked decline in corporate cost rates in the past quarter.
The cost for the period q1 was 8.93 per cent, a decrease of 2.51 percentage points from the same period, of which the Division will continue to produce: 100,000 tons of electronic veil smart production lines per year, 120,000 tons of fibre-glass-crystal threads per year in Egypt.
Growing and growing size have led to stronger corporate leadership in product supply capacity and pricing rights, with the company's review report 2020322 [Galaxy Building Materials], further consolidating the company's niche in the fibre optics industry.
China's Great Stone (600176.sh): The outlook for the industry is wide, the leadership is further consolidated, structural adjustment is still the way forward, and new applications at the lower and middle ends are promising.
Industry depth report 202034_Galactic Building Materials. Companies adapt their product structure in a timely manner to changing market demand, constantly upgrading their sophistication _ Building Materials Industry _ Spring 2022 Investment Strategy _ Spring 2022
The proportion of production and sale of difficult, green, special-purpose products.
The accelerated expansion of the industry is expected to result in a greater increase in demand in the wind veil market; new energy sources - China ' s Great Stone (600176.sh): the volume price rises.
Investment is proposed as a leading business in the fibreglass industry, with clear advantages in terms of cost, size, technology, and brands. With the increase in the penetration rate of the fibre-optic product, and the company’s output, there is a need for investment.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.