The company published a quarterly report in 2022: 5.13 billion yuan, +28.44 per cent, \triangleright, \triangleright.
The fibres have risen at the same price, and the net profit has continued to be high: 1 coarse price ring has stabilized, same price has been raised, q1 \triangleright has a national average of 2400tex per year for the entanglement of direct veils at $6138 per ton, +333 ton, ring ratio - 40 ton, basic stability
The cost of natural gas has increased significantly, q1 Zhejiang gas at a cost of $3.99/m3 and +0.88/m3, assuming that the gas unit consumes 140 m3/t, and the unit cost of natural gas is calculated on that basis + $123.2 (only by extrapolation). Taking into account the impact of the increase in the price of ferastone (less gas) electricity, we expect that the profit of q1 tons of fibre is still the same.
The sales of 2 kilts and products reached 530,000 tons, almost equal to the previous year, mainly due to the concerns of some of the q4 clients in the country about price increases, pre-positioning, and the impact of the March epidemic on logistics. In addition, production capacity was as high as in March.
1. China ' s Stones (600176.sh) depth report: Global Fibre King, China ' s model of manufacturing. Electronic sheet prices are under pressure and the industry may have suffered losses. Prices are expected to stabilize: o1 Industry 7628 Electronics
\triangleright’s main increase comes from 300 million square metres of electronic fabric from the village of Kiryu, which came into production in March 2121, and is more prominent in March 22, with 100% of production sold out. The current industry is likely to lose in addition to the Stones, which, on the one hand, inhibits the incentives to start production and, on the other hand, the Stone Passes.
Cutting off, cooling off two old lines to balance supply and demand, continuing to drop. Export booms rediscovering supply and demand: demand-side growth is expected to come mainly from exports, new energy vehicles, wind power, Europe’s fibre supply is constrained by high energy prices, and 2022q1 exports of our fibres and products amounting to 545.5 million.
Tons, +49.7%, and exports, $952 million, +49.6%, respectively. Supply side continues to absorb new pre-generation capacity, which, under strict assumptions, is still limited. But companies have increased their contribution, for example, 300 million square metres of electronic fabric (q2) + 150,000 tons of 3-line alkaline coil kiln (projected q3) + 4-line unalkali coil in Egypt.
Investment proposal: continue to recommend China's Great Stones, with attention to: one cycle of weak properties, two export landscapes, three major stones, optimized product structure, Troika heat, wind power, electronic veil relay growth, and four industries with stringent approval.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.