Residential development search for the Blue Sea, building an enabling platform for property management Southwest Securities Research and Development Center Investment logic: a company as a leading home, developing business practices in urban deep-farming strategies, and focusing on core cities
The city circle, where future breakthroughs may be made in the field of tod&urban renewal; the property management business, which shapes the community & business & city spaces and invests in building platforms for the empowerment of science and technology services; and the diversification of operations, which are at the forefront of the industry in areas such as logistics, commerce, etc., and companies are gradually becoming platform-based real estate management companies.
Billion dollars, net profit return to mothers increased by 9 to 19.9 billion yuan on the same basis. Corporate debt structure is healthy, 2020h1 cash, corporate financing costs are low in the industry, credit rating is first in the industry; 2020h1 Māori is a healthy development, urban deep-farming strategy is a management dividend, and tod&urban renewal becomes a new surprise.
Billions of dollars, far more than other housing companies, and the urban deep-farming strategy is to tap industrial management dividends for companies; 2) land resources: companies focus on the core urban circle, with 80 per cent of the second-line urban investment, with new land in 2020. By the end of June 2020, companies had acquired 49 tod projects, covering 18.3 million fronts.
Investment of $240 billion to strengthen business expansion through deep iron cooperation; old conversions, 2017-2020h1, increased from 2.89 million to 5.83 million, and cagr to 32 per cent. The old conversions were carried out in parallel with the three main community/business/city tracks of the public administration, and the construction of technological and technological services.
The company changed its name to "Change Clouds " , building the tech, space and Grow modules. 1) Space Services (Space Module): 2020h1 company contract management area of 680 million square metres, with $6.7 billion in real-estate revenue, 55% of which was contributed by the non-Hancade project. Business forms a troika structure, with community space services in 10,000 real-estate and 10,000-estate.
The value added of PARK's two brands of rental housing has been significant; the Business Space Service, in conjunction with Dede Liang, is building a national flagship company to manage everything in an area of more than 100 million square metres; the Urban Space Service has launched the All-Mise Clouds brand, and has developed a two-hundredth plan that has been in existence for three years and collected more than 100 million dollars.
More than ten projects have been located. 2) Technology Enabling Services (Tech Module): contains four types of services: bpaas, smart hardware, space oss, and product solutions. The company expects to use long-sinked PMS systems and technology systems to provide other PMSs with the capacity to build hardware, systems, services, etc.
Open Science and Technology Service Enabling Platform, Swords for “shells” in the field of property management. Pluralization of business results, gradually entering the forefront of the industry. 1) 10,000 latitude logistics: 2016-2020h1 logistics can be leased from 1.47 million to 10.75 million, 43 per cent of which are built and planned in the future.
There is still a significant increase in dynamic energy; 2020h10 million yuan in logistics, an increase of 37 per cent over the same period, with the city next to Pros, which is in the forefront of the industry. 2) The Indian Group: 2020h1 has already opened 8.36 million areas, collected 3.05 billion yuan, built four major mature product lines, and the size and combined strength of its operations have entered the industry totop4.
Vankoa (00002): Sales growth has changed from negative to negative, and) 10,000 bob: 2020h10000 bobs are in the forefront of the industry and are managed on a more than 125,000 basis, with more than 180,000 managed and still actively exploring the industry ' s profitability model.
Property companies have demonstrated their ambition by changing their name (2020-11-03), taking into account the company ' s development business to dig deep management dividends, and the potential of the technology service enabling platform, MHW (2020-08-28)
3.00002: Two breakthroughs in resource capacity and the emergence of Taiwan ' s giants (2020-08-10)
1.1 In the more than 30 years since its inception, Huanko has become a leader in the real estate sector of the country, benefiting from reforms that have enabled it to fully enjoy the social and industrial dividends of the reform of housing and the great development of urbanization over the past 40 years.
In an era of development, Vanko is also constantly adapting and optimizing its development strategy. (1) 1984-1992: Shenzhen, which started with the development of non-relevant diversity.
Special Economic Zones Development Corporation: in 1988, the Government approved its stock-reform programme, where the company publicly issued 28 million shares and first tendered for land at the end of the year, officially opened a new era of real estate operations; in 1992, the company's operations were “exploitated”, forming five major business structures: commerce, industry, real estate, cultural dissemination and equity investment.
(2) 1993-2013: Focusing on the development of real estate specialization, building three good housing developers, establishing residential development as the company ' s main business after 1993, transferring 10,000 good public goods to complete the professional transformation in 2001, defining the development plan for the third decade and setting a target for sales of hundreds of billions in size.
Pilot project on rental housing for low-income families in the interior, and establishment of the Ministry of Property and Industry in 2009 with the aim of “building houses for the general population, building houses for human use”, sales in 2010 for the first time exceeded $100 billion and were completed four years earlier (3) 2014-2017: positioning of “urban and rural construction and life service providers”, developing related diversity
In 2014, the company established its fourth 10-year development plan, which extended the position of the “Three Good Residential Developers” to “Cities and Cities Auxiliary Services” and, based on the consolidation of residential development and property services, actively expanded the areas of business operations, rental of residential housing, logistics and warehousing services. In 2018, 10,000 kyats upgraded their development strategies further to “Rural and urban construction and life service providers”.
From urban upgrading to urban and rural areas, the strategic vision was extended for the first time to rural renewal, with four players: a good life landscaper, a real-economy force, an innovative exploration pilot field, and a harmonious ecological builder. In 2020, the central bank and the Ministry of Housing pursued a “triple red line” of financing, shifting industries from the past “financial dividend era” to “moderate dividend era,” and public relations.
In July 2015, it was the first time that it raised its cards and held 5% of its shares.
On 4 August of that year, the Great Heng group began to purchase a large amount of Vanko shares from the secondary market, which was increased three times to 14.07 per cent in November, quickly becoming the third largest shareholder of Huanko. On 12 January 2017, Huo Yun transferred 15.31 per cent of his shares agreement to the Deep Iron Group, which then entrusted 14.07 per cent of the Hengjiang shares held to the Deep.
After the transfer of 14.07% of the shares to the Deep Iron Group in three months, the Iron Company held 29.38% of the shares in Vanko, over and above the Bo Energy Department, and the dispute over Bo is over. By the third quarter of 2020, Bo was the top 10 shareholders in Huenco, 27.9% of the Shenzhen Trail Group and the dispute over Bo Man was over.
Revenue growth ranged from 8 per cent to $241.5 billion in the same year, net profit return from 2020q1-3 increased from 9 per cent to 19.9 billion in the same year, and revenue collection and pattern continued to hold the leading positions in the industry. 1.3 Debt structure is healthy and profitability is stable.
The strategy of prudent investment ensured the firm's sustained financial soundness, with its monetary capital increasing from $87 billion to $194.3 billion. Short-term cash debt remained at around 2.0 per cent over the long term, well above the 1.0 standard required in the Three Red Lines; net corporate indebtedness continued to remain low in the industry, at around 30 per cent in recent years, well below the 100 per cent required in the Three Red Lines; 2020h1 yuan.
Corporate financing costs remain low, and the credit rating industry leads. With regard to finance, the company 2020h1 targets qualified investors.
In terms of financing costs, the cost of financing a company’s bank loan rose from libor to no more than 5.88 per cent at the agreed interest rate, at a cost of 3.62 per cent to 6.16 per cent. Thanks to sound financial policies, Vanko’s credit rating is guaranteed, and the industry’s first-tier team is widely recognized by international rating agencies.
Companies maintain robust profitability, and profitability is higher in the industry. Māori from 2016 to 2020h1 has taken the lead from 40% to 56% and 54% of annual real-estate ratios, and the company’s cost of land has increased significantly, weakening business profitability and ensuring subsequent growth in company performance.
2 Development Business: Urban Deep Farming Exploiting Management Divide, Old Transformations, Searching for New Blue Sea 2.1 Swell Growth in Marketing and Urban Deep Farming
However, in 2020, a “triple red line” policy for real estate finance internships is expected to emerge in the future. The policy sets out criteria for the elimination of pre-collected asset liabilities, net liability rates and cash short-debt ratios respectively.
Short-term debt is 2.0 per cent, with only 74 per cent of the post-harvest asset-liability ratio slightly higher than the regulatory target. The “triple red line” released at the end of August is a watershed for real estate investments. According to Creary, the red, orange, yellow, green-slided housing stock invested in 9-December billion yuan, while the land investment in 9-December was 73.8 billion yuan, and the future will be yellow, yellow and yellow, with the growth of the red, orange-sheltered housing stock stagnating.
The concentration of leading houses in the green zone is expected to continue to rise in the second half of the estate, with the target of 8-10% for the future city of Huanko. The urban deep-farming strategy is implemented, with single-city sales leading industries. Companies followed the urban deep-farming strategy, increasing the number of cities from 65 to 70 in 2014-19, and single-city sales from 3.3 billion yuan/city to 9 billion yuan/city, an increase of 2.72 times.
In comparison with other companies in the industry, the effectiveness of the Vanko Deep Farm strategy has been highlighted by the fact that in 2019, 9 billion yuan/town high-rise industries were in the forefront, significantly higher than most housing firms, with sales ranking among the top three in 40 cities, including Shenzhen, Shanghai, Dongjung, Ningbo, Xian, Wuhan, and 21 cities. As industries entered the era of regionalization, the population continued to move into one or two core urban circles.
In addition, the number of newborns in China continues to decline, and the stimulus effects of the second child policy should be phased out. According to the Bureau of Statistics, the number of newborns fell to 14,650,000 in 2019, while, according to the Ministry of Public Security, the number of newborns fell again from 11,79 million in 2019 to 10,04 million in 2020, and there will no doubt be a decline in the number of newborns.
The industry has a negative impact, but the company’s implementation of the city-deeping strategy will enhance its branding and resource acquisition capacity in the core cities, and will gain more weapons in future phase-out competitions. Management and sales rates will remain the industry’s position, and management dividends will be tapped.
The carry-over of production costs lags by about two years, with company sales rates estimated at only 1.7 per cent at 2019 and 2.1 per cent at management rates and 3.8 per cent at total rates, far below other leading industry firms, remaining in the lowest position in the industry with companies such as Paulie and China Sea, and strong cost-control capacity to effectively tap industry management dividends after the release of the three red lines.
Companies focus on the city circle, four regions are developing in a balanced way. 2004 companies are spearheading the urban circle focus strategy, and companies are doing four regional sales in a balanced way. 2020h1 companies focus on the core cities by maintaining a full-cycle approach to land acquisition.
In recent years, companies have adopted a prudent land investment strategy, increasing the size of the building from 18,92 million to 22.4 million, and stabilizing the equity share at 60% over the same period, maintaining a robust style. The strategy of land acquisition has gradually shifted from a pro-cyclical to a full-cycle strategy.
In 2012 and 2014, for example, there was a cold land market, a low land premium, and a growing number of new land rights. After 2017, the industry entered maturity and managed to “stay the house” in the centre.
Under these conditions, the land premium rate has remained low, the company’s new land equity has remained robust, standing around 25 million square miles, and the company’s overall strategy has shifted from procyclical to full-cycle land, maintaining a smooth pace of land acquisition. The advantage has been to reduce the price of new land floors from a high in 2017 to $6838 per flat in 2020, with a decline in the land price ratio.
As a result of this policy, there has been a significant increase in outreach, and the company’s future dominance in the land market is expected to become apparent. The layout focuses on the second line, with an investment of 80%.
As the first to come up with a strategy to focus on urban circles and achieve deep-farming in the region, the Ministry, the North, Shanghai and the South regions, where companies focus on land layout and earth storage structures on the first two lines, are also consistent with the structural evolution of the industry, with more marketing elasticity and sustainability in terms of industry differentiation across the two-line cities.
With 160 million square metres of earth storage, the degenerative cycle remains flexible. The 2020h1 company has 160 million square metres of earth storage, which is now building 110 million square metres of land and is planning to build 50 million square metres of land. The company’s earth storage rate is slowing down, falling to 0.4% of the 2020h1 increase.
Companies have adopted more flexible soil storage strategies, rather than simply pursuing higher land reserves. 2.3 Exploiting gold cities & tods, exploring new growth curves tod and urban renewals will be two major breakthroughs in corporate development, with enormous potential for years to come.
(i) Tod operations: Tod is up to 2 trillion and the country’s urban track mileage and investment is at a high rate of development.
Land development, industrial import, and population clustering, leading to the construction of diversified development areas that include multifunctional industries such as commerce, office, housing, and education. The internal urban track is growing rapidly, increasing from 2746 km to 6736 km in 2013-2019 and up to 16% in cagr; the urban track is increasing from 3892 km to 6903 km in the same period.
One billion yuan is increased to 59.5 billion yuan, up to 18% for cagr. According to a track vehicle base of every 21 km, 329 vehicles are in demand nationwide, and the typical tod project currently has an average surface value of about 400,000 square metres, which can be derived from the potential size of the tod base, estimated at an average cost of 14.7 million yuan per flat in 2020 for the second-line city, tod market regulations.
The model is close to $2 trillion, and the market space is wider if one takes into account higher housing prices in the first line of cities. Housing companies are actively involved in tod development, mainly based on equity cooperation and collaboration with the project company. The value of the current tod project is increasingly recognized in the market, and a large number of home firms are involved in tod project development, such as Vanko, Lung Lake, Yao Xiu, Greenland, etc.
Tod projects are arranged in several central cities. The participation of housing companies in tod development is divided into two main categories: 1) equity cooperation model, which involves the acquisition of land by subway companies, the acquisition of ownership rights by housing companies in the Tod project and their participation in project development, which uses the rich railways of subway companies to build capacity to acquire land.
At the end of June, Huanko announced a memorandum of understanding with Deep Iron to establish a 50%: 50% joint venture and registered capital.
It is set at $1 billion to cover priority areas and priority projects related to new infrastructure and orbits in Shenzhen, and to explore large projects to build tods in priority cities, such as the Bay of Australasia region of Hong Kong.
The company-tod model is already in the early stages, mainly residential + business. The tod model has now become a corporate priority.
By the end of June 2020, the company had accumulated 49 tod projects covering 18 million construction sites, with an accumulated investment of $24 billion, or an average of about $4 to 50 billion. The project covered a wide range of industries, with about 80% of the residential sector, about 20% of the self-contained industry and more than 60% of the self-held business portfolio, and the core of the Vankotod project was called “Houses”.
Tod is a micro-city with a diversity of business, business, office, residential, etc. So housing companies involved in the Tod project need to have the capacity to plan, design, develop and operate the complex.
Municipal accompaniment services are agreed, with extensive experience in a variety of business, residential, etc.; 2) subway cooperation capacity. Because of the complexity of the Tod project benefits, the track belongs to the metro company, the land belongs to the local government, and development and financing is the responsibility of the housing company.
(c) Large-scale project planning and design capabilities. Given the size and complexity of the Tod project, housing companies are required to undertake in-depth research into the location, transport, and project conditions of the project and to participate in government regional planning ahead of schedule, thus truly combining diversified industries with transport hubs.
The Vanko City project, as a tod goal pole, has diversified vertically through cooperation with Shanghai ' s subways.
In 2015, the project was acquired by Shanghai ' s Shintong subway company, followed by Vanko ' s 50% equity participation in the project development, which included housing, business, office, sports and education.
The company designed a high-priced walking bridge, which allows owners to move within 500 metres of the project’s resources to fully improve their living experience. The first phase of the project was opened in 2017, and the second and fourth phase of the project, which generated huge reactions in the market and became a phenomenon-oriented product, and the project eventually generated 10,000 people.
The Group ' s Gold Award has been replicated in several regions. Figure 34: Profile of the Sky City Project (2) Urban Renewal Operations:
As the real estate sector has moved from an era of growth to an age of stock, urban renewal has become a new battleground for housing companies, and the current share of top 50 housing companies involved in urban renewal has reached 78%. In 2020, the country’s provinces and cities have continued to introduce good urban renewal policies, such as Shenzhen, which has “signed relocation security”
The legal share of property under an agreement is no less than 95%, and individual expropriations of uncontracted houses are carried out according to the law”, and it is expected that the various benefits will effectively accelerate the transition to the city as a whole, reducing the old conversion cycle from 5 to 8 years to 3-5 years. The size of the city’s renewal market is enormous, with the current stock market at about $30 trillion, at 2%, based on the annual real estate growth market of approximately $16 trillion.
The rate of transformation is estimated to be more than $6 trillion per year. Urban renewal concentration has accelerated, and regional strongholds have gradually taken shape. According to data from the Institute of Strategic Studies of the Algebe Industry, the concentration of urban renewal industries is rising rapidly, with more than 27 per cent of all households in Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Dongjung and Shanghai in 2019.
Urban renewal is becoming larger as a major breakthrough for companies in the future. Because of the difficulty of gaining access to land in second-line cities, and the high profitability of urban renewal projects, urban renewal is gradually accumulating energy as an important breakthrough for companies.
During the same period, the company’s total land reserve was increased from 131.75 million to 157.2 million, compared to 12 villages involved in the recent takeover of the largest village-wide renovation project in Fuoshan, which has reached 1.45 million. In the recent past, Huanko has been the subject of over 80 per cent of the agreement to transform the entire village of the United Star, which is currently the largest village in Fuoshan.
The total construction is 1.45 million, of which about 810,000 are housing, 160,000 are commercial, 480,000 are construction, and a total investment of $18 billion is proposed. Huanko has been involved in several urban renewal projects in Fuoshan, and Huanko is not currently in the first line of industrial transformation, but has gained momentum and interest in recent years.
3 Property Business: The Troika has been working together to build a technology enabling platform. Vanko's subsidiary (who holds 63% of the shares directly) Vanco's Vanco Property Industry (which has been known since 1990 and began with the Shenzhen Sky Garden in multi-storey residential areas, and has since gradually expanded into business services, urban services, and so on.
For 30 years, industry development has been focused on client demand and has continued to introduce innovative changes in the service model and business model. For 10 years, the company has been in the same position as “China Property Services 100 Business Consolidated Power Top 1”, five years in the same position as “China Real Estate Development Company 500 Top Property Enterprise” and three years in the same position as “China Special Properties Services Lead Enterprise - Enterprise Headquarters Base”.
Vankot Industries has been renamed the Clouds of All. It contains three modules: Space, Tech, and Grow. The Space Module consists of “Manufacturing Property” and “Pull Neighborhood Development” belonging to community space services, “All Beams” belonging to business space services, and “All Clouds” belonging to urban space services: The Tech Module consists of “All-wise Technology” and “Five Spaces”, respectively.
Soft and hardware service capabilities, digital operations, and industrial artificial intelligence services: Grown-up is the incubator of the company, which continues to connect mature and incubate innovative businesses. In the future, the cloud of everything will form a partnership with other property companies, rather than 3.1, which expands the three main spaces of the community, business and city.
From 2016 to 2019, revenues from corporate property services increased from $4.3 billion to 640 million, with capr as high as 44%. The 2020h1 property management revenue reached $6.7 billion, an increase of 26.9% compared to the 26.9%, considering the fragmented nature of the property management sector, while the company ' s housing development leadership status was taken into account.
Firmly, the future increase in market ownership is expected to lead to an increase in the stock of animal industry, and extended mergers and acquisitions will help companies to further expand their corporate collections, contract management areas, and combined capabilities to run the entire industry. The clouds are the leaders of the property management industry, with a cumulative contract of 680 million square metres for 2020h1, of which 520 million square metres are in the pipeline and 160 million square metres are in the reserve.
In terms of revenue collection, the company will earn $6.7 billion from 2020-h1 property management, leading the industry firmly. The 10,000-degree property complex continues to lead the business, ranking it first in China’s 100-Power property management company for 10 years in a row.
The International Fair of Property Management Industries, Inc., interviewed about 9 billion yuan in community service, 3.5 billion yuan in business and 500 million yuan in urban space service business in 2019, accounting for 69.2 per cent, 26.9 per cent and 3.8 per cent, respectively (in conjunction with the announcement, it is expected that in 2023 the cloud harvest will reach 50.1 billion yuan (26.9 billion yuan in community service, 13.1 billion yuan in business service)
(i) Community space services: The primary categories of community space services include basic property services, non-owner value-added services and community assets services:
(1) Basic property services. The reference services system is aimed primarily at community owners. Four services are designed to provide safe management, greening of the environment, cleaning and maintenance of facilities; (2) value-added services for non-owners.
In 2014-2019, corporate community operations increased from $1.840 billion to $8.8 billion, with cagr as high as 37%, and have slowed down in recent years.
On the one hand, the parent company, the Vanko Group, has been strongly supported. In 2014-2019, the area sold by the Hulk Group rose from 1.78 million to 4.112 million, with continuous project sales providing significant annual support to companies.
On the other hand, companies have a strong market outreach capacity. 55% of the 2020h10 million properties are generated by independent third parties, and the proportion continues to rise, and the market is at the forefront of the industry. Companies have a variety of market outreach approaches, such as branding boards, equity partnerships, and smart services: 1) branding boards.
(c) Wise services. Companies export management systems, management systems, and small-scale personnel in a light asset manner, as well as in other industries.
In cooperation with the Department, the original property company brand continues to be maintained and the Wiesness Services Union now has 55 members. Interviews, 2018 data is an estimate.)
Neighbours and Homes have been upgraded, with the introduction of the PARK Neighbourly Rental Houses. In late 2020, 800 low-line shops were opened, a 2.3-fold increase over 355 shops in May 2018. The layout covered 60 large and medium-sized cities across the country, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen, with 4,000 asset managers representing more than 5 million households in the management community in more than 2,000 10,000 properties.
The court provides a professional housing asset agent service. Park-neighbour has more efficient access to housing than outside intermediaries, such as chainers, and has a higher degree of professional trust, while giving priority to exclusive power of attorney.
The company provides high-quality community property services to owners, showing strong value added on assets. Based on third-party research data, a sample of nearly 15 million communities in the company ' s 15 cities in 2016 compares the same type, time, and price floors within 2 km, with 99.4% of all properties at a higher cost than their surroundings, with an overflow.
The price range was 26.77%. In 2019, the company conducted a survey of the Wuhan area property complex, covering university campuses, soft garden areas, etc., where the average price of second-hand rooms in the area of 10,000 property management was 16% higher on average.
(2) Business and space services: Establishment of a joint venture with Deed Liang to build a domestic business leader. In July 2018, he purchased 4.9% of the stock of Ded Liang for $167 million and became his fourth largest shareholder, followed by a joint venture in April 2020.
The All Beam Company was officially established, the All-Men Clouds had 65% of the stock in the All-Male Bold. As of October 2020, it was the largest business and management enterprise in the country, with nearly 1,140 management projects covering 149 cities, with more than 20,000 employees, management projects, and cooperation between the Company and Deed Liang could take advantage of their respective advantages, creating branding effects and creating a leading position in the business.
Déjéréléan, as one of the five major players in foreign investment, has a broad international perspective, extensive experience in asset management and market influence; while companies, as the most powerful and powerful property managers in the country, have a wealth of local chemical management experience, a wealth of customer resources and a cash-based science and technology management system, both of which are joint ventures that can effectively leverage their respective advantages, working together in the commercial writing industry.
Services such as R&D, Integrated Equipment Management, etc., thus creating strong competitiveness in the area of commercial property management in the country.The business space services include three main categories of basic property services, integrated facilities services and asset management services: 1) Basic property services.
In addition to maintaining high-quality and discretionary property management and services such as pre-existing property management consultants, site property management advisers, public order maintenance, environmental management, customer services, facilities maintenance, etc., companies provide marketing centre management services to housing enterprises through fine-tuning management; and 2) integrated facility services.
Services include workplace space planning, equipment maintenance operations, environmental management and governance services, energy consumption management services, day-to-day needs of employees within an enterprise, large-scale activity support services, relocation to residential services, etc., and value-added services such as space management strategies: 3) assets
Management. A one-stop life-cycle asset management service for clients, such as housing enterprises and financial institutions involved in real estate, with the Dédélent team at its core, ultimately maximizing asset value, value added and investment returns, including project repositioning, capital expenditure re-engineering strategy, rental strategy and lease management, tenant maintenance
In 2014-2019, corporate business operations increased from $150 million to $3.4 billion, cagr reached 87%, and the growth rate slowed slightly in the last three years, with cagr remaining at 59% and industry at 59%.
In the month, the company launched the exclusive urban service platform, the City of Clouds, and set a three-year target - 1.25 billion yuan in 2020 and 2021-2023 in 2020 - for the company's urban service contract, which is based in the city of Chengqing, Wuhan, Qingdao, Chengzhou, Xian and Jinan, seven priority cities.
The company has developed more than a dozen projects in the area of urban services, with a wealth of experience. Since 2018, when it began to explore the city service, the city housekeeper has completed a comprehensive exploration of 10 cities and 12 projects.
The company focuses on integrated management of cities, collating product solutions in four categories, such as infrastructure management, eco-environmental services, community co-governance, and city logo renewal. The government has designated the city's public space as a whole as a “big property project.”
Market-based enterprises manage their operations in an integrated manner, applying the idea of integration, following the principle of marketization, enabling the efficiency and quality of urban services through digital, mechanized and specialized operational tools.
Four product-based solutions, such as rearing, eco-environmental services, community-based co-governance and urban micro-renewals, provide individualized services to different cities.
The company’s own advantages determine the way in which the city’s services are operated and organized. In view of the parent’s government resources (the first shareholder in deep iron) and branding status, the company has taken over the city’s services as a master contractor and subcontracted its business to a professional supplier.
The built-up area is mainly a commissioning agreement with the government’s urban administration or street offices, which is currently limited to large-scale pilot projects in the north. The new city’s urban services project is mainly a joint venture with state-owned enterprises in the new district.
In addition, in Tovanco real-estate layouts, and the City Services Project of the City of All China Clouds, the main layout of which is in the first and second line of cities. In 2018, as a general contractor, the City provided a full range of city services in partnership with equity.
Resource Management Corporation (RMC). In January 2019, the City of the Goro was awarded $270 million for municipal procurement projects in 2019 in the new area of the Yokohama (inland) and took over the full-scale management of the municipal infrastructure covering 106.46 square kilometres of the Yokohama, from “land” to “underground”, providing sanitation, gardening, urban lighting, high-pressure plumbing, urban bridges, municipal lanes.
In terms of intelligence, through the professional operation of the City of Transnistria, the city-wide mechanization rate has been raised to 75 per cent, and the island-wide mechanization rate has been constructed.
In humanities, the Yokohama project creatively created an orange mediation workshop in the new district of the Yokohama, using city service apps to build a platform for connecting government, citizens, and service enterprises, where citizens can talk to the government, report to the government, spend money, etc.
The city has helped to improve the overall management of urban spaces, the operation of urban resources, public support services, and property dimensions. In urban spaces, the new area of the city has launched an island-wide landscape upgrade project, which has been launched to auto-drive road sweeps.
Robot equipment, such as vehicles, wet sweeps, to build “unmanned demonstration sections”; provide full life-cycle maintenance for the integrated halls, and carry out installation of equipment, such as longlong tunnels, to ensure the production of lifelines in the new area of the Yokohama. In the urban resource camps, cumulatively, approximately 1.65 million m3 has been eliminated; take over island-wide garbage removal and garbage sorting; and take over multiple societies.
In the area of public services, an orange mediation workshop has been set up as a marketable means of professional mediation.
Pre-settlement of general matters, including but not limited to labour disputes, neighbourhood disputes, etc.; establishment of the Silver Garden Creative Market and the Crossing Point, to properly address the issue of “food, clothing and accommodation” of the builders at the sites of the new Yokohama area. In the physical dimension, a natural village management centre has been set up to specialize in urban and rural areas as property areas, from village appearances, community lighting, decomposition.
The cloud is at the forefront of the industry in the community, business, and the city’s three main space service tracks, and the industry’s leader is firmly established. 3.2 Creates a technology enabling platform for the sword industry “shells” in the field of property.
In October 2020, the company incorporated community, business, and city space services into the Spce module and added two new modules, Tech and Grow, based on the original module. The company expects to follow the example of chain-to-shell transition, using long-term sedimentation PTS and technology systems to build open-source capacity in the property management industry.
The tech module consists of two major brands, namely, all-wise technology and the fifth space, and contains four broad categories of bpaas services, smart hardware, spaceos, and product solutions:
1) bpaas services: production of advanced operating capabilities to raise efficiency abatement costs for PMS and development of acn models in the area of PMS. bpaas services (flow or service) refers to the company ' s use of multi-year storage capacity to package the flow of PMS services and systems under the line line into bpaas, to empower other PMSs, and to operate on a systematic basis as a result of the standardization and systematization of operating processes
The transit management system is effective in improving the efficiency of the services and reducing operating costs. bpaas services are divided mainly into business services, functional services, and customer services. 1 Operations services category: services provided mainly for the professional management of equipment facilities, the professional management of clean greening, the professional management of order maintenance, garage operations, the management of people, receipts, etc. bpaas services, based on the state-of-the-art management of the cloud.
Management of integrity and quality service standards through the provision of fully closed loop management services for fine management; 2 functional service categories: provision of bpaas services, mainly for procurement, cost control, financial reporting, personnel administration, etc., through an integrated functional service system, contributing to the reduction of full-time staff costs and to financial and personnel management compliance, leading to greater transparency and integrity in the management of income and expenditure
Client timeliness: 3 client services: mainly providing standardized and efficient customer service systems, including fees, access, reporting, etc., to provide users with easier on-line and off-line integration experience services, thereby increasing owner satisfaction and reducing the bpaas service of tubes to passenger services from the outside, in the form of acn, which is the main carrier of the Wise Alliance.
The acn model, where the acn platform, together with functional modules such as saas, trading centres, payments and electronic wallets, constitutes the shell-plate infrastructure, where the shell has a data centre and information-sharing system through the acn platform, where commissions are split, and where the b-zero-sum game becomes profit-winnered and operational efficiency is enhanced, using the average sales of second-hand rooms linked to the shell shop.
In order to measure industry efficiency, shell trade efficiency is 1.6 times the industry average, and in the second half of 2019 shellage, the average market sales connected to brand houses amounted to $20.3 million, a significant increase of 86.2 per cent over the same period. Shells used the platform to promote the presence of small and medium-sized broker brands with greater benefits. As of 2020q3, 273 real estate broker brands had been installed.
Shell platforms, where small- and medium-sized real estate brokers can obtain more potential clients through the branding effect of shells, provide a good platform advantage for them to develop their businesses and increase the volume of their transactions. From 8136 million in 2018, the shell platform ' s Central African chain houses have grown from 176.3 billion yuan in 2018 to 133.2 billion yuan in 2020q3, maintaining their high speed.
Growth: 49% of the total shell trade in 2019 came from other broker brands, and more than 70% of stock exchanges were carried out through acn inter-store cooperation. The size of the enterprises of the members of the All-Wise Alliance is at the beginning, and the future moves toward three major space lanes, with market-based industries ahead.
The Bpaas service, which is a major carrier of the Wise Alliance, comprises four major systems: a standard training system, a team system, a partnership management system and a data management system for the Wise Platform.
The competitive advantage of bpaas services in the landscape has initially emerged, but it remains to be seen whether or not it can be a “shell search” for housing in the real estate industry.
2) Smart hardware: an integrated smart program based on space services that provides full-cycle management and services. Smart hardware is divided into three main categories according to the use scene. 1 Smart community: a well-planned, fully-covered community intelligence life scenario matrix that creates a safe, healthy, intelligent living space, while helping property clients to achieve a unified and efficient operating tube.
Science. 2 Smart Sites: Use of information-based tools such as real-name labour, remote real-time video, mobile video monitoring for environmental monitoring. Visualize smart management throughout the life cycle of the current project, using a platform to control multiple business systems, to achieve real security predictability Police, remote surveillance visualization, monitoring automation, management intelligence. 3 Smart Product Collections: built on space intelligence services.
Interconnected smart hardware products, covering life and work scenes such as mobile communications, security management, smart homes, equipment facilities management, community environment monitoring. Black Cat III is an unattended smart-door off-limit product as a personal access point.
It is a technology development product that combines the specific needs of community pedestrian site users and managers, and a smart door block product collection that combines the flexible core application equipment that the project actually requires. It has a variety of advantages, such as rapid access, security upgrades, scene upgrades, and visitors’ new experiences.
3) Product solutions: Create intelligent space cloud platforms based on the Platform+Ecosystem to connect everything. Product solutions build intelligent space cloud platforms based on the Platform+Ecosystem, connect everything, construct diverse chemosynthetic ecology, and fall into three main categories.
In the scenario, the platform quickly docks solutions using the accumulated scenario operations, with more than 20 access subsystems and more than 100 live-state partners: two full-space connectivity platforms: open-service platforms to attract service providers, enabling the full life-cycle operation of the platform from pre- and late-stage recruitment, which currently provides more than 200 sub-services; and three property industries.
Urban management platform: a picture of global property management and the state of facilities and equipment. Figure 71: Product solutions include three main categories of space operating systems, full space connectivity platforms and real estate urban management platforms. Spaceos: provide efficient and user-friendly pipelines services based on an all-embracing cloud operating system.
Space-based services include three main categories. 1 Pan-Property Smart: Industry-specific applications around the property industry, oriented towards in-house and external partners, building capacity in multiple areas, helping the business to quickly construct intelligent applications, such as community order management, community service management, site safety monitoring, etc.
Frequent security smartness: Integrating multiple community video surveillance, enabling community video security smartness through an AI service centre for all clouds: 3 digital compasses: cross-integrated resource compasses (persons, equipment, materials data, etc.) and asset compasses (information on equipment status, attributes, location, etc.) to form time-space compasses that trace back employee tracks, events, devices through time-space compasses
The “Stardust” operating system, which serves as an open connectivity platform, now connects 96 equipment manufacturers and a rich self-employed and third-party service. The “Stardust” operating system uses space facilities, assets, people, business activities, etc.
Access systems, the core feature of which is openness, are spatial integration infrastructure. The “Stardust” operating system uses an open architecture, with advanced peripheral calculations for equipment access to connect large numbers of hardware facility equipment, achieving low access costs and low dimensional care costs; and, in the application of access, the opening of api interfaces through a data service platform supports the development of diversified applications.
In addition to its open features, the system also has the ai-analysis capability of the “end cloud” that drives the cost and effectiveness of intelligent analysis. In addition, the Growing Everything module is a corporate incubator that continues to connect mature firms and incubates innovation.
In recent days, as a result of strategic cooperation with Shanghai-Shanghai-Long Investment Group Ltd., the joint property company formed by the two parties has been promoted to the wise alliance, and the entire cloud will actively support its listing. In the light of the above, the cloud has been at the forefront of the industry in the community, in business and in the city's three main races, and it has been promoted to the maintenance of technology services.
The future is expected to be a “shell search” in the property management industry, with an estimated market value of $200 million. The high-growth cloud, with its three main track leaders, is 14 times the average value of the current market value of the company (2020h1 *2) considering that the cloud is in three.
The main track is a leading industry with a future opportunity to become a platform-type real estate company, with an average premium of 5 per cent, with a reasonable market value of around RMB 200 billion for everything.
To create a multi-dimensional business system of “1+n” and to create a company to manage real estate platforms. Huanko, with real estate as its main business, has collaborated in the development of diversified businesses such as property, commerce, logistics, and long-lease apartments, and has built a “1+n” real-estate platform management company.
Areas such as long-lease apartments are already at the forefront of the industry, with advantages such as size, management experience, and it is more likely than expected that the industry will develop diversified operations in the future. From 2015 to 2019, the company’s revenue from sales in addition to its property increased from 5.3 billion to 4.1 logistics storage: it jumped to a national leader with strong growth dynamics in the future.
In 2014, Huanko took the lead in other traditional developers and led the establishment of the Department of Logistics Properties, a strategic layout of logistics properties; and in 2015, the Vanko Group officially launched its independent logistics brand, Van Lia. After nearly four years, it has become the leading logistics service provider in the country.
To the three most dynamic economic circles and key cities in the central and western regions, the focus is on high-mark storage investment sites, construction, commercialization, and asset management. 10,000 latitude logistics can be leased on a fast scale, with a strong potential for future growth in the area of operation.
Logistics has been established in 47 cities, obtaining 142 projects, and initially completing the nationalization of the three economic circles and key cities in the central and western regions. The number of logistics logistics warehousing projects at the latitudes of 110,000 has continued to grow steadily, from 18 to 142, with cagr as much as 80 per cent; the rental area has continued to grow steadily, from 1.47 million to 10.7 million, cagr over the same period.
As much as 77%. There are 6.16 million openings, 4.59 million in construction and planning, and an increase in future openings. The size of the 10,000-latitude logistics depots and rentalable areas are among the highest in the country.
Logistics operations are more efficient, with the opening of the 2020h10,000-latitude logistics height bank at 5.82 million, with an average rental rate of 89.1 per cent for stabilization projects; Cold storage at 340,000, with an average rental rate of 81.5 per cent for stabilization projects; 10,000-latitude logistics operations are mainly two-wheel-drive operations for high-mark storage and cold-chain logistics; and the 10,000-latitude logistics business model is high.
Storage and cold-chain logistics are dominated by the second largest warehouse in the country, and the cooler bank is the country's number one, with customers covering electricity, couriers, manufacturing, etc. 1) High-mark warehouse: the layout of the 10,000-high-mark warehouse operations in 44 major cities across the country.
A nationwide network of high-mark storage facilities has been established in the national core logistics nodes to provide clients with high-end, standardized logistics storage facilities, including investment sites, construction, vendor operations, asset management, etc. The company focuses on product quality and is committed to providing a high standard of product power services, and to developing construction firms that require themselves by nine standards to cover underground engineering works and assembly.
The company uses state-of-the-art warehouse design and refrigeration engineering technology and has a national, one-stop warehouse, trunkline, and trunk lines.
Future companies plan to continue to improve the national layout. Cover upstream port and farm warehouses, middle-stream trading warehouses, downstream distribution of warehouses and urban distribution warehouses, and achieve a one-stop supply chain service across the network, the whole scene, and the whole chain.
Miles Logistics is active in expanding technology enabling operations, creating information teams to develop logistics technology. The Vanji Information Team is committed to building an Otwb system (o order management-t transport management-w warehouse management-b billing management) to provide technical security for cold chain operations.
In May 2019, according to the cnpp data study, 10,000-latitude logistics was rated as the top ten Chinese logistics estates, second in rank, and second in rank to the logistics giant Pros. Prolos is the global logistics estate.
Pros is in absolute leadership in China, with a market share exceeding the combined 2nd to 6th place. In 2019, the 10,000-latitude logistics city reached 7.30%, a 1.60% increase from 2018, and ranked second in the industry.
1) In 2017, the company was privatized, spending 15.7 billion yuan on 21.4% equity, making it Prolos’s first shareholder. The bond between Vanko and Prolos will create a huge business synergy that will further consolidate the status of the vanko logistics estate: 2) integration of the teeming chain in 2018.
Logistics platform, accelerated deployment of the cold chain logistics national business map to upgrade the size and operational capacity of the cold chain. After the acquisition of the cold chain, the 10,000-dimensional logistics fork in the past two years has been strategic with many food companies such as Jeppe, Driberries, oranges, and phileros. Infrastructure reits have advanced to provide operational security for logistics storage.
The Commission has jointly issued a Circular on the Promotion of Work Related to the Real Estate Investment Trust (REITs) Pilot in Infrastructure, which, at the financing end, is publicly traded through the reits ' share of equity, which allows for an efficient inventory of active assets, increases the share of direct financing, and reduces enterprise leverage.
These include, inter alia, the logistics warehousing industry. The company’s 10,000-latitude logistics industry benefits from the continued promotion of reits products, which will be further strengthened in the future. The public fund-raising drive is expected to truly connect the “development-operate-fund exit-new input” loop and cross-border development of storage logistics.
Class reits are well-placed. The distribution of class reits, which is one of the products that is currently the closest to mature markets abroad, has been successfully released, meaning that the value of assets and the ability to operate professionally at 10,000 latitudes has been recognized in the market, leading to further asset development, and has been actively explored for the domestic public fund-raising reits pilot.
Looking to the future, the epidemic drives new demand for biostream storage. Home-based isolation patterns caused by new coronary pneumonia in 2020 have contributed significantly to breakthroughs in such industries as raw power suppliers, cold chain logistics, and, in the long run, to the formation of new consumption habits and new user groups in the middle age group. These will serve as catalysts for the rapid development of the future logistics storage sector, which is at 10,000 latitudes.
Logistics, as industry leader, the country's largest logistics real estate owner, pre-positioning the market, will be able to fully enjoy the high-priced storage. With regard to our high-priced warehouse market, which has been heavily dependent on power-market platforms since a few years ago, and with the accelerated deployment of electricity suppliers and couriers throughout the country, particularly in the mid-western region, the rise of the regional market economy will also create a high-value market.
Long-term space. In cold-chain logistics, cold-chain policies have become more and more frequent in recent years, with different attributes, targeting, and different levels of support for different enterprises in different areas. Policy prescriptions for industry issues also mean that cold-chain logistics is increasingly valued by national governments, and with the release of good policies, cold-chain logistics will be new.
The value of the 10,000-latitude logistics valuation, which is divided into the value of the company ' s own shares and the value of the Pros-China shares, is expected to exceed the combined market value by 70 billion yuan. 1) The value of the 10,000-latitude logistics ' own shares: according to the comparable logistics real estate companies (esr, Chinese logistics assets and South Mount Holdings), the 2020-h10,000-latitude logistics business collects 830 million yuan and, due to the lack of disclosure of net profits, the market value/collection of the comparable companies is equal.
The value is 33.4 times the standard. The value of the company's own equity is estimated at 27.7 billion yuan: 2) the value of the shares of Pros China: in 2019, the Pros China collected about 6.9 billion yuan, and the net profit of the mother was about 5.5 billion yuan, taking into account the market rate of the comparable logistics real estate company (esr, Chinese current assets and Nansan holdings) in 2019, which was valued at 36 times the value of the shares of Pros China at about 205.2 billion yuan.
In August 2016, Huanko, with 21.4 per cent of the shares in Prolos, held a total value of about 43.9 billion yuan. Thus, the total value of logistics under the banner of Huanko is estimated to be approximately 4.2 business development operations: maintaining steady growth, leading the industry.
A limited number of partners (i), with 50 per cent priority partners and 40 per cent general partners, including Vankespv, a fully-owned fully-owned subsidiary of Vankespv, acquired 96.5 per cent of the Indian Group ' s shares at $12.87 billion and became its core shareholders and built it into a platform for the management of commercial real estate development (not yet listed).
The Triwater Foundation acquired 20 commercial projects in the country with $8.36 billion. As of 2020h1, India operated 108 projects covering more than 50 cities, focusing on Beijing, Shanghai, Hangzhou, Guangzhou, Wuhan, and Xian's six major print companies, which created four lines of mature commercial products.
Regional crowds, location of regional shopping centres, creation of Imaging City; 2) local grouping of households, location of segment shopping centres, creation of impressions: 3) large urban conglomerates, location of mega-business centres/destination businesses, creation of an Imaging City mega; 4) community grouping of family members, location of community businesses, creation of impressions. Four product lines complement each other.
The size of the business management area has remained steady and there are still significant growth dynamics. The size of the business management area of the 2017-2020h1 company (including the printing group) has increased from 10 million to 13.7 million. In recent years, under the strategy of “focusing on convergence and consolidation of the upgrading base”, business operations have continued to be optimized, displacing non-principal operations and some minor assets, such as hotels, writing buildings, etc.
Projects to focus further on the operation and upgrading of shopping centres. 2020h1 has opened 8.36 million commercial projects, planning and construction of 5.43 million commercial projects, accounting for 39% of the total management area, and there are still stronger rules for the future. Companies actively explore asset securitization and issue multiple cmbs products.
In November 2019, the company launched a business investment fund with an impression of 3 billion yuan. In November 2020, the company successfully completed its bookkeeping programme, the Sino-Sino-Sino Portfolio Asset Support Project, which provided sufficient financial resources for business follow-up.
The size of the company and the size of the collection are among the highest in the industry. The 2020h1 company is already operating at 8.36 million locations, and is among the leading commercial real estate operators in the country; during the same period, it collected $3.05 billion, which is slightly less than China’s luxuries, and is higher than commercial real estate operators, such as Lake Long and New Town, and the company’s commercial size is among the top in the industry.
The company operates more efficiently, but there is still room for improvement. The 2020h1 company has a single rent of $61 per square month, in the mainstream.
(b) The 2020h1 company has a 90.6 per cent rental rate and is downstream of the industry, higher than 87.1 per cent of the Bolong business, but lower than high-quality commercial companies such as Huayun, Dragon Lake and New Town, and there is still room for improvement in the future.
Taking into account the area of management and valuation levels of the printing group, the valuation is expected to be slightly more than $50 billion. Based on a 30-fold discount on the commercial dynamics of Starling, a net interest rate of 29 per cent is estimated at 30 per cent net interest rate of $3.05 billion in 2020h1 and $6.1 billion in 2020 and $1.8 billion in net profit, taking into account the industrial status and operational capacity of the printing group.
4.3 Long-rented apartments: the size-leading industry, exploring a profit-making model
The rental flats have been installed in 33 cities, with a cumulative total of about 127,000 (an additional 17,000 in 2020h1), 81% of which are located in 14 major cities with an average rental rate of 90% for six months and more. With excellent service management capacity, the flats have won the title “Ten Good Operators of the Year of China's Concentrated Long-Led Apartments” for the year 2018-2019.
The size of the long-lease apartment market depends on the size of the rental market because of the availability of alternative rental products. In recent years, rental of apartments has grown rapidly in line 1 or 2 cities, and its demand has been supported mainly by: (1) second-line urban population mobility.
Large, mobile population rejuvenation, long stay and long-term housing needs; (2) high prices of first-line urban housing, which exceeds the monthly wage load of most young people, and relatively low rents, making rental housing the only way to solve the housing problem for most young people without housing: (3) as the concept of consumer upgrading is gradually spreading among the new generation of young people, the demand for home purchases is further reduced,
In 2016, the central economic workshop proposed, for the first time, the establishment of a rental-purchased housing system and the development of a specialized business based on rental housing.
The Housing Tenancy and Sales Regulation (Application Draft), published by the Ministry of Housing in May of that year, is the first legislation in the country to be devoted specifically to rental and sale of housing, with a focus on how to safeguard the rights and interests of tenants, and will help regulate the behaviour of the various parties in the rental market and promote rapid and healthy development of the rental market.
The " Opinions on accelerating the nurturing and development of the rental market for housing " published by the Office of the State Council and the " Circular on accelerating the development of the rental market for housing in large and medium-sized cities with net population inflows " issued by nine ministries, including the Ministry of Housing and Construction in July 2017, together constitute the top-level design of the rental market, from encouraging institutional participation, increasing supply, tax incentives, financial policies and strengthening supervision, respectively.
The introduction of “rent-purchases and acquisitions” reflects a policy-oriented approach to the development of the rental market. At the same time, the macro-positioning of “housing” has encouraged the development of the housing rental market since the nineteenth century.
In the silver age, many housing companies have made a strategic transition, and long-rented apartments have become an important battleground for their new business, while at the same time generating significant income and capital. In addition to Vanko's “browing” apartment, many mainstream housing companies have launched their own long-rent apartment brands, including the “crown” in Dragon Lake, the “crowd” in Xin, the “suspent” in Goldfield, the “inhabited” in German Xin, the ocean.
And among these brands, Vanko's "bottle" is still in the forefront, with 2020h10000 of the opening and managing industry number one, with over 125,000 operating and over 180,000 managing. The Dragon Lake Crown and the Xing Fiang Landing are ranked second and third, respectively. According to available data, the Vankom is well-known in terms of the size of the operation.
In terms of size, the renter’s apartment is clearly divided, with the Vankobo and Dragon Lake crowns accounting for more than 60% of the size of the company’s top10 brand. Long-rent flats are thundering, and the industry’s profit model remains to be explored.
In Guangzhou, and elsewhere, multiple parents rent apartments, etc., with problems such as thunder, eggshells, and friends’ apartments, and so on. The financial situation of long-term rental apartment operators has long been problematic, and the epidemic has led to a sharp rise in the vacancy rate of long-lease apartments, which has accelerated the exposure of industry problems.
This is also one of the reasons why the country has now introduced rules to regulate the rental market, but the industry’s profit model still needs to continue to be explored, and we use the divisional valuation method for a full valuation of the Vanko business: 1) everything is valued at $200 billion and the Vanko is held.
Sixty-three per cent of the stock of all the clouds, and the value of all the clouds can contribute $12.6 billion;) total $71.6 billion for logistics and Pros, with Vanko holding 100 per cent of all the shares in logistics, and the value of the logistics plate can contribute $71.6 billion for all; 3) real estate development operations are valued at nav, with each share of the 10,000 development business at $36.16 million, and Vanko real estate at nav.
Thus, taking into account the interests of diversified operations, corporate diversification can contribute to a total valuation of 1976 billion Dragon Lake Group and Shimu Group, taking into account that companies have tod and city renewal breakthroughs in real estate development operations, and that property, logistics and commerce are among the leading industries and are highly competitive, based on an average valuation of 7.55 times that of comparable companies.
1) Real estate policy management risks; 2) sales and refunds risks below expectations; 3) diversification of business risks below expectations;
No compensation of any kind will be obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.