Resurveillance medicine (600196) pharmaceutical organisms perform less than expected, and innovation brings hope to the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: Annual company reports in 2018, generating operating income of $24.918 billion, an increase of 34.45 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $2.708 billion, a decrease of 13.3 per cent over the same year; net profit to non-return to mothers of $2.09 billion, a significant increase in revenue, but affected by research and development inputs, losses in subsidiaries and equity participation, and interest growth,
The growth in income from core products, the contribution of new M & A firms and the expansion of medical services have led to a sharp increase in corporate operating income, which, after the elimination of new M & A firms in 2017, has increased by 20.4% over the same period, while revenues from drug research and development manufacturing have increased by 18.9 billion yuan over the reporting period, or 41.6% over the same period.
Rapidly significant; revenues from medical services and instruments and diagnostic plates were 2.6 billion yuan and $3.6 billion, respectively, a slight slowdown, with an increase of 22.7 per cent and 13.2 per cent, respectively, compared with the increase of 22.7 per cent and 13.2 per cent, respectively, in the management of medical equipment and the active expansion of the distribution and retail network of medicines, resulting in revenue of $344.5 billion during the reporting period, an increase of 11.7 per cent in R & D and R.
While the company ' s recurrent losses and losses have declined as a result of higher business layouts, higher interest rates, lower profits of the O-Rong Pharmacy subsidiary and the readiness of the breas to write off goodwill, the cost of spending on shares in the company during the reporting period has also had a significant impact on the growth of the company ' s performance during the reporting period.
The decrease of 108 per cent in asset disposal earnings over the same period is the main reason for the decline in the company ' s non-recurrent gains and losses. In addition, the company ' s operating losses have increased in the current year as a result of factors such as the pre-investment phase of the conglomerates of reinstallation Kate, visualization, etc., and the relatively high pre-construction investment in the new Hospital Hospital.
With the single resistance entering the harvest period, car-t is expected to make substantial progress this year, i.e., accelerating the launch of the evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency, and running the innovation incubation platform. The company is currently in the research and development investment phase, with research and development costs of 1.5 billion yuan over the reporting period, an increase of 44.1% over the same period.
For the first time in the reporting period, the Hong Kong product Litto Veterans (Han Likang) was submitted for listing in China and has now been approved for listing: the Kuttobi, Adamu and Beifang are both entering the clinical stage, obtaining clinical batches for the country in September of the year, and the bridge bridge test is expected to be completed in 2019 and will be China's first listing in China.
Car-t products. There has also been a significant increase in research and development inputs for small molecular innovations, with nine products currently approved for clinical trials on mainland China.
Prices, laying the foundation for companies to benefit from the future benefits of national drug pricing policies. 3) Innovation incubators: In recent years, companies have promoted innovation research and development through the creation of innovation incubators, which are now operational, such as ReStart, Novelstar and others.
Profit forecasts and ratings. With lower than expected performance in 2018, we have revised our profit projections downwards, and based on strong growth in the public sector, the continued advancement of research and development for new products is expected to contribute to higher corporate valuations and maintain “the risk of purchasing joint business performance or continued decline”.
1. Anti-Starry Medicine (600196): The first bio-like drug in China was approved to validate the company ' s R & D strength
Overseas interests, re-evidence of biopharmaceutical research and development (2018-06-22) No. No.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment consultancy business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC). There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions, silence, or restrictions on the use of securities evaluated or recommended in this report, in the knowledge of the company and the authors, if you are not a professional investor in the company's clientele, in order to control investment risk, cancel receiving, subscription or using any information in this report.
The information, opinions and assumptions reflect the company’s judgement on the date of publication of this report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report.
At different times, the company may issue reports that are inconsistent with the information, observations, and assumptions contained in this report, and the company does not guarantee that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. At the same time, the information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should take care of the corresponding updates or modifications.