Anti-star medicine (600196): short-term pressure on performance, innovation medicine entering harvest period, 34.45 per cent more than year-on-year; net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies, 2,708 million more than year-on-year increase - 13.33 per cent more; net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies, withholding
Companies maintain good growth at the end of their earnings, good operating cash flow and more stable sales of their products. The profit end has seen a decline in net profits as a result of increased R&D inputs, losses in joint ventures and equity holdings, and reduced proceeds from asset disposal.
• Rapid growth of the pharmaceutical plate. During the reporting period, the company’s pharmaceutical plate generated 186.1 million yuan, an increase of 41.57 per cent over the same period, excluding comparable contributions from new mergers and acquisitions of vascular systems, central nervous systems, blood systems, metabolic and digestive systems, resistance
In the core areas of dyeing, anti-cancer control, 1.852 billion yuan (+43.27 per cent) and raw materials, 1.301 billion yuan (-8.79 per cent), respectively, mainly due to price adjustments for amino acid. In 2018, corporate pharmaceutical plates sold more than a billion single formulations.
Of the total of 29 items, non-buzz, pythaltin, sulfur-rich sulfate and vangumicillin sales increased by 146 per cent, 213 per cent, 37 per cent and 80 per cent, respectively. In addition, during the reporting period, the company’s medical diagnostic and medical device plates and medical services were increased by 46 per cent, 37 per cent and 80 per cent, respectively.
The plate also maintained a relatively steady growth of $3.639 billion in operating income, and the total number of projects developed by companies during the reporting period, including new medicines, imitations, bio-like drugs and consistent evaluation of imitations, was 215, of which 15 were small molecular innovations, bio-inventives, etc.
In February 2019, the company ' s Litosha single anti-injection fluid (Hanleycomb) was marketed as the first biological class to be approved in the country. The company currently has three mono-antibiotic analogues and three insulin organisms.
In the six months following the report, the securities rose or fell in relation to the 300 index of depth.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.