The first bio-like drug in China was approved to validate the company's research and development capabilities, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Incident: The company issued a public announcement, and on 22 February, the National Drug Surveillance Authority approved a request for the listing of the Litoque anti-injection fluid (commodity name: Han Likang) developed by the Hodgham Biology Pharmaceuticals Ltd. in Shanghai; the drug was the first biologically similar drug approved in the country and was used mainly for the treatment of non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
One-stop research and development is strong, leading to a breakthrough in domestic bio-like drugs. The one-clon antibodies developed by Han Likang for the company itself, mainly for treatment of non-Hoochkin lymphoma, rheumatism arthritis.
According to the latest data from iqviachpa, in 2017, the amount of anti-injection fluid sold in China was approximately 1.73 billion yuan. Based on the predictions of the efficacy of medicines, the incidence of adaptive diseases, the penetration rate, pricing, and the timing of competitions, we expect the sale of Han Likang.
Billion dollars to demonstrate firm support for new drug development and stringent requirements for new drug quality. In addition, the company is working on a variety of curvature, Adamwood and Beacon antibiotic-like drugs into the clinical stage, and against bioinnovatives such as vegfr2 resistance, egfr resistance, and pd-1 resistance are in the clinical stage.
In the advanced countries of Europe and the United States, innovations in pharmaceutical technology have often occurred, and large pharmaceutical companies have achieved technological overcrowding through M&As.
A lot. In my country, the company is the pole of a growth industry. Some investors are now concerned about the negative impact of the separate listing of the central subsidiary, the restarry, but we think that even if the reintroduction is about to release some of its shares, its M & A capacity will enable it to continue its M & A in the future.
Short-term performance is declining, and it is now expected to hit the jackpot. New products such as high growth in R & D costs, state-restricted assistive drugs, and mono-resistance are on the market, and corporate performance will improve.
A sustained push is expected to boost corporate valuation and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
(b) Overseas interests, reproven strength of biopharmaceutical research and development (2018-06-22)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.