Utility Wirtschaftsprüfer (002049) Electronics, integration of smart card industrial chains into fpga New Race, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center
The business covers five main tracks, with a sustained high rate of growth: the purple light country is a leading domestic firm in the fields of smart safety chips, high-stability storage chips, fpga, power semiconductor devices, superstitious crystal frequency devices, etc. Over the past five years, the company has grown at an average annual rate of 22 per cent compound growth, with its operating income of 2,458 million yuan in 2018, a year-on-year increase.
It is 34.3% long, largely benefiting from the revival of the smart and safe chip industry and the rapid growth of storage operations. The relatively high Māori ratio in the light country’s small collection structure has gradually increased, with core operations moving from crystal components to chip design.
Business structures continue to be optimized, and profitability is expected to increase: (1) Smart Safety Chips: The company, as a leading firm in the area of smart security chips, has long held a leading position in simcards, esim, and financials. The company is expected to perform better in the future as national substitution accelerates. (2) Storage chips: subject to downstream control.
As surrogate capacity limits, storage operations cannot achieve economies of scale in the short term, and net profits are negative and have an impact on business continuity, UVS has a small intention to transfer 100% of the shares of its subsidiary, Xi'an's Xiang's kernel to Utility's subsidiary, Utility Storage, both to reduce the pressure on Utility's microfinance investment and to improve Utility's hair.
The interest rate drops in the current situation, which in turn provides sufficient financial support for the storage operation. 3. Special integrated circuits: Special integrated circuit operations in the violet state are in the vanguard of the industry such as special microprocessors, special fpga, special storage units, etc., with the steady increase in our military spending, the potential for growth of the operation is enormous.
• Fpga’s research and development is progressing well, and the future is promising: fpga’s high programming flexibility, short development cycles, and high productivity in parallel calculations, making it more promising in terms of ai, 5g, auto electrons, and cloud computing. The Purple emblem is a leading domestic fpga business, strongly supported by government subsidies, and its high performance titan
A series of fpga produced in volume, using a fully autonomous system structure and mainstream advanced manufacturing processes, with ddr3 and pcie interfaces, which are the fewer tens of thousands of class fpga in the country.
An initial purchase price of $18 billion and an estimated premium of 5-6% will be used to purchase 100% of the combined share of the UIF technology held by UVG at a price of $35.51. With this acquisition, UVN's smart security chip operation will be implemented.
From the smart safety chip design to the rfid antenna, completes the "chip design-microlinker manufacturing-module assembly-rfid mounds and antennas" iccard manufacturing key industrial node layouts and achieves the "chip design-microconnector production-module production" triangulation.
$M. Given the full acceleration of the nationalization of smart card chips, the start of civilian fpga production and the synergy of the smart security chip business after the UVA acquisition was completed, the company was valued 84 times the risk that the power semiconductor operation had not yet achieved mass production; and that the acquisition of UVP was not as high as expected.
A domestic chip design lead company, secure chips, storage chip taps, 1.1 company sizes are growing rapidly and product structure is moving up to the top.
The lower semiconductor industry listed companies, which focus on integrated circuit chip design and development, are leading integrated circuit chip products and solution providers, whose products and applications are available both domestically and internationally, and are already in the lead market in core business areas such as smart safety chips, high-stability memory chips, safe self-employment, power semiconductor devices, superstitious crystal frequency devices, etc.
The name of the company has been changed four times, namely, crystal-source electronics, co-lined cores, purple-light cores, purple-light State microscopics, and the crystal-source electronics period: 2001, with the creation of crystal-source electronics, a leading military company in the field of domestic voltage electron components.
In 2005, crystal-sourced electronics was officially listed in a deep-seated shop, becoming the first company to be listed in the same industry. In 2005, crystal-distributed shares acquired 100% of the Beijing commomet (now known as the Beijing purple microelectronics), in the field of layout intelligence and security chips. In August 2012, the name of the company was changed from “crystal-source electronics” to “same-state cores” in December 2012.
This month, the same national core issued shares to acquire 100% of the Shenzhen logo electronics and moved into the special integrated circuits area. In 2013, the same national core's subsidiary, Shenzhen, set up a fully-owned company with a national core (now known as the same purple light), and set up a fpga domain. In 2014, the same national core, a fully-owned subsidiary, the Beijing Co-insignor Electronics, set up a fully-owned subsidiary with no tin-associated microelectronics (now known as the same-name).
In 2015, the same country core acquired the Xianhua core semiconductor (now known as the Xian purple core), the layout memory chip business, and the purple country core period: in 2016, the company acquired 36.7% of the shares of the same country core.
First, the same national core will be renamed the “violet core” and then the purple core will be changed to the “violet State micro.” Currently, with 30.7 per cent of the shares of the Tibet Purple Springs Investment Company Ltd. under the flag of the Purple Group Ltd., there is no other company or individual holding more than 5 per cent of the shares.
One hundred and fifty subsidiaries are active and five operations are growing. The UV country has expanded its integrated circuit operations and storage operations through multiple strategic mergers and acquisitions, and its five chip operations (intelligent safe chips, special integrated circuits, memory chips, fpga, semiconductor power devices) are carried out by each of the five subsidiaries.
Smart Security Chips: Beijing co-mingled microelectronics are responsible for the UV microscopic smart security chip business. Beijing co-opt microelectronics was founded in 2001 as a professional integrated circuit design company initiated by the co-owned and Qinghua Holdings, and is a domestic smart security company. Beijing co-ops are mainly engaged in the design, development and marketing of integrated circuits and providing system solutions.
More than 50 items of proprietary technology have been developed for the development of nuclear chips dedicated to smart cards and rfid electronic tags in the areas of identification, telecommunications operations, financial transactions, forgery prevention, and logistics. Corporate products have been widely used in a wide range of areas, such as identification, public transport, small payments and electronic ticketing, with a cumulative output of more than 500 million.
Special integrated circuits: Shenzhen State microelectronics perform special integrated circuit operations in the purple country. Shenzhen State microelectronics were established in 1993 and are mainly engaged in special integrated circuit development, production and marketing. The products cover high-performance microprocessors, high-performance programmable devices, storage devices, busware, interface drives, power source chips, and can also be used for users.
An integrated circuit design company for the design development service for asic/soc and a chip-level solution for national production systems, the first-ever national “909” project. The company’s research and development team has extensive chip design experience and over 28nm chip design capability; readyeda
On a tool and high-performance hardware platform, based on today ' s advanced chip design process, the company has developed over 200 products that cover the needs of various industries, such as aviation, space, electronics, ships, etc., and has established strategic partnerships with a wide range of industry-focused firms in the country that have won broad market recognition and reputation.
Storage chip: The Xian purple core semiconductor is responsible for the Xian Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang, which was set up in Xian as the German English Flying Arts Repository, with product coverage of consumer electronics, car electronics related dram chips and modules, as well as the ip service design and memory testing service operation, which is the only domestic product.
fpga: Shenzhen Purple and Electronics perform fpga in the UV micro-business. Purple and Genesis specializes in the development and marketing of programmable logic devices (fpga, cpld, etc.), product markets cover communication networks, information security, and manual work.
In the fields of intelligence, data centres, and industrial networking. Application software, ip nuclear, solutions, etc., of the titan (fpga) series of co-inventable programming systems, applications for pgt180h, continued to improve and products have been successfully introduced into the country’s well-known communications system manufacturers and into project programmes of clients in various fields; and the logos series of fpga new products have been developed and developed.
The development of samples in the field of industrial and consumer electronics is well under way and is expected to be completed during the year. Semiconductor power units: non-tin-violet microelectronics perform semiconductor power in the country. Tin-violet microelectrics are a design development that focuses on advanced semiconductor power units and integrated circuits, chip processing, encapsulation testing and product marketing.
Integrated circuit design companies. Products developed and produced by companies such as sjmosfet, dtmosfet, hvvdmos, igbt, igto, halfbridgegatedriver and associated power-management integrated circuits are widely applied to energy conservation, green lighting, wind power, smart grids, hybrid \ electric cars, instrumentation, consumer power.
Figure 3: Five major chip operations, 1.3 operating income has grown steadily, while revenue collection structures have been optimized consistently since 2014, with a modest operating income in UV countries growing steadily. However, in 2016, operating income increased.
The pace showed a certain decline, mainly due to two factors: first, the domestic market for smart and safe chip operations, the high homogenization of products, and the marked decline in the Māori ratio of products due to intense competition in middle-end product markets. Second, the continued low demand in the rock crystal market, the continuing decline in the price of products sold, and the severe decline in product orders in the purple light country.
On top of that, there has been a significant decline in product sales and income. First, in the case of smart safety chip operations, the performance of small Simcards in the purple country has continued to rise, driven by the need to upgrade the 4g network in the South-East Asian, Latin American and African markets.
Micro has already reached the level of supply in major commercial banks, and market shares are rising. Second, in the case of crystalline operations, there has been a steady increase in sales as the demand for connectivity has grown in the areas of telecommunications and network equipment, automobile electronics, industrial control, etc., and the demand for crystal products has been warming, the demand for small orders in the purple-light countries has been full, and the volume of products sold has increased significantly, and sales revenue has increased steadily over the same period.
Third, in 2017q1-2018q3, the storage chip market was in high demand, but major international plants were in a process of conversion, with a gradual increase in product excellence in the purple country, resulting in an oversupply of products and a high price for the storage chip. In 2017, there was a significant decrease in the net return profit in the purple country, mainly due to an increase in operating income.
The level of Māori in the purple country has declined, while the company's three rates have remained essentially unchanged. The central reason for the decline in Māori in the purple country has been two factors: first, the Māori rate for the storage chip fell from 18.3 per cent in 2016 to 7.1 per cent in 2017, a subsidiary of the Cyan purple core is just a workabless factory with no crystal circle manufacturing capacity.
First, the capture of crystal-circle capacity, resulting in significant price increases in crystal-crystal manufacturing plants, and poor bargaining power in purple countries due to limited production capacity, has resulted in excessive operating cost pressures; secondly, the storage of chips has gradually increased in terms of the weight of the micro-harvesting structure in purple-light countries, from 14 per cent (2016) to a high Maori rate in the micro-harvesting structure of purple-light countries in 2014-2015 (intellectual card cores).
The core business has been fully shifted from crystal components to chip design; in 2016-2018, as a result of the addition of chip storage operations and faster harvests of chip storage, the total share of chip storage has increased significantly, the integrated circuit operation has seen a steady increase in revenue and the total yield ratio is declining, and the smart security chip operation has increased significantly.
The ratio of revenues has remained generally stable, and the rate of Māori in the special integrated circuit operation has continued to increase in terms of the Māori rate per product, mainly because of the technical advantages of the UV country in the field of special microprocessors, special fpga, special storage units, applications in space, special equipment, radar, etc.
The growth in R & D costs has continued to grow steadily, as a result of the rapid increase in the harvests in 2017-2018 in UV countries.
R & D costs as a share of revenue have declined slightly. Three fees as a share of operating income have remained largely stable in Purple, with a sudden rise in management costs in 2016 mainly due to a decline in operating income in 2016.2 Three major M & As operations are booming and the market is promising
2.1 The intelligent security chip leads the way, and the esim card offers infinite opportunities. The smart card, also known as the integrated circuit card, i.e., the ic card, embeds the integrated circuit chip in a plastic matrix, in the form of a card, enables data storage, transmission, processing, etc., and is widely used in telecommunications sim cards, mobile payments, residential health.
The difference between a magnetic tape card and a magnetic tape card is that it records information through a magnetic recording medium on the surface of the card, while an integral circuit in the card contains information with better confidentiality and greater storage capacity.
The UV microchip business is run by the subsidiary Beijing Co-Cycle Microelectronics Ltd., and its products are divided into smart card chips and smart security chips, with smart card chips divided into contact chips, two interface chips, smart terminal chips divided into card reader chips, and usb-key chips.
While operating income from smart security chip operations has been steadily increasing since 2014, the growth rate of business income in 2016 has shown a more marked decline, mainly as a result of lower product prices due to strong competition in the smart security chip market, which has led to a decline in the collection of smart security chips and in the level of the Māori rate.
Further, while the average price of the industry's ic card continued to rise, the level of Māori in the smart security chip continued its downward trend, demonstrating the intensity of competition in the smart security chip market, but in 2017-2018 there were excellent harvests in the micro-violet smart security chip business, reflecting the ability of the purple country to respond to intense competition.
In 2003, it became China’s first-generation personal identity card-specific chip partnership; in 2005, it had a large non-contact cpucard chip with microelectronics.
The scale should be applied to Shenyang bus; in 2008, the market for the sim card chip with co-core microelectronics reached China ' s top, and in the Beijing Olympics, exclusive responsibility for the electronic ticket chip, the electronic document chip and the radio frequency chip with the reader; in 2009, the co-chip digital I.D. card chip market reached more than 70 per cent; and in 2012, the co-core micro-successor national health card for residents.
In 2016, coker microelectronics became the first internationally certified cceal5+ company in the country, gaining a greater advantage on the financial security chip; in 2019, co-core microelectronics passed the Esim test and will be connected to 5g, the object, as the national informationization process accelerates, the demand for information consumption is increasing, and the card is on the traditional magnet.
The replacement of the card will continue, and the future multifunctional application of the card will be the direction of future smart card technology development, and the advancement of the "one-carat" and "multi-functional" cards will become an indistinguishable link in the development of today's information society. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the downstream industries of the card, such as banking, communications, transportation, etc., are now running faster.
According to preliminary projections, the size of the market will exceed $32 billion by 2022. Thanks to financial sector standards, such as the Financial Card Industry ' s One Card Application Code, banks ' ic card chips are home-grown.
In 2016, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security referred to “one person, one card” and “information aggregate” in the 2020 Plan of Action of the Internet+People's Society, placing greater demands on the need for chip cards and on information security. As the country's core chip design technology and production capacity are growing, the purple light is becoming the next generation.
Esim cards, ebeded-sim, are embedded in the sim card. The concept of the esim card is to embed the traditional sim card directly into the device chip instead of adding it to the device as an independent removalable component, without the user having to insert the physical sim card.
The embedded safety chip is a future trend, according to the world’s first producer of smart card chips. At present, Esim is not widely available in the country, but, with the rise of the Internet, the unique national esim technology of co-source microelectronics will play an increasingly important role in future mobile communications operations, taking on forensics, encryption, etc.
2.2 Co-operation with Utility Group layout storage operations, stripping storage operations to optimize profit structures
In 2006, with the global division of British flying technology, the Western Anglophone technology storage facility began to operate independently and was renamed Chimunda Technology; in 2009, the Wave Group acquired Chimunda Technology and renamed it Xianhua Twilight Semiconductor Ltd.: 2015 and 2017, Purple Light Nation.
So, in October 2018, the Utility State proposed to transfer 100% of the fully-owned Uttar Pradesh semiconductor shares to Beijing, a fully-owned subsidiary of the Utility Group.
Storage Technology Ltd., which helps to ease the pressure on the financial input of the purple emblem, to escape the effects of the low Maori rate of storage operations and to improve the decline in the company ' s Māori rate. (As of 2019q1, the combined finance that is still incorporated into the light country is divided into dram, eccdram, dram module, dramkgd, nad.)
Five types of flash, of which dram and eccdram are mainly used for industrial controls, car computers, computers, etc., dramkgd is mainly aimed at high-quality crystal circle customers, and Nandflash can be used for mobile phones, notebooks, and digital cameras.
However, since 2017, there has been a significant decline in the Māori ratio of storage units and the fact that the low Māori rate remained unchanged in 2018, mainly due to the rise in market prices in dram from 2016 to 2017, the strong demand for replacements from designers and, on the one hand, the competition among major designers for crystal-crystal capacity in a market with fewer drams and all foreign manufacturers.
The crystal circle manufacturing plant raises prices significantly; on the other hand, the tiny storage chip business in the purple country is very small because of the limited scale of production, and the market occupancy rate is very low, which is not conducive to product cost control. The dram industry needs lower crystal manufacturing costs, and it requires good synergy on behalf of the plant.
In order to improve the financial situation and to ensure the healthy development of storage operations in the purple light country, the purple light company, which intends to transfer storage operations to the purple light group, is a sensible way to ease the financial pressure in the purple country and to provide adequate financial support for storage operations.
Currently, the storage industry of the Purple Group has three components: storage chip, storage unit, downstream product. The storage chip layout of the Purple Group can be divided into three components: storage chip design, manufacture, sealing. In the storage chip setup, the Purple Group has the only mainstream ddram research and development team in the country, producing ddr4, which is further reduced.
It's a distance from the international lead; in terms of storage chip manufacturing, in 2016 the Purple Light Group controlled a limited storage of Wuhan Yangtze, and in Chengdu, Nanjing, signed up to a total investment of nearly $100 billion in storage chip and memory manufacturing plant, where the Yangtze stored 3dnand monthly production capacity of 300,000 pieces, and Chengdu and Nanjing's crystal mills will produce 3dnand and
Dram, the future monthly production will amount to 200,000 pieces; in the storage of chip seals, the Purple Group holds a 30% share in Shanghai macros, silicon technology (Suzhou), and the layout of integrated circuit containment.
Utility group affiliates store purple light in the field of granules, embedded storage, ssd, and safe storage in industry leading: Utility group controls the development and manufacture of light in Suzhou focusing on ssd. In hardware systems, Utility west data is in the forefront of the industry in dynamic sea mass storage systems, full supply flash storage systems, distributed cloud storage systems.
The downstream product layout of the Purple Group can be divided into two components: downstream product development, cloud programmes. In downstream product development, Xinhua San uses cloudnet integration as a technology strategy for continuous innovation in key technological areas such as a whole series of servers, storage, networks, security, super-integration systems and ant management system, and in routers, switches, household storage, network operating systems.
With regard to the cloud programme, the purple industrial cloud, using the capabilities of the Xinhua triad cloud computing solutions and the operational advantages of the Xinhua cloud count, has built industrial goods networking platforms, industrial big data platforms, industrial applications enablers platforms. Since then, the purple industrial storage business constitutes an industrial closed circle from the "store chip" to the "violet industrial cloud" and is relatively strong.
Technical advantages, cost advantages and synergies. 2.3 Substitution acceleration in national production, special integrated circuit Māori uplifting rates. Special integrated circuit operations in small UV countries are under the responsibility of their subsidiary Shenzhen Microelectronics, whose products include: special microprocessors, special microprocessors.
Special programmable devices, special storage units, special busses and interfaces, special power circuits, special sopc, custom chip, etc. The products of Shenzhen's logo electronics cover aeronautical, space, electronic, ship, high performance requirements, high customer sticky, high industry entry thresholds, and are in the lead in the country in special fpga, special storage chips.
In 2013-2018, the integrated circuit operation of the Shenzhen emblem maintained a relatively rapid upward trend, which was a healthy development as a result of faster harvests in previous years and slower growth in 2017.
Government subsidies to make circuits account for more than 30% of the total government subsidies added in the UV country in 2015, of which the share is higher as a result of our accelerated promotion of autonomous alternative programmes, the construction of a secure and controlled information technology system, special integrated circuits as a core strategic resource for the country, with great potential for future markets. Military spending has steadily increased, with total military spending in 2018 compared to 2017.
Despite the fact that military spending has risen steadily over the years in terms of the total, and is ranked second in the world in terms of military spending, the per capita and relative targets for national defence spending and the share of military spending in gdp are still low.
Our share of military spending is only 1.3 per cent, well below 3.3 per cent in the United States, 1.9 per cent in the United Kingdom and 2.1 per cent in France, and our share of military spending is also significant compared to countries and regions around Asia and the Pacific, with the ratio of military spending to the ratio of military expenditure to the ratio of military expenditure to the ratio of military expenditure in the Republic of Korea to 2.6 per cent in 2015.
Since the share of military expenditures in the military component of the United States increased to around 2 per cent, the size of China ' s economy and world trends, in contrast to the horizontal scale, offer real possibilities for the growth of military spending in our country, which will also provide unlimited opportunities for the specialized integrated circuit industry.
Figure 32: Share of national military expenditures in gdp in 2015 3
fpga, an on-site programming door array, is the product of a step-by-step development based on programmable devices such as pal, gal, cpld. It is a semi-custody circuit in the area of dedicated integrated circuits, which addresses both the inadequacy of custom-made circuits and the limited number of programmed device portal circuits.
The fpga has three advantages: first, high programming flexibility. The fpga is semi-custody. In theory, if the doorway provided by the fpga is large enough, the logical function of any asic and dsp can be achieved by programming.
Second, the development cycle is short. fpga does not need wiring, masking, custom flow, etc., and the chip development process is simplified. The traditional asic and soc design cycles average 14 to 24 months, and the development time with fpga can be averaged.
The main frequency is low, but for some special tasks, there are a large number of relatively low-speed parallel units compared to a small number of high-efficiency units, while the global market of fpga has a "two small" pattern. The "two" are Cyrus and altera, with a major layout of 5 g and ai, with programming logic devices, programmable logic technology with software tools, intellectual property rights (IP) and technical services.
Together, they account for 87 per cent of the market share; “Small” refers to lattice and microsemi, where lattice is primarily oriented towards the iot market, while microsemi focuses mainly on the aerospace and military-industrial markets.
5g, industrial Internet, smart cars, data centres, i.e., the outbreak of downstream demand, the future fpga market size.
The titan chip is the company's first million-grade high-performance fpga product, which is fully self-generated.
The main property rights architecture and 40nm mainstream process, with up to 180,000 programmable logical resources with innovative and adaptable logical resources, specialized logical units (clm), dedicated 18kb storage units (drm), arithmetic processing units (apm), high-speed serial interfaces, modules (hsst), multifunctional high-performance Io and rich time-hour resources, supported modules such as pcie 1.0/2, ddr3, etc.
High-speed interfaces like the Ethernet. It can be widely applied in such market areas as communication networks, video images, and information security. The logos chip series is a high-value fpga product that companies have introduced, using a fully autonomous structure and advanced processes that are currently the most integrated fpga product under the 40nm process worldwide, with 15 k to 50 k programmable.
Series module, embedded ddr3 hard core, supports interfaces such as 1.25 gbpslvds, mipid-phy, and supports software error detection and correcting. It can be applied in areas such as industrial control, object networking, consumer electronics, and is the ideal option for high-level bridging applications in consumer-type products, led-controlled cards and industrial automation applications.
The compact series of products is a company ' s roll-out of cpld products, which is built using a fully autonomous system of ownership under the flash process, specifically designed to meet low-capacity, low-cost client requirements to accelerate the market entry of customer products, with 1k~7k programmable logic module, supporting a rich interface of mipi, lvds, i2c, spi, osc, Ram, and pll.
Supports the software error detection and correcting function of the Ram, which is rich in functionality and competitive in replacing all 3.3vcpld, low-power fpga products available in the industry. It is used mainly in the market areas of communications, industrial and physical networking, consumer electronics.
A large-scale fpga development software with autonomous intellectual property rights could support the design and development of tens of thousands of class fpga devices, support the industry standard development process, and achieve a full set of implosions from rtl to the configuration of data stream generation downloads.
In the one area, fpga dominates the extrapolation phase. The current market for artificial intelligence comes mainly from “training” needs, but demand from “inference” (including data centres and peripherals) will continue to be rapid since 2019.
In the area of wireless communications, fpga is the primary chip of the 5g base station rru, which is mainly digitally treated with medium-frequency.
As communication technology continues to evolve, there is an increasing demand for bandwidth in the numbers, requiring a degree of flexibility from the rru, which is more “programmable” than isic, fpga.
3.2 Power semiconductors with a high foreign monopoly and a large domestic market power electronics, also known as power semiconductors, are used for power switching and power control of large power in electrical circuits (which usually refer to tens to thousands of units of current and hundreds of volts of volts of volts). It can be divided into semi-controlled devices, fully controlled devices.
(a) Substrate and non-controllable devices, where the transistor is a semi-controlled device with the highest voltage and current capacity of all devices: the power diode is an uncontrollable device, with a simple structure and rationale and reliable work; it can also be divided into voltage-driven devices and motor-driven devices, of which gto, gtr are current-driven devices, and igbt, electric mosfet are voltage-driven devices.
With the pressing need for energy-efficient emission reductions, applications for power semiconductors have moved from industrial control and 4c to new energy, orbital transport, smart power grids, and transformer power markets. From the global power semiconductor market of 2017, where the share of industrial applications was 34%, the global industrial power semiconductor market has been growing steadily.
The global power semiconductor giants are concentrated mainly in the United States, Europe, and Japan. China and Taiwan are the main producers in low-end power devices such as diodes, transistors, low-pressure mosfet, etc. High-end devices such as igbt, medium-high-pressure mosfet, are dominated by European-American-Japanese manufacturers.
China’s market share of the power-driven semiconductor conglomerates, represented by Yangjie technology, Hua Weibo, and Slanwa, is very low, and there is huge room for import substitution, mainly in the communications, image, and home power markets. In the case of the mosfet market, the country is largely dependent on imports and is largely monopolized by foreign Euro-American firms.
The combined share of firms reached 65.0 per cent, of which the highest market share was the British flyer, at 28.5 per cent; Androme, second, 17.1 per cent.
The drivers, igbt, mosfet, are mainly ultra-pulsive mosfet, trenchmosfet trough metal semiconductor field effect tubes, vdmos, dtmos, igbt, igto, and are widely applied in the fields of energy conservation, green lighting, wind power, smart grids, hybrid \ electric cars, instrumentation, consumer electronics.
The hyperpower mosfet (soluctionmosfet) is a new type of power device, using a charge-based, balanced structure of the device, with a significant reduction in the conductive resistance. The application reduces the power loss of the system and improves its conversion efficiency.
Industry. Tinless Purple Microelectronics Ltd. is committed to becoming an advanced sjmosfet supplier in China and is currently developing products in the 500v/600v/650v/7000v/800v/9000v series. They can be applied to pfc, pwm, adapter, lcd&pdptv, ups, solar energy, etc.
The new vertical structure device, the semiconductor field effect tube for metal oxides in the trenchmos pit, developed on the basis of vdmos, has lower conductivity resistance and grid leak density, resulting in lower conductor and switch losses and faster switches.
It's vertical, so it can further increase the density of its ditches, reduce the size of the chips, and reduce the conductive resistance. And it has all the advantages of the mos device, such as speed of the switch, low driving power, etc. The combins have negative temperature coefficients, which facilitate the realization of large currents and a wider safe work area. It can be applied to the synchronizing flow of lithium protection, communication/direct current power sources, electric machines, etc.
vdmosfet has the advantage of a bipolar transistor and a common mos device, with lower conductive resistance and grid charges, mainly applied to electrical speeds, invertors, uninterrupted power supply, electronic switches, high-security soundings, auto appliances, and electronic flow control devices.
It can be applied to switch power sources, uninterruptible power sources, hard switches and high-frequency circuits. dtmosfet can significantly reduce the loss of conductivity during current transmission. At the same time, the flow of currents in chip cells will be more evenly stabilized, and it will effectively reduce the grid charge (qq), especially between grids (qgd).
By using these advanced technological tools, dtmosfet's fom (qg*rdson) is able to achieve industry leadership. It can be applied to uninterruptible power sources, inverters, synchronised flow of communication/direct-flow power, power drive.
Igbt (bipolar transistor in insulation), a power-driven high-voltage power electronic device made up of bjt (bipolar tripolar) and mosfet (insulated field effects), combined with the advantages of mosfet high input resistance and bipolar devices low-conductive pressure reduction.
Industrial areas such as energy and solar energy are the main power-power devices currently used for electrical power and green energy. Tin-free ultraviolet microelectronics are limited. The company uses the use of advanced npt (non-traffic) and groove fs technologies as the basis for their design.
High-power integrated launch of power-free transistors (igto) such as power outages, electromagnetic furnaces, general inverters, switches and resonance mode power supply is a new high-power electrical device developed without tin-violet microelectronics to meet high-power applications above 1 mw, with high current insorption-free, low-door power-drivers and excess currents.
Protective functions, fibre-optic triggers input and state feedback, adapted to the characteristics of higher-frequency work (more than 1khz), can be widely adapted for use in such industries as metallurgy, electricity, transport, etc..4 It is proposed to acquire the purple glimmer and to integrate the safety chip up and down.
On May 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, at 35, 35, 31, 31, 31, 31, 31, 31, 31, 31, 31, 31, 31, 31, 31, 31, 31, 30, 30, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100,
The purchase price agreed to be $18 billion (valued premium of 5-6 per cent compared to $2.2 billion for Linxens acquired by UVC). The purchase price from the dry purple light country was 3.1 times the value of its assets at the end of 2018 (5.72 billion yuan). This met the national determination criteria for major asset restructuring (more than 50 per cent), and therefore this acquisition constituted a significant asset.
Founded on 21 May 2018, with a registered capital of 18 billion yuan, shareholders are either in UVG holding or participating companies, so this UVL micro acquisition is essentially a strategic adjustment within UVG. On 28 December 2018, UVC indirectly acquired 100% of Linxens’ shares with 2.2 billion euros.
Linxens was founded in 1979 as an international leader in smart safety chip microconnectors, rfid mounds and antennas, and ultra-light belts. Since the company’s inception, Linxens has provided the market with more than 90 billion connectors, producing about 800 million rfid transponders per year, the world’s largest production capacity in the mid-Rfid industry.
Microconnectors: Microconnectors are also known as belts or strips. In the area of microconnectors, Linxens provides customers with contact, non-contact and two-interfaced smart secure chip microconnectors and helps them customise microconnector solutions.
Linxens, whose main clients are smart card producers, chip producers and module producers, are widely applied to products such as sim cards, bank cards, traffic cards, etc., in the areas of telecommunications, transport, hotels, financial services, e-government and object networking.rfid nesting and antenna operations: Linxens can use electronics according to customer standards (material type, security, durability).
The circuits are printed on a variety of materials and are used as pre-pressure panels in areas such as magnifiers antennas, dual interfaces and electronic passport covers. Linxens can use smart card security connections and identification techniques to make white cards for public transport, non-contact payments, door block controls and identification.
Figure 49: Smart Security Chip Microlinker Figure 50: Rfid Escorts and Antennas
Lines, completion of the key industries of the "chips design, microconnector manufacturing, modular assembly, rfid mounds and antennas" node layouts, three-pronged "chips design-microconnectors production-module production" with four co-benefits: (1) joint win-win action, expansion of the intelligent chip industry chain.
The smart security chip microconnector business is upstream and downstream of the industrial chain and has a strong synergy. When this acquisition is completed, the purple light country will integrate upstream and downstream, providing both the smart security chip and the microconnector design, and creating an autonomously controlled smart security chip module.
The use of Linxens for dynamic cryptography and fingerprint identification has the effect of enhancing the security of bank cards by integrating them into the micro-intelligent security chip of the Purple Light Country, which is expected to significantly improve the safety and reliability of identification cards and financial payment cards.
(3) Business synergies are strengthened and operations are scaled up. With Linxens having established an internationalized marketing network, a research and development centre and a production base, the UV country will gain a new performance growth point and a marketing channel. (4) Reduction in associated transactions and lower manufacturing costs. In 2018, UV countries purchased smart safety cores from Linxens.
By doing so, the UV country will be able to better control the procurement costs of microconnectors and production modules. Assumption 1: benefits from faster national production of financial ic cards and the arrival of identity cards, social security cards and card swaps.
Safe chip operations will grow steadily, with an average increase of 35% over the next three years. Special integrated circuits are expected to grow steadily, with an average increase of 20% over the next three years, as a result of the smart card industry scenario 2: accelerated national production of alternatives benefiting from military integrated circuits, and continued State support for the UV country ' s micro-integrated circuits.
The Māori rate for special integrated circuits has been maintained at high levels and is expected to remain unchanged in Šasp, while the Māori rate is expected to remain unchanged at 68 per cent.
Assumption 4: oversupply of product markets and adverse effects of international trade friction on exports of crystallized products due to the expansion of production capacity in the domestic presslized crystals industry, continued decline in crystallization operations is expected, with an increase in the volume of crystallized shipments over the next three years
The country is a leading provider of integrated circuit chip products and solutions, maintaining industry leadership in areas such as smart safety chips, high-stability memory chips, fpga, superstitious crystal frequency devices. As an integrated circuit tap company strongly supported by the state, we believe that the company will continue to benefit from the nationalization of the chip. We have selected the semiconductor of the company.
As a reference for the valuation, the companies concerned had shares in Weir, King Kawa, Slanwa, St. Paul, 64.1 times the average in 2019, taking into account that the acquisition of UVU would allow for upstream and downstream integration of the UV micro-intelligent security chip, the progressive production of fpga would have a huge profit space in the 5g, ai and object networking era, and special integrated circuit operations would be high.
Industrial barriers provide modest and stable performance support to the purple-lighted countries, and we believe that companies should be given a higher valuation premium and the risk that public fpga research and development will not progress as expected: 2) The risk that smart security chip operations will not grow as fast as expected:
The risk of continued decline in the market price of dram; 4) the risk of acquisition of UVLA is not as high as expected, and Noro will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.