Byadi, the downside affects profitability, and performance hits the bottom half of the year: Biadi publishes its 2017 annual report and a quarterly performance forecast.
On 27 March, the company published its annual report for 2017, with a gross operating income of $10,591.5 billion, compared to the previous year, while the company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2018, a forecast for a fall in company performance, a forecast for a net profit of q1 The impact of a decline in revenue from traditional automobile operations has put some pressure on the growth of corporate profitability, but the new model of a car
The strong market demand since Songmax was listed is expected to lead the company ' s traditional automobile business out of the low, with a 24.3 per cent Māori rate for cars and related products, a decline of 3.9 per cent compared to the previous year; the level of new energy vehicle sales generated by business activities is expected to increase strongly compared to the same period last year, but is regressed by a new energy vehicle subsidy.
In addition, traditional car sales are expected to grow faster, but competition in the market remains strong, affecting, to some extent, the level of profitability of traditional automobile operations.
In the second half of the year, more than RMB 56.6 billion, or 0.7 per cent less, will be generated in 2017, of which RMB 39 billion, representing an increase of 12.8 per cent and a further increase in the group income share to 36.9 per cent.
For the third year in a row, the world is ranked first in terms of sales, commercial and passenger vehicles remain relatively good at a time when the overall market has fallen, and the new energy vehicle industry has been further consolidated. In the case of traditional fuel trucks, about 245,000 vehicles have been sold during the year, representing a 24.62 per cent decline in sales and receipts.
There was a drop in entry, and profit growth was held back, but the new car-type Songmax came to the market with strong market resonance, and the market’s fourth month of sales fell to the point where it was expected to be one of the main growth engines in 2018, looking to lead the traditional automobile business of the public administration to rebound.
Biadedo's heavyweight model was listed in 2018, including a new generation of Don, Qin, a compact pure electric suv and Songmax, and a new energy version that added to the market's positive impact of the new dragonface design, and Biadi is expected to usher in a new cycle of new products.
In the field of power cells, the company has developed high-security lithium phosphate batteries and three-dollar batteries with high energy density, which are used in electric commercial vehicles and electric passenger vehicles, respectively. By the end of 2017, the company had powered electricity.
The total capacity of the pool is 16 gwh, of which three-dollar batteries produce about 6 gwh, and phosphate lithium batteries about 10 gwh, and the company will continue to expand the production of 10 gwh in the course of the year, with a total capacity of 26 gwh at the end of the year. As the country ' s second-largest power battery producer, the volume of Biadi batteries delivered its market share in 2017.
17.8%, after Catl, the capacity utilization rate is as high as 69%, well above industry levels. Companies have built up a leading global technological and cost advantage in the power cell sector and a leading scale advantage through a rapid expansion of power cell capacity.
The growth of mobile cellular components and assembly operations has been steady, and the revenue from the company ' s cellular components and assembly operations has been rising steadily, from over $40 billion in 2017 to about 3.53 per cent in the same year, from 38.2 per cent in the same year, to 13.1 per cent in the same year, an increase of 3.1 per cent in the mobile cellular components and assembly industry.
On the business side, the metal component business continues to grow faster, making a good profit for the company. The company continues to be a major supplier of metal components of the brand-owned mobile phone company flagship, and the glass and ceramic business has also made positive progress in promoting the smooth development of mobile phone parts and assembly operations.
The overall slowdown in the automobile market and the spread of new vehicles have fallen short of expectations.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, and is distributed among the users.
The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the present report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party ' s approval or approval.