Chon Eining's 17-year performance is in line with expectations that the future new energy cars and cloud tracks will help companies out of the valley 20104, driven by a significant recovery in the sale of new energy vehicles, and that net profit growth has been significantly reduced.
We're starting to get out of the valley, which is what we expect. We're judging the company's business for 18 years to be on the right track, and we're going to get out of the valley in 18 years, and we're going to get bigger growth, and we're going to start with a two-point system.
There will be a substantial increase in profits in the segment; electronics, as a whole, will grow steadily. The track business began to contribute profits in the second half of the 17th year, and is expected to enter a fast-growing trajectory in 18 years, with future developments 26 times and 21 times, respectively. A share is now well valued, and there is much room for future growth, and we maintain a.
Performance is in line with the performance guidance given in the q3 financial report and is in line with market expectations; the company realizes a net profit of 1.27 billion in 2017q4 seasons, yoy-8.8 per cent, and the q4 performance is clear from the previous three quarters
The company's car sales will be out of the valley in 18 years, and the reverse will pick up: the company sold cars all year round in 2017, and the total number of traditional cars sold year round is down, yoy-24% of the year, but in October it launched a new model, Song.
More than 15,000 vehicles are sold each month and the market is better accepted, and more than 100,000 are expected to be sold throughout the 18-year period, bringing company traditional car sales out of the valley and back to the upward trajectory. With regard to new energy vehicles, companies are leading domestic and global new energy vehicles, combined with power cells and whole-of-car production.
The manufacturer, which currently has a market share of more than 15 per cent for the sale of new energy vehicles in the country, has a market share of up to 50-70 per cent in class A and class B vehicles, and in 18 years the company will launch a new a0-grade car, the first-ever ao-type car market, and the Don-2 model will be launched to consolidate the power-infusion market position.
The company's 18 year-round new energy vehicle sales are expected to be around 17-20 million vehicles, which is more than the same year's increase in the market space for cloud-track operations: the company's five-year-long development of a cross-seat, single-track, cloud-track product, has now entered into orders with more than 20 cities, and eight cities have started construction.
Business has begun to contribute to corporate profits in the second half of 17 years, and will be one of the main drivers of the growth in corporate performance in the future, and as the country’s cities and cities get through the process, the company’s revenues and profits will increase significantly. As a new generation of products, the cloud track is much better than its value.
The subway, the market space, there are now more than 100 cities in the country planning to build orbital traffic, with a unit price of about 200-300 million km, which in the future will trigger a market size of 5 trillion.
The advantages are clear, and it is expected that the company’s cloud-track business will show a fast-growing pattern over the next three years. Profit expectations: we expect the company’s net profits to reach $6.7 billion and $8.5 billion in 2018 and 2019.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.