Performance is in line with expectations and will benefit in the long term from the expansion in the size of the installed aircraft - China Nuclear Power (601985) semi-annual review in 2020.
The net profit of shareholders of listed companies netted off non-recurring gains and losses of $2.903 billion, an increase of 11.34 per cent over the same period; the second quarter performance was bright and eased short-term downward pressure on performance. The first quarter of corporate foreign currency debt exchange losses held up the company's performance for the first quarter.
Business performance was strong, with the net profit of the parent company of $1.939 billion achieved in the first quarter of the second quarter, an increase of 46.67 per cent over the same period, reversing the short-term downward trend in corporate performance and returning to the growth track.
In the first half of 2020, the company was active in overcoming the effects of the epidemic, with a cumulative commercial capacity of 68,441 million kilowatt-hours, an increase of 5.01 per cent. In the case of nuclear power, in the first half of 2020, the amount of nuclear power generated by the company’s nuclear power plant was increased by 5.01 per cent.
A total of 67,148 million kWh, an increase of about 329 per cent over the same period last year; in the area of new energy generation, 1,293 million kWh were generated in the first half of this year, a significant increase of 667.74 per cent compared to the same period last year. In recent years, companies have actively explored new performance gains in new energy markets such as wind power, photovoltaics, geothermals, etc.
At present, the Department is operating 21 nuclear power units with a capacity of 191.12 million kilowatts, which is about the size of the country’s nuclear power plants.
39.10%; in the construction of 5 units with a capacity of 5.77 million kilowatts, or approximately 44.3% of the nation ' s nuclear power units under construction, the post-construction project will grow by 30.19% over the current installed capacity.
As a result of the steady progress of the previous period, the project has been completed with a considerable increase in the size of the company.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, free of charge business on the 6th.
China Sea International Centre B, 17th floor, in a way, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company does not consider itself a customer for the purpose of receiving this report. Readers who do not have business relations with the company are not its customers, and the company does not have proper responsibilities.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.