Smarthead, hugging a man who can do a thousand jobs.
I've been working on video surveillance since the beginning of the year.
In 2021, the company positioned the linyang business area as “Smart Together” and focused on the areas of association, artificial intelligence and big data.
In 2022, the company had fully implemented its smartness strategy, which was accompanied by continuous growth in knowledge, artificial intelligence, and big data technology, and the age of intelligence was expected to accelerate.
The company is expected to continue to benefit from the process as a leader of the Smart Group. • The ebg space is clear, and the smbg+pbg continues to warm. During the "145" period, our digital government was built into fast lanes, increasing the capacity of digital governance became an important part of digital government building.
End-of-life investments and the growing size of smart cities, intelligent transportation, grass-roots governance, and pbg performance are expected to improve. The digital transformation and innovative development of enterprises have become essential paths to business development, accompanied by the continued development of artificial intelligence technology, i.e. the application of space at the enterprise end.
Open up, companies are actively building on intelligent technologies, deepening industry insights, actively exploring digital applications, and the future ebg market space, which is likely to maintain a more stable growth rate. Smbg operations are mainly aimed at small businesses, small factories, small businesses, small units, and the digital transformation is a major trend.
With the recovery of the economy, the performance of small and medium-sized enterprises will rise, and their investment in security, digitalization, and intelligence will increase gradually, with the prospect of Smbg’s business.
A complete architecture of magnifying model technology has been built, with sufficient technical capabilities in the areas of multi-dimensional perception, model streamlining, and big-scale model platform software. Currently, magnifying model capabilities are deeply embedded in product innovation and practical applications that integrate the eyes of the Sea Conway, expanding the boundaries of modeling capabilities, and enhancing intelligence.
It's a product performance that accelerates the deployment of applications in one place. The current high-quality technological strength and unique leadership of the large model have been amply demonstrated in the extension and productivity of the company's own product function, and with the continued expansion of the large model in the future, the company is expected to put the big model on the ground.
In many areas, the accumulation of technological strengths, product programs, industry practices, engineering skills, etc., has helped to accelerate the intellectualization of the industries and create a better intelligent world. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
We believe that the future of Heconway is worth looking forward to. We anticipate.