q1 performed as expected, and mining giants continued to grow. On 27 April 2023, the company issued a quarterly report for 2023.
\triangleright 22% increase in corporate mineral gold production in the first quarter of the year, 4 to 16 tons increase in ring comparison, 24% increase in mineral copper production, 0.14 to 244,000 tons decrease in ring ratio, 3% decrease in mineral zinc production and 3% increase in ring ratio
Adds 2 to 105,000 tons, which is basically the same change in production. The same increase in gold and copper production is largely due to changes in the Qiuzu coefficient, with q1 returning to normal. (3) Cost: gold/copper/zinc 2023q1 unit cost, respectively.
According to the research assistant, Zhang Qingtong, the growth in the Māori ring ratio is mainly due to a small increase in the cost of the mineral copper plate, a sharp increase in the price of the sale, an increase in the profit margin per unit, and an increase in Māori ring by 1.78 billion yuan. The net return on investment ratio is 780 million yuan.
The research assistant, Li Jian, was mainly responsible for the loss of the 22q4 secondary settlement price, resulting in a low base, an increase in the q1 copper ring ratio, a return to the upward trend in the secondary settlement price, a return to a net return on the q1 investment of $530 million, and an increase in the ring.
The external expenditure ring decreased by $610 million. This was mainly due to the impact of a one-time fine on the post-Uq4 purple gold, q1 of which was eliminated. The cost and tax ring ratio decreased by $410 million. The research and development ring was reduced by $100 million, mainly due to a reduction in the financial cost ring (reduction in currency exchange losses) and a reduction in the research and development ring (q) by $100 million at the end of April.
1. A high base is generated by the depth of the 2022 annual report on the mining of purple gold (601899.sh).
The core point of view is that the three main copper mining clusters continue to bloom, and the lithium molybdenum strategic metal plate creates a new growth curve. \triangleright
Gold mining (601899.sh) performance forecast for 2022
In, the return of Powgra, the establishment of the Forces nouvelles in the maritime gold mines, rosebel and Savayalton, the Yuzhmorgeologiya mine (601899.sh) dynamic report: sustained growth in gold production. Strategic metal plates, holding the high-quality lithium resources of the "one lake, one lake" are ongoing.
China’s largest lead and zinc mine, with a coded lead and zinc field, is moving forward to 2023, hoping that the resource advantage will translate into a yield advantage. At the same time, the added strategic mine will acquire the world’s highest reserves of 4.
Large monomagnetic molymines, with a significant increase in the volume of resources available, are expected to become one of the world’s largest production companies. Performance rating: price drops q3 performance pressure, built-in growth + investment proposal: corporate copper production continues to grow, lithium molybdenum projects build new growth curves, and copper prices are folded up.
We keep looking at the company's alpha logic. We expect company 2023-2025 to report on the dynamics of the M&A (601899.sh): bottom collection.
A net return of $24.1 billion to the mother, $29 billion and $37.2 billion will be achieved, corresponding to the purchase of rosebel gold on 4 May, and a new city with a high-quality resource of 2022/\triangleright.
One incident: the company published a one-quarter report in 2023, and the company published a one-quarter report in 2023. The company collected $74.945 billion in 2023q1, an increase of $2,067 million over the same period, mainly from Maori, fees and taxes, other/investment returns, impairment losses, business, etc.
The core of the growth of the Māori End Ring is the contribution of the mineral copper plate, the gross profit of 2023q1 is 420 million yuan per annum and the ring is 944 million yuan per annum; the core of the growth of the combined Māori ratio is the contribution of the mineral copper plate, and the core of the growth is the mineral gold and other product plate.
In comparison, 2023q1 company mineral products and smelting ends together achieved 11.740 billion yuan, or 1.677 billion yuan, of which the mineral copper business increased 1,775 million yuan, contributing 188 per cent of the Māori increase, and the central reason for the ring growth was an increase in the unit ' s profit margin, with sales increasing and unit gains increasing, respectively.
The core reason is the decline in the Māori rate due to: 1 mineral gold, 1 mineral silver unit price increase less than the increase in the unit cost; 2 mineral copper, 2 mineral zinc, 2 iron ore plate sales price decline; and 1 Māori rate due to the increase in the unit cost.q
The increase in the ring ratio of the Māori rate is mainly due to increases in the Māori rate as a result of: 1 reduction in the unit price of mineral gold less than a reduction in the unit cost; 2 increase in the unit price of mineral copper more than an increase in the unit cost of Māori; 3 increase in the price of mineral silver, iron concentrate unit; and 3 increase in the rate of Māori as a result of a decrease in the unit cost.
Figure 7: Māori growth in mineral products 2023q1 (in billions of dollars: Māori in figure 9:2023q1 mineral products and in smelting end Māori growth in ring comparison)
2023q1 mineral products and smelting ends Māori rings increased by $1,677 million, consisting of mineral copper (+1775 million), mineral gold (+147 million), iron ore (+14.4 million), mineral silver (+30 million), smelting zinc (+04 million), copper smelting (-163 million) and mineral zinc.
(-$42 million); it is worth noting that the recovery of mineral copper to more than $7 billion in the single quarter is the most significant contribution to the growth of the q1 gross ring ratio, and other non-primary products (including trade logistics, smelting and processing silver, gold products, copper pipes/copper belts, expensive)
The trade in metals, services, etc., includes internal offsets, calculated by the difference between the total value of Maori and the main business product, which results in a reduction of $733 million in the Maori ring ratio.2 Other products include, inter alia, trade logistics, smelting and processing silver, gold products, copper pipes/copper belts, trade in precious metals, and services operations.
The decline in the Māori share ratio of refined products was mainly due to an increase in the unit price of copper q1 and the unit cost ratio, with sales price increases (+5.63 per cent) being less than the unit cost increase (+8.07 per cent). The price of zinc q1 and the unit cost ratio decreased, although the sales price fell (~5.13 per cent) less than the unit cost reduction (~75 per cent).
The increase in the Māori share of mineral-side products was mainly due to the expansion of the profit margin for mineral-based silver units, 2023q1, the increase in sales (+3.08 per cent) and the decrease in unit costs (-11.33 per cent). Although the volume of mineral copper-q1 was reduced (-3.24 per cent), the unit price increased.
The increase in the unit price of iron ore q1 (+6.14%), a decrease in unit cost (-0.75%) and a significant increase in sales (+98.34%) have led to an increase in the Māori share. The decline in the Māori ring ratio of mine-end products is mainly due to a decrease in the unit price of mineral gold q1 and a decrease in cost, although the decrease in the price of the sale (-4.40%) is less than the decrease in unit cost (------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
8.77%) The sales ring grew by 4.23%, but the relative overall increase in mineral gold increased by less, resulting in a lower share. Mineral zinc q1 unit prices were reduced and cost increased, selling prices were reduced (-3.55%), unit yields (+2.96%) and sales increased (7.65%), but the decline in unit profit space led to Māori ownership.
Production end: 2023q1, mineral gold, mineral silver, mineral copper, mineral zinc, iron ore ring ratio + 3.73 per cent, sales end: 2023q1, mineral gold, mineral silver, mineral copper, mineral zinc, iron ore ring ratio + 4.23 per cent, prices end: 2023q1, mineral gold, mineral silver, mineral copper, mineral zinc, iron ore ring ratio 4.40 per cent, iron ore ring ratio respectively
At the cost end: 2023q1, mineral gold, mineral silver, mineral copper, mineral zinc, iron ore ring ratio - 8.77 per cent respectively. It is worth noting that the cost of minerals 2023q1 fell, with the exception of mineral copper and mineral zinc, while the cost of mineral ore product was lower, with sales falling only for mineral silver and copper, and prices falling only for mineral gold and mineral zinc.
In the same perspective, 2023q1 mineral products and smelting products lost $126 million on a year-by-year basis, while other non-primary products increased 546 million on a year-by-year basis. Minerals, minerals and silver were on a year-by-year increase, while smelting smelting copper and zinc were on a year-by-year increase, with mineral gold (+657 million), mineral silver (+001 million), minerals.
Million yuan), zinc smelting (+14 million yuan). The main increase in the unit price of mineral gold in the same amount as in the same amount (+10.62 per cent) was less than the decrease in unit cost (-4.02), while sales increased (3.50 per cent); zinc smelting benefited from the same sales volume as in the same amount per unit of Māori, with 2023q1 having an increase in the unit of Māori and the ring ratio and smelting.
The increase in the unit of copper is equal to the increase in the unit of mineral silver, mineral copper, zinc smelting, and iron concentrate. The increase in the unit of mineral gold is less than the decrease in unit cost, and the increase in unit Maori is greater than the unit cost, although the increase in unit value is less than the increase in unit cost, the unit price base is larger than the unit cost, so the unit gain is greater.
Leisure space is still expanding; the increase in the same-year ratio of copper smelting units is less than the decrease in unit costs; the increase in the unit price of the silver unit is the increase in the unit cost, while the increase in the unit cost is the increase in the profit space; the significant increase in the unit price of the copper unit is the increase in the unit cost of the smelting unit is much greater than the increase in the unit cost; the increase in the unit of zinc is the increase in the unit price of the smelting unit
The decrease in unit prices was less than the decrease in unit costs; the increase in unit costs for iron ore units was in unit prices, while the decrease in unit costs was at the cost end of four costs: the cost and liability ratio were reduced by billions of yuan for the period, and the cost ratio was reduced by 344 million yuan for the period, and the cost of all but the cost of the sales was reduced from the cost ratio.
It appears that sales rates, management rates, financial rates, R & D rates have changed + 0.02 pct, figure 13: Changes in corporate cost rates are gradually released, corporate profits will be further enhanced and asset-liability ratios are expected to fall further.
The non-recurring profits of 2023q1 (other gains + net returns on investments + fair value changes) are generally stable to the investment returns of the associated and joint ventures, mainly in the form of a loss on the 22q4 secondary settlement price.
This resulted in a low base, an increase in the q1 copper ring ratio, a return on the second settlement price, a net return on q1 investment, mainly as a result of the one-time impact of 22 q4 (mainly an increase in the loss of bad accounts receivable at year-end), a significant reduction in q1-related impairments; an increase of $583 million in the operating out-of-pocket round and an increase in the operating out-of-pocket round.
If q1’s return to normal ring ratio reflects an increase in profit, given the impact of the post-violet fine of 2022q4 subsidiaries. Taken together, the ring’s total increase in profit is $1.603 billion, which means that other areas outside the company’s normal business are also more visible.
Detailedly, the non-recurring gain/loss item rounder reduction of 2023q1 is mainly reflected in the following: occupancy fees charged to non-financial enterprises (-$43 million) that account for current gains/losses (-$141 million), gains/losses on fair value and investment gains (-$141 million) in addition to effective hedging operations related to the normal operations of the company, and other non-conforming benefits (-$141 million)
Loss/loss item defined as recurrent gain/loss (-$24 million); the increase in the q1 ring ratio is reflected in: gains/losses on non-current assets (+ $166 million) and government subsidies included in current gains/losses, except for those that are closely related to the normal operations of the company and are consistent with national policies and continue to be paid in accordance with certain criteria and on a quantitative basis (+0.18)
Mineral copper prices rose by 19.94 per cent and profits from un-incorporated subsidiaries increased for a few shareholders. 2023q1 achieved a net cash flow of $7,829 million in business activities, an increase of 5.40 per cent, an increase of $401 million, an increase of 16.33 per cent in ring prices, an increase of $1,099 million.
The reptiles of the Camoacacula series phase one or two, the giant copper mine, the bronze sequester, the Norton gold fields, etc., will lead to further improvements in corporate copper and gold production, and a sustained improvement in corporate operating cash flow is expected. 2023q1 net cash outflows from fund-raising activities amounted to $1,586 million, compared to the same period in the previous year.
In the current situation, we believe that there is less pressure on the company ' s funds. 2023q1 net cash outflows from its investment activities amounted to $7,594 million, compared to a net cash forecast and investment proposal for the same period the previous year.
Salvaharton gold mines and rosebel gold mines continue to be produced; lithium plates “two lakes one mine” gradually release productive capacity; Molybdenum mollum molluscs are contributing to a forward increase. Multi-line parallel profits continue to grow. Given the natural collapse of the company's copper production, the lithium molluscs project builds a new growth curve, and the price of copper is on top of ours.
Keeping an eye on the company's alpha logic. We expect the company to achieve net return 1 in 2023-2025 to be less advanced than expected. The company still has more projects under construction, and the construction of these projects still needs to be invested in significant amounts of human and material resources, which could result from sudden events, such as recurring epidemics, that could lead to less progress than expected by that time.
Production releases will slow down, affecting profitability. 2) The price of metals such as copper gold falls. Companies produce bulk commodities, transparent prices, price fluctuations for copper, gold, zinc, silver, iron ore, etc., which can significantly affect corporate profitability if macroeconomic decline or supply is high.
Volume releases lead to a decline in metal prices, which will have a significant impact on companies’ profitability. 3) Geopolitical risks, etc., corporate investment projects are spread across the country’s 24 provinces (Autonomous Communities) and Canada, Australia, Papua New Guinea, Russia, Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, etc.
Nine countries, including Peru. If local governments target companies, or raise taxes on mining companies, enact laws that do not benefit mining companies abroad, etc., they can harm companies, produce results in terms of their profitability, develop methodological and analytical logic, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.