During the first half of the year, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre showed a remarkable increase of 262.8 per cent: eps was $182. In the second quarter of 2022, $21,660 million was collected.
The company’s sales rate was 38.3% in the first half of the year, an increase of 13.5 pp in the same year; the net interest rate on sales was 24.7%, an increase of 7.7 pp in the same year, mainly as a result of the company’s increase in market openings, higher prices for multiple crystalline silicon, coal and an increase in the production of power from new self-employed power plants.
End-of-cycle: sales cost is 2.5 per cent, a 0.7 per cent decrease in the same year; management cost is 4.3 per cent, a decline in the same year — the main profit increase in the new energy business contributed to rapid growth. 2022h1, the company's new energy business was 56.3 per cent, a 27.1 per cent increase in the same year, with a gross profit of $7.3 billion, up to 49.2 per cent.
The company is expected to sell more than 110,000 tons of crystal silicon throughout the year, an increase of about 45 per cent over the year, and to benefit from a rapid increase in short-term multisilicon unit prices, which is expected to drive new energy gains, higher coal prices + output releases, and higher coal profits throughout the year.
The price of power-driven coal (q5500) rose all the way to a high of $1664/ton in March, an increase of over 100% compared with the end of 2021. At the same time, the company’s coal production capacity expanded further, and now totals 60 million tonnes/year (35 million tonnes/year of open south + 25 million/year of mine), leaving 10 million tonnes/year.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved a gross profit of 38.90 billion yuan, an increase of 328.4 per cent over the same year, resulting in higher profits from the increase in the value of benefits.
The risks associated with light voltage and wind power additions are not as high as expected: exchange rate fluctuations affect the risks of companies operating abroad. 1 home-grown energy service provider with high performance in business transformation.
The programme’s service provider, listed in 1997, became the country’s first company in the transformer industry. The company’s main business is the transmission of electricity, new energy and energy, including the provision of transformers and other transmission equipment; the new energy source business includes the production and sale of products such as multiple crystallized silicon, inverters, svg, etc.: the traditional energy business consists mainly of coal mining.
In addition to the production and sale of sales, electricity and heat, figure 1: The company's actual controllers and ultimate beneficiaries are Mr. Zhang Shin, the first shareholder, Xinjiang, and the second.
Figure 2: Corporate equity structures and subsidiaries (biannual report up to 2022)
Taking on the integration of the international grid system for transmission and transformation, and also leading to the export of transformer products. The new energy power plant operation provides a full range of energy solutions for new energy power plants through the development and construction of wind and light resources, e.g., by means of pc, bt, boo, etc., as well as the opening of a photovoltaic and wind power plant operation. The new energy industry and the energy industry form a green and environmentally friendly industry for the “coal and silicon” cycle economy.
Business performance has continued to grow, with many openings growing to $6.131 billion, or 12.5 per cent in cagr. In 2021, as a result of rising prices and increased sales of multi-crystal silicon, the new energy industry and accompanying engineering grew by 63.9 per cent, resulting in a significant increase in the size of the company as a whole.
The company achieved a revenue of 38.8 billion yuan, an increase of 72.2% over the same period, mainly as a result of increased market openings, higher prices for multi-crystal silicon products, coal, carbon products, and increased power generation from new energy self-generating power plants. Net profit from the mother-to-manufactured growth, with coal and silicon contributing largely.
For $7.26 billion, an increase of 196.3 per cent over the same period was mainly the result of increased earnings from fair value changes and the release of new energy operations. 2022h1, the company achieved net return earnings of $6.91 billion, an increase of 122.3 per cent over the same period, of which the main business was the silicon-rich sub-energy, the company ' s new special energy, and net profit of $6.03 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 346.7 per cent over the previous six months; the main business was the coal subsidiary.
Xinjiang Tianjiang Energy, which achieved a net profit of $2.88 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 266 per cent over the same period. Corporate profitability has increased significantly, and cost-rate controls have been excellent. 2022H1 Māori sales were 38.3 per cent, compared with the same increase. Corporate sales costs were 2.5 per cent, a decrease of 0.7 per cent, compared with the same period; management costs were 4.3 per cent, a decrease of 1 per cent; and finance costs were reduced by 1 per cent.
On the supply side, the ratio of non-fossil energy loads has risen gradually, and is projected to reach 50 per cent for the first time in 2022; as of 2022h1, the capacity of non-fossil energy generators nationwide stood at 1,180 million kilowatts, representing 48.2 per cent of the total installed capacity.
The same-year increase of 2.8 pp. According to the China-China ITU, in 2022, with the rapid development of new energy sources, the size of the additional installed infrastructure will be at an all-time high, with a national capacity of 2.6 billion kW, an increase of about 9 per cent compared to the previous year; non-fossil energy generators will reach about 1.3 billion kW, with the share of total installed capacity rising to 50 per cent for the first time.
In addition, electrification development is an effective way to achieve carbon peaks, carbon neutrality, with electricity accounting for 26.5 per cent of end-use energy consumption in 2020 under the accelerated electrification scenario. In March 2022, the Guidance for Further Promotion of Power Substitution indicated that electricity will account for around 30 per cent of end-use energy consumption in 2025.
The current accelerated growth of the global photovoltaic industry has become the fastest-growing renewable energy source. According to cpia, the number of new global photovoltaic loadings rose from 102gw to 170gw in 2017-2021, with a capr of 13.6%, despite the impact of the “531” New Deal in 2018.
The company’s new energy business is growing rapidly, creating a second-growth curve. The company’s new energy business consists mainly of the production and sale of products such as multiple crystallized silicon, inverters, svg, and provides comprehensive energy for the design, construction, commissioning, transport, etc. of photovoltaic and wind power plants.
The company’s new energy business has risen to 56.3%, opening up a long space for the benefit industry, which is expected to drive further increases in overall profitability. A well-developed series of transformer products, with companies at the forefront of the country.
In the first half of 2022, the company completed a series of direct-flow currents, transformers products were developed and bulk supplies were achieved; and the development and industrialization of the 500kv direct-flow cable and attachment systems was successful.
Further product enrichment through the Tandong Department of Science and Technology has provided a strong impetus to the company ' s sustained and stable development and core competitiveness. Figure 13: Corporate transformer market share is number one. Figure 14: Company-type transformer map
Assumption 1: The company ' s new energy operations are growing rapidly, with the continuous release of the multi-crystal silicon project (inner Mongolia, Ludong), the company ' s production of multi-crysilica is expected to be 11.5/22.3/323,000 tons in 2022-2024, respectively. In 2022, the multi-crystal silicon unit price was higher with an increase in the Māori rate, which was followed by a steady fall in the subsequent multi-crysilica price, with a return to the Māori ratio; photovoltage, wind-loading capacity held.
Assumption 2: the company is the leader of the domestic transformer, and business is expected to grow steadily, with a total of 60 million tonnes of carbon-approved production capacity projected for 2022-2024 (35 million tonnes per year in the open south + 25 million tonnes per year in the mine), the company is now moving into scenario 4: faster revenues from the company's power generation operations, resulting in a corresponding increase in the volume of electricity generated by the increase in the size of the energy boo plant and
Assumption 5: products are “for sale” with a sales rate of more than 95 per cent. 13 times. Companies are a domestic transformer leader, with a significant breakthrough in new energy operations and a further expansion of operations is expected 1) and investments in electricity grids fall short of the expected risks;
3) Photovoltaic, wind and wind power additions are less than expected; 4) exchange rate fluctuations affect the risks of corporate operations abroad, and Novo will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.