Zero-benefit new vehicles are widely available, and refrigeration will return to the upscaling route - Annual Report 2020. On 26 March, the company released its annual report 2020, which generated an annual revenue of 12.10 billion yuan, an increase of 7.29 per cent over the previous year.
At the same time, the company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2021, with 21q1 achieving a profit of $317-380 million, 20q4 having a largely flat operating performance ring and 21q1 maintaining a high \triangleright
The 20q4 company achieved a revenue of 3,517 million yuan, a 31.87 per cent increase in the same year, a 7.39 per cent increase in the ring, a net return to the mother, a billion-dollar impact, which resulted in an operating profit of q4 of 422 million, which is essentially the same.
In 2020, the company ' s zero-carbon business generated 2,469 million yuan, an increase of 49.55 per cent over the same period, and a Māori rate of 29.70 per cent, a slight decrease of 0.94 percentage points over the same period. The company ' s vehicle is the world ' s first-largest in terms of market ownership of products such as e-inflating valves, new energy car heat management integrated components, megga pumps, etc., with a steady increase in the value of bicycles through integration and increased penetration of new energy vehicles.
According to the China-China Association, domestic car sales will reach 26.3 million vehicles in 2021, an increase of 4 per cent compared to the previous year, and companies will benefit fully from downstream recovery; new energy wells, such as Tesla, mass meb and new power cars, will blow up to optimize the structure of the goods; and company-owned caloric heat pump air conditioning, which will benefit from an increase in their penetration in new energy vehicles.
In terms of client orders, the company has become a first-tier supplier for the world ' s 10 largest car companies, and in February 2021 it was added to the General Motors and the United States, with a life cycle sales of over $1 billion and $900 million, respectively, with the expectation that new orders would continue to be cut off; in terms of capacity, in 2020, the company ' s Mexican factory was able to land and climb and was in the process of being located at the Shoshingham Bay Sea Factory.
The expansion will meet the high downstream demand. Refrigeration AC parts and components: promising to return to the lift route \triangleright
The Māori rate is 29.83%, an increase of 0.41 percentage points from the same year. The company's air conditioning electronic expansion valves, four-way valves, electromagnetic research assistant: Lee Kyung-po's order has been restored to a positive increase, 21q1 is warmed by air conditioners and refrigerators, and the order is fully filled with new energy efficiency policies in the future.
As a result, the penetration rate of the air-conditioning electro-inflated valves will increase further, leading to an increase in business recovery. The company, a leading company in the field of domestic electricity and zero heat management, covers for the first time and gives a “recommended” rating.
Li Kyung Po, Shanghai Transport University, with five years of experience in the auto industry, had been employed in the national securities industry and joined in February 2021, mainly in charge of new energy vehicles. Authors with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,