The Sini Shan Convergence has come across the world, and the reasons for this report are as follows:
In the field of deep-cultivation heat management, high growth in auto parts and components operations 31 March 2021 The company achieved operating income of $12.110 billion in 2020, an increase of 7.29 per cent over the same period; and realized operating profits
There has been an upturn, with a high rate of growth in auto parts and components. By product category, there has been a significant increase in the supply of refrigeration and air-conditioning appliances \triangleright Tesla, the general public, BMW, Biadi, and so on.
In the field of new energy heat management, it supplies mainstream car manufacturers. Combining, pure electric power, hydrogen energy market data: 30 March 2020 Cars have increased demand for air conditioning and heat management products.
Fareo, Volvo, Toyota, General, Gilly, Biadei, Upper Steam, highest/minimum in the year: partners, including clients, with a wide range of partners and stable performance at home and abroad.
Refrigerators, such as air conditioners in refrigerators, maintain high levels of Maori and value-added.
The establishment of overseas production bases, including in Viet Nam, is more conducive to participation in the development and cooperation of international vehicle models, as it has become a first-tier supplier for the world’s 10 largest car factories. In 2020, the company’s Mexican factory was established.
New energy sources are free of purchase taxes, subsidies are extended, and corporate revenues are more stable. State and local policies will continue to favour new-energy cars in the long run, and new-energy auto parts and components in the same way as Tesla.
The company is expected to benefit from the constant price reduction of model3, modely and national production, the climb of the public meb platform series, and the heat of domestic high-quality new energy vehicle models, such as cars. The company is well-positioned, high-end, and has entered the popular meb platform, Tesla, etc.
In the city of Taiwon, 28th floor of ITC at 69th West Street, 28th level of China Sea State, Peace Lisi Street, in Beijing City, 36.21/28.08 times as many times as in the year, maintaining an “enhanced” rating.
7th floor of intercentre Car sales are below expectations; macroeconomic downfalls continue; the epidemic continues; Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.