Events: company recently issued orders for a core motor vehicle platform with a cumulative amount of $1 billion from the Steam Group to become an exclusive supplier of products such as the electro-inflation valve, the heat management integration module, etc.; and universal
The exclusive supplier of the integrated components for the thermal management of the large motor vehicle platform in North America, which is expected to make a new breakthrough in sales volume 1, new orders, and secure a strong flagship: the company has recently and continuously released good news, not just the electronic expansion of the core platform of the electric vehicle under the flag as the sole supplier of the upper gas group.
Project on the integration of boom valves and heat management: also harvests the heat management integration component of the Generalized Global Motor Station in North America, and supplies it on its own. Once again, the three flowers use proof of strength to identify their international leader.
2. The gold track reserves are ready, and the growth prospects are high: eco-upgrading of the new energy automobile industry, total market value/flow (millions of dollars) level has been completed, technological capabilities of upstream suppliers have improved, traditional downstream car factories and new forces have improved.
12 months of maximum/minimum power, with lots of products. At the same time, as of 2020, end-user approvals have increased rapidly, and there is a clear willingness to buy. We predict new global energy vehicles in the coming years.
3x250 "The q3 performance rating will show high growth. The heat management system as part of the core of the new energy vehicle, the flat car team" -- 2020/10/21
3-Tripolitician (002050) " Without fear of pressure, heavy gold research and development building long-term competitiveness " - 2018/10/28.3. Integrated systems have high value added, high barriers and clear competitive advantages: from companies
In 2017, new energy electric car heat management components were issued to various clients, including Daimler, Volvo, BMW, and so on. At the same time, the company produced a full product, except for the electronic expansion valve, which is the global leader, and has a reserve of chiller, the electronics.
The company has developed integrated heat management systems. The company has previously announced that it has acquired general-purpose vehicle batteries.
Cooling components, electronic water pumps, and heat management valve orders. The new orders for this harvest are thermal tubes, integrated components, gradually proving that companies, as high-value-added, high-barrel integrated suppliers, have a competitive advantage in increasing the value of their bicycles.
4. Automobile home power double-wheel drive, microchannel products are expected to be thick and thin: in addition to the rapid development of new energy vehicles, companies continue to grow steadily in home power operations, with microchannel operations such as large central air conditioning, cold cabinets, cold chain transport as a strategic force point for companies in the future.
Investment proposal: a company that is a leading player in global new energy car heat management, is competitive, and I'm a research institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.