q1 with high profit growth and a wide space for zero business - year 2020 & year 2021 Quarterly forecast
High-speed growth in auto parts and components operations, with a steady increase in Māori rates The growth in corporate revenue in 2020 was mainly due to vehicle parts and components operations, which generated sales revenue of $2,469 million, an increase of 49.57 per cent over the same period; refrigeration and air-conditioning electrical parts operations were smooth and sales were realized
The Māori rate rose steadily, from 0.21 ptt to 29.81 per cent in 2019, with 16.63 per cent in auto spare parts and refrigeration/air-conditioning electrical parts, mainly due to an increase in administrative costs due to the increase in employee remuneration and share payments.
1.03 pt, financial cost rate increases by 1.13 pct due to exchange gains and losses. Supply and demand in beneficiary industries increased significantly, with 2021q1 profits rising from previous years.
Good trend: Rings rise by 2.39 pct and 0.18 pc to 32.53 per cent in the same year, but management costs and impairments delay short-term performance. 2021q1 benefits from both supply and demand in the industry, company RACs revenue structure (2020)
There has been a significant increase in spare parts and auto parts operations and a significant increase in profitability compared to previous years' levels.The new energy car heat management business has a wide space and orders are sufficient to guarantee development.
Benz, BMW, Volvo, Toyota, General, Gilly, Biadei, Upper Steam, Uranium, Mainstream Producers, and others. In the context of auto electricization, electronic expansion valves, four valves, heat pumps, etc., have been compared to 300 deep in the last six months.
The demand for a wide range of heat management products has increased, while companies have actively promoted the supply of components of their products, increasing the value of their bicycles and increasing the competitiveness of their businesses. Recently, companies have become exclusive suppliers of the Verdi technology, the upper steam group, and the universal car heat management product.
Market recognition that the auto parts business is expected to continue to develop at a high pace, with the risks of under-sale of products, fluctuations in raw material prices, exchange rate fluctuations
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.