The 2020 revenue meets expectations and looks forward to the long-term growth potential of the new energy track Events: companies publish annual reports, achieving business income of $12.1 billion a year, +7.29 per cent a year; returnees 1, company performance analysis: companies achieved business income of $12.1 billion a year, +7.29 per cent a year,
Although the first half of the year was overstretched by the effects of the epidemic, the second half of the year began to work, causing performance to continue to grow throughout the year. The company returns a net profit of $1.47 billion and a net interest rate of 12.17 per cent for the whole year, if this is an increase over the last year. Of this, the management cost was 6.31 per cent, compared to the same amount.
The annual increase of 1.03 pct is driven by various factors, such as employee pay, share pay and so on. The financial cost increases by 1.13 pcc over the same period last year, mainly due to currency exchange losses and total market value/flow (million yuan)
3x50 " Pacific Motors Team " , 3x10 -- New projects with more flowers, continuous validation, 2,469 million revenues in auto parts business, a significant increase of 49.55 per cent over the same year: companies
As a leading player in the management of new energy automobiles, income was 2,469 million for the year 2020, 3x3 performance rating (002050), " Three q3 performance rating " , significant increase of 49.55 per cent, with the deadline for performance realization.
The Māori level is expected to benefit from the company in the next few years, with a slightly lower cost of 28.91% of Māori, a gradual recovery in operations and a recovery in scale in the second half of the year.
With new energy, zero operations will continue to grow at a very high rate, and from the announced targeted projects, it will be possible to see companies grow into global hot-management enterprises with not only good domestic customer resources, but also well-developed foreign bbas, which are expected to become global in the future.
3. Refrigeration and air-conditioning electrical services have been stable throughout the year, with microchannel operations or growth potential: the Department of Public Administration ' s Refrigeration and Air-Conditioned Electrical Parts and Components in 2020 received $9.64 billion, and the same year, $9.63 billion in revenue remained stable. It was also active in the second half of the year, overcoming the first half of the year.
The impact of the epidemic. At the same time, the Māori rate for home power operations is 29.83%, an increase of 29.42% over last year, plus 0.41pct, indicating that the company's business is more mature and stable. Microchannel operations are mainly large central air conditioners, used in freezer, cold chain logistics, and we expect global cold chains.
With about 20 billion market space and 1.2 billion in 2018, we predict that with the optimization of the cost of domestic and foreign customers, the market share of companies is expected to increase further, with great potential for growth.
Investment proposals: The company is working in the field of new energy car heat management, and there is much room for future growth.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the information in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.