Starwoo shares (601799.sh) went beyond the auto industry, strategic co-operatives upgraded the headlights, stock clients continued to add up to the downstream new vehicle-type project, and company sales outperformed at 20203.
Sustained growth (Chire, Red Flag, etc.) combined with downstream new vehicle-type projects (desirable, arronous, etc.) and corporate captures outpaced the car industry by 21 pct (car output growth rate of the same year + 4.0%). Xpixel smartlight solution released in September of the year (dealable 1 million pixel-grade precision tracking)
It is expected to be used for the upcoming December, when the Sorbonne shares and Hua will be signing a letter of intent to cooperate in the light-carved operation of the luminous product line, thereby upgrading the intelligence of the powerful joint drive of the lighting industry.
The company's new orders, new products, and the share of new energy customers are expected to accelerate. In the first half of 2023, the company took over 17 vehicle-type light development projects and 2 vehicle-type electrical development projects to produce 36 new vehicle-type projects.
In terms of products, the company is currently developing new product technologies based on dmd technology.
Dlp smart headlamps, expected to be produced by the end of 2023; hd smart headlamps, based on microlled technology, expected to reach production levels in 2024; independent platform carlight controllers produced for a 9 per cent increase in net profit loops in the first quarter of Starwoo shares (601799.sh) - products
On the client side, the company's clients cover foreign capital (Demler, BMW, etc.), joint ventures (a big one, Stars stock (601799.sh) - product upgrade, customer transformation, global traffic lights, Toyota, etc.), autonomy and new energy sources (a red flag, Gilly, Chiri, Ideas, Ulre, etc.)
“Sung-woo shares” (601799.sh) - strategic collaboration with the Horizon to advance “Liao Peng and a well-known international new energy company, etc.) “Sung-woo shares (601799.sh)” - company proposes to buy back shares to stimulate and recommend them on an ongoing basis
One billion yuan, an increase of 21.34 per cent in the same year, and 782 million yuan in the net return to the mother, an increase of 3.67 per cent in the same year. For the break-up season, 2,8203 million dollars, or +25.23 per cent, ring +12.40 per cent, net profit to the mother, or 315 million dollars, are higher than in the automobile industry, and corporate revenue is higher than in the car industry by 21 pct (the rate of increase in motor output is equal to +4 per cent).
Figure 2: Quarterly operating income and rate of increase over the same period for the share of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the star, figure 5: Māori rate and net interest rate for the share of the stock of the stock of the stock of the star, figure 6: Māori rate and net interest rate for the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the star
In terms of cost rates, in the first three quarters of 2023, the company ' s four rates were 9.52 per cent, the same year-0.23 pct, with sales/figure 8: Four cost changes in the first three quarters of the stock stock stock, 20203, stock sales increase, build-up of the new power-increment pattern, company revenue increase
It's going beyond the car industry by 21 pct. 20203, it's going up by 25.23%, it's going up by 4.04%, and it's going beyond the car industry by 21.19 pct. According to the Chinese Air Association, it's going to be 2023 q3, and it's going to be like that.
Figure 9: Annual comparison of the rate of increase in vehicle/car fleet production and the rate of increase in the share of the stock of the stock of the stock of the planet, Figure 10: Quarterly comparison of the rate of increase in vehicle/car fleet production and the rate of increase in the share of the stock of the stock of the stock of the company
With regard to post-combined lamps, there is a clear trend towards the development of the trans-vestigated lights, which increase the size of the vehicle's tails and make the vehicle more attractive.
On the small light side, the domestic atmosphere is a new growth point because of consumer-specific demands. At the same time, car interior lights, such as logo lamps and lighting grids, are increasingly being used by major companies, product dimensions are strengthening new technology development applications, and customer dimensions are constantly increasing the start of new energy vehicle-type projects.
Product dimensions, companies strengthening the development and application of new technologies and synergizing through industrial chains (Rain Soft Horizon, on the one hand, the company has in recent years intensified the development and application of new technology for carlights and introduced new products such as light controllers, " one berthing" solutions.
On the other hand, on October 15, 2021, the permanent State Starlight Company Ltd. and Rainbow Soft Technology had limited shares.
The company has formally signed a strategic cooperation agreement in Hangzhou. Both parties will fully integrate and coordinate the production of sophisticated optical electronics, supply chain management, based on the innovative development capabilities of rainbow soft technology in the design of smart visual systems, the use of optical sensors, the integration of system software and all-out visual algorithms and applications.
In addition, the horizons had previously announced the completion of the c3 rounds of $350 million in financing, and the strategic holding of a large number of car industry companies, including the Sorbonne shares, up and down the chain.
Figure 17: Rainbow Soft Technical Capability Figure 18: Roadmap, Horizon Series Chip, 16 February 2022, Changzhou Starlights Inc. and Hua Tsang Ltd., East China
China signed a letter of intent to cooperate in light-based smart-car operations. According to the agreement, the two sides will work together in a mutually beneficial manner, with a view to serving global clients, and will work together in a strategic partnership in the area of smart-lighting to build a close strategic partnership for sustainable development.
The end-to-end capability of manufacturing delivery, leading the development of the smart lights industry, creating a continuously leading intellectual system solution in industry that is competitive, as well as full operational cooperation in the area of smart vehicle lighting. We believe that dlp project and adb lights are entering the market, and that this will be an opportunity for traditional carlight companies.
It is also a challenge that industrial chains are particularly important in the context of new technological changes in the carlight industry, and that Stars, in collaboration with upstream firms such as chip, software algorithms, based on such advantages as their own traditional structural, optical and electronic designs, are expected to continue to take the lead in the development of forward-looking products, widening the gap with the brand of other autonomous car lamps in the country.
On 25 September 2023, at the launch of the New Autumn Show for China, the Director of Smart Motor Solutions announced that aito's flag ship, suv-type m9, would be on the market in December and introduced its application.
The Xpixel smartlight solution, through a double-light integration algorithm, allows for a more flexible use of small size modelling. At the same time, the Xpixel mind allows for a million-pixel-grade accurate tracking mask, similar to the sketches, which will allow for the location of cars, drivers, and drivers.
In addition to upgrading the basic performance of the lights, there are many innovations in the interactive nature of the lights. The Xpixel smartlight solution starts with smart blankets, which can help the driver judge.
In the blind zone of sight, Xpixel smarts, lights can project interactive carpets, reminding others that vehicles are close, smart carpets can also do the guiding light. They can project lights without zebra lines, guide pedestrians to safe passage, turn and turn ahead.
Reminds others of the path of the vehicle; in addition, Xpixel smartlights, in conjunction with xpixelkits, send a package that adapts to more applications, such as immediate welcome, holiday egg, music action, outdoor projection, etc., to interact in light language, giving cars unlimited possibilities to communicate with people.
On February 15, 2023, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed in Changzhou between Starwood shares and Horizon, announcing that it would use the Car Code Chip Plus algorithm as its core base. On the basis of Tossing's years of experience in the field of intelligent manufacturing, the entry point will be the Portfolio, with the objective of operational cooperation being “in compliance with the rules, in order to achieve production, in order to meet delivery”.
The horizons have previously announced the completion of the c3 rounds of $350 million in financing to secure strategic support for a large number of car industry firms, including the Sorbonne shares, both upstream and downstream.
Figure 24: Strategic collaboration between the Stars and Horizons. Figure 25: Strategic collaboration between the Stars and the Horizons.
An internal head car company is officially targeted and is expected to produce in 2023. Only a single inch #3 with a sensor configuration of 5r6v can easily achieve a level-I2+ car support that includes variable aids; in the same time, time-use recovery of computing resources can be achieved on the same soc chip through software and algorithm optimization.
Combining parking aids, such as parking. The program fully exploits the potential of the journey through unique software architecture3 to enhance product competitiveness at high value, thereby enabling more entry-type end-users to experience the benefits of the mobility aids.
Figure 26: Following up on the "Mobble as One" solution, which was developed on the horizons of the 3-car-size chip, the shares will further expand the sequence of intellectually driven products. In this case, the development of an intelligent view controller with the same one-way chip of the 3-chip is being synchronized, with a more traditional smart camera, Eto-Sung.
Three decades of research and development in the area of car lights will combine visual sensing techniques and smart light control, giving the lights greater sense and interactive ability to upgrade the product experience of users. The high-calculation platform products of the series of drive-by chips are ready for launch and will support piloting at the functional level.
Auxiliary driving, memory parking, intelligent light control, etc. High-level driving and intellectual control applications. Based on a sequence of drive-by chips and other smart driving frontier technologies, horizons provide a solid technological “ground” for solutions for the development of “one berth” and enabling smart car lamps for the stars, while both sides provide a sound technological “ground” for future intelligence vehicles.
There is also a high degree of convergence in the judgement of trends in the car industry. This strategic collaboration will fully facilitate the organic integration of multi-domain operations, jointly actively explore intelligent frontier technologies, develop market leaders’ smart car products, and jointly promote the development of the smart car industry.
• Order dimensions, quality new projects that provide a strong guarantee for the future development of the company. In the first half of 2023, the company took over 17 vehicle-type light development projects and 2 vehicle-type electronic development projects to achieve 36 new vehicle-type project batches, and quality new projects provided a strong basis for the future development of the company
In the first half of 2022, companies accounted for about 40% of the number of new energy vehicle projects undertaken, and high-quality new projects provided a strong guarantee for the future development of the company. Currently, the company’s clients cover one type of gas, the general public, the general public, and the public.
Volkswagen, Daimler, BMW, General Motors, Toyota I, Toyota Hiro, Hitoshiki, Hiro Hiro Honda, Dong Feng Honda, Chang Anjuda, red flag, sedan, Liberator, Jili, General Mitsubishi, Volkswagen, Chir, Ululu, Peng, Idea, etc.
On October 12, 2023, the Global Partners Conference of the ideal car was held in Changzhou in 2023, with the share of the ideal car being awarded the “Collaborative Win” Award. The new journey, with the share of the ideal car, was used as a strategy for the ideal car.
Partnering will always serve as a client, working together, immersing in research, development and innovation, upgrading technological advantages, stabilizing the quality of products, and will contribute in a more open, trustful and win-win manner to the ideal of a car to re-create its performance and to revitalize the nation's auto industry.
On October 17, 2023, at the meeting of partners, 2023, Star Woo won the 2023th Award for Partners of Excellence in Quality (nqpp). The first new Energy Partnership for Quality (nqpp) was the full-scale quality assessment of partners in the automobile industry and the quality and production of partners' products.
The highest recognition of craft is the most important prize awarded to a partner. The achievement of honour is not only a high degree of recognition of Star's tireless pursuit of excellence in quality, but also the ergonomic dimension of its products and services recognized by many clients, the company's strengthening of the production layout, and the upgrading of intellectual manufacturing.
Currently, the company ' s automobile electronics and lighting research and development centre is partially operational, and construction projects such as the smart industry gardening and modelling plant, phase five, etc., are well advanced.The company has completed the repurchase of shares to be used in follow-up employee holding schemes
As of 31 July 2023, the share of Star Woo had been repurchased to follow up on the employee holding plan. 1) As of 30 April 2023, the company had completed its first repurchase of shares and repurchased 1.41 million shares (up to a maximum price of 119.00 cumulatively at $220 million (including transaction costs).
In addition, the company accelerates the digital transformation. The objective is to promote digitalization from the four directions of research and development, manufacturing, operation and decision-making, to enhance the application of systems and data by the business sector and to ensure that the planned results of the digitalization project are accepted and evaluated.
A short-term dimension of 20203, accompanied by continued growth of stock clients (Chire, a red flag, etc.) and the addition of new downstream vehicles.
In the medium- and long-term, new orders from Starwoo shares plus new products plus new products can protect performance.
The Quality Excellence Award has been introduced into the system of suppliers of new forces (America, Pelican, Ideas) and self-owned head brand clients (Acquis), and has acquired projects. In the first half of 2023, the company took over 17 vehicle-type lamps Development projects and 2 vehicle-type e-development projects to achieve 36 new vehicle-type project batches and high quality new ones.
The project provides a strong guarantee for the future development of the company; the production dimension, the company's electronics and lighting research and development centre, is partially operational, and construction projects such as the smart industry gardening plant, phase five, are well advanced; the product dimension, the adb continued penetration (from less than 2 per cent in 2019 to 9 per cent in 2022), with dlp
New technologies, such as projected headlights and adb headlamps, have been introduced into the market, and new technology development applications have been enhanced in Starwood. New technology development directions for pre-corporate products include dlp headlamps based on dmd technologies, which are expected to be available by the end of 2023; and Hd headlamps based on microlled technologies, which are expected to reach production levels by 2024;
On February 15, 2023, Starwoo and Horizon signed a strategic cooperation agreement in Changzhou to jointly promote the production of the "Mobble as One" solution, which was developed on the basis of the "Mobble as One" 3 car code chip.
In 2023, the company is expected to achieve a performance resonance from the release of new products, such as car-type orders + overseas plants +adb, and the "one berthing" solution. A flexible, long-duration light track with high end (synchronous, high-end German), globalisation.
It's logical to take steps and start head-to-head and new-power customers in the larger context of the rise of autonomous brands and new powers. Consider the impact of impairment losses, make a slight adjustment to the profits forecast.
Boda, the sound-disrupting conglomerate, Inc. conducts comparable corporate valuations (comparable to the market value of a company or close to the business field), with three comparable companies averaging about 25 times the average pere in 2024. We update the one-year Starwoo project, the authors ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, and by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, we have been able to determine that there is a significant increase in the number of cases in which the data are collected.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author