Silver-Thai gold (000975), non-ferrous metals q3 operating well and growing gold operations continuing at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company achieved a total operating income of $6.43 billion in the first three quarters of 2022, i.e. +9.9 per cent of the year, net profit of $930 million, i.e. 10.4 per cent of the year; net profit of $900 million, i.e., 8.7 per cent of the year, q3 of which was a healthy one-quarter gold business and production growth was expected to remain constant: the company ' s gold production pace was robust and q3 was real
Gold production now stands at 2.2 tons, with an estimated 8.6 tons of gold produced throughout the year. The domestic cost of Qinghai and Dong An mines is stable, and the cost of Qinghai and Tung An mine is significantly reduced. The mining certificate for 1.2 million tons/year of Chinese gold in Man City is moving forward, with 5 tons/year of gold produced after delivery, and the Chinese gold mine will be a future increase in gold business.
Silver lead and zinc operations were restored in an orderly manner: the first half of the year was affected by the Beijing Winter Olympics and the Winterly Paralympics, which made it impossible to acquire explosives, which affected the production schedule and the overall profitability of the company. q3 Dragon production was restored in an orderly manner.
The Fed’s rate-up rate is expected to slow on the margins of q4, and long-term inflation center is projected in the context of the energy transition.
Keeping it high, real interest rates are expected to fall before they peak, and the dollar is in the build-up phase, where the price of gold will remain at a combined rate of 28.1%. Gold operations will increase substantially, with greater certainty about the company’s performance, and a “buy-in” rating will be maintained.
1. Silver-Thai gold (000975). Short-term performance is disturbed, and the gold plate growth continues (2022-09-01) has not been, and will not be, compensated in any form, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.