New energy operator with a fast-deep rise in the sea wind — three gorge energy depth report (600905)
Category of report: Corporate studies Rapid growth of wind and light engines, driving company performance into fast lanes By the end of 2021, companies had a grid capacity of 22,896.3 thousand kilowatts (kW), of which 14,269.2 million wind and power installed
Kilowatts, 841.19 million kW of photovoltaics. The combined wind power, photovoltaic power generation and network capacity of the company totals 22,681.1 thousand kW, exceeding the installed capacity of the three gorge hydropower stations (22.5 million kW), with the expected completion of the first “windlight three gorges”.
In 2021, the company added 3.2gw, representing 19.2 per cent of the country’s new sea wind load; the company accumulated 4.6gw capacity.
The objective of the 14th Five-Year Plan is ambitious, and the shareholder background provides strong support The company, as the strategic implementer of the new energy business of the Three-Federation Group, planned to be achieved during the 14th-Fifteenth.
New energy loading 70-80gw, the company plans to achieve the addition of no less than 5gw per year during the "145" period, and to guarantee the first coverage of the subject of the "Increased" rating, the first coverage, and the "Increased" rating we give.
1.1. Corporate development: In 1985, the China Water Industry Development Corporation, the predecessor of the three gorges of energy, was established as a direct subsidiary of the Ministry of Water and Resources, with the main objective
At the end of 2008, the company was incorporated into the tri-gorge group and became the full-time director of the tri-gorge group in China. In 2019, the company completed the reform of its ownership system and changed it to China's tri-gorge new energy company, Inc. In June 2021, the company was officially placed on the market. The company focused on new energy generation, actively developing wind power and photovoltaic projects.
At the same time, the steady promotion of small- and medium-scale hydropower is a leading player in the new energy generation sector. The company’s operations now cover the country’s 30 provinces and are located in the first echelons of the country’s new energy enterprises, in terms of size and profitability.
The tri-gorges group, as the real owner of the company, holds 49% of the company’s shares directly and 3.49% indirectly through the tri-orthon capital, holding a total of 52.49%. The capital of the capital is owned by 3.49% of the companies, of which 3.49% are owned by the capital, the capital of the capital and the public utility.
Figure 1: Box figure on equity and control relations between the company and its controlling shareholders 1.1.2. The company ' s latest equity structure: the company ' s actual controllers have not changed. According to the information disclosed in the first quarter of 2022, the tri-gorge group directly held 14 billion shares of the company, representing the company ' s total equity.
48.92 per cent of the shareholders in the company, indirectly holding 998 million shares in the company through three gorges of capital, representing 3.49 per cent of the company ' s total shares, and the company ' s ultimate real control is the State Property Oversight and Management Committee of the State Council.
2.1 The company's main operations and products have always been based on the strategic objective of “The Windy Three Gorges” and “The Wind Leader at Sea” in order to maintain both its size and its efficiency. At the end of 2021, the company installed a grid capacity of 2,289.63 kilowatts (kW), of which 1,426.92k was installed.
Thousands of kilowatts, exceeding the capacity of the three gorge hydroelectric plants (22.5 million kilowatts) and the completion of the first “Footlight Three Gorges” as scheduled. 3.337 kilowatts, representing 19.15 per cent of the national market, were added to the company's offshore wind power during the “Rock Up” in 2021, with a cumulative capacity of 457.52 kilowatts, accounting for 17.3 per cent of the national market, up from 17.3 per cent.
2.5 percentage points, the size of the offshore wind and electrical loaders is at the forefront of the industry. During the “14-05” period, the Tri-Firth Group planned to achieve 70-80gw new energy loadings, as a key strategic implementer of the Group's new energy business, and the Company planned to achieve no less than 5gw in additions per year during the “14-F” period and to maintain a steady growth trend, following national and local policies.
By 2021, the company had launched the offshore wind power project on a scale of 4.6gw, which is far higher than the holdings of the China-China Energy and Jiangsu New Energy.
By 2021, the company was building a sea wind project of 3.0gw, leading the construction or acquisition of a sea wind project in China, China, China, and Jiangsu. According to the company ' s annual report, 19.2 per cent of the country ' s new sea wind engines were added in 2021, and the market share of the sea wind project was about 17.3 per cent.
There has been a steady increase in the number of company wind and light-voltage hours, with the three gorges using 1385 hours of light-voltage in 2021, a level relative to the previous year, exceeding the national average of 222 hours, and wind and electricity using 2314 hours, an increase of 77 hours compared to the previous year, exceeding the national average of 68 hours.
With the significant growth of the company ' s offshore wind power plant and the efficiency gains resulting from the wind engine build-up, it is expected that the number of hours spent by the company will continue to increase.The company ' s main business structure for the year 2021: the company ' s main business is mainly wind power, photovoltaic power, hydroelectric power.
In 2021, the company completed the production of 3,306.9 million kilowatt-hours, an increase of 42.5 per cent over the same period, of which 22,889 million kilowatt-hours were generated by wind, an increase of 44.70 per cent over the same period; 9,499 million kilowatt-hours were generated by photovoltaics, an increase of 42.90 per cent over the same period.
Of these, 9,417 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) were traded on the electricity market, accounting for 29.23 per cent of the annual amount. Wind power: in 2021, the cumulative installed capacity of the company ' s wind power amounted to 1,426.92 kilowatt-hours (kW) of the country ' s wind power industry.
Thousands of kilowatts, representing 17.34 per cent of the country's market share, an increase of 2.5 percentage points in the same year; in 2021, the share of photovoltaic power generated by the company reached 8,41.19 kilowatts in 2021, representing 2.74 per cent of the national market share of solar power generation, an increase of 0.2 percentage points in the same year. In 2021, the component achieved operating income.
Wind and photovoltaic operations account for the vast majority of corporate sales earnings and Māori. In 2021, the company achieved operating profits of $6,784 million, an increase of 57.65 per cent in the same year; the parent company achieved net profits of $5,642 million, an increase of 56.26 per cent in the same year. In the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved operating revenues of $5,789 million, an increase of 51.84 per cent in the same year; and the operating profits were realized.
For $27.15 billion, an increase of 51.23 per cent in the same year; for the parent company, a net profit of $2,571 million, an increase of 59.97 per cent in the same year. 34.83 per cent, the Māori rate and net interest rate both increased significantly, mainly as a result of income growth resulting from the increase in the company ' s new energy load in 2021 and the cost of the company ' s listing.
The combined Māori rate and net interest rate are 67.22% and 44.42% respectively, and good control of internal outbreak control and efficiency gains within the company have further enhanced the profitability of the company. The continued increase in the volume of wind and light machines and the improved efficiency of the company’s internal operations have resulted in the overall profitability of the company.
Corporate asset-liability ratios are at the same level as industry averages, and as a new source of energy, credit resources guarantee a firm’s solvency. The firm’s financial leverage has remained stable in recent years, and asset turnover rates have improved.
2.2 The company's main business layout and strategic development planning of $21 billion continue to grow with the key business performance indicators, achieving a good start of the 14th Five, and contributing to the “tri-Gorges” to support the achievement of the “double carbon” goal and the construction of new power systems.
The successful listing of companies and the creation of valuable returns for shareholders The successful listing of energy in the isthmus marks the successful completion of the company's three-step reform road map of “share change-marketing” ... towards a new phase of self-rolling development. In 2021, the company's business performance increased significantly and its profitability increased further.
Total operating income was $15,484 million, an increase of 36.85 per cent over the year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies combined with the actual operating and financial situation, taking into account factors such as normal operations and long-term development, reasonable returns for shareholders, and the Department issued a cash dividend of $1,083 million (including taxes) in 2021.
(ii) Focus on scale development, “The Windy Three Gorges” was built on schedule in 2021, and companies responded positively to the challenges of multi-point distribution of the epidemic, rising the price of photovoltaic components, etc., by seizing progress, catching quality, controlling costs, and completing priority projects on schedule and with high quality.
Pilot projects to achieve the first phase of grid-connection: land-based wind-light projects such as the three-phase wind-power project in the Qinghai tin-taire mining area and the Hebei Conservative Price-Network Demonstration Project generate electricity on time; offshore wind-power projects such as the Guangdong Yangjiang Sall, Fujian Gang Bay II, Jiangsu-dong and Dae Fung II are on schedule for grid-connected power generation: the company's first independent energy storage station and the first Shandong Province storage-capability demonstration project
In late 2021, the company installed a grid capacity of 2,289,633,000 kW, of which 1,426.92 kW were wind and PV 841.19 kW were installed.
A total of 2,268.11 thousand kilowatts, exceeding the installed capacity of the three gorge hydropower stations (22.5 million kilowatts), and the completion of the first “Footlight Three Gorges” as scheduled. (iii) A firm implementation of the “Sea Wind Leader” strategy, with a significant increase in the size of the network
At the end of the reporting period, the company concentrated its efforts on the development of offshore wind power, with a combined capacity of 4,575.2 million kW in the production of offshore wind power projects in Guangdong, Jiangsu, Fujian and Liaoning.
Source, to improve the efficiency of maritime operations, in an effort to “do everything together.” Among them, the first full-capacity offshore wind power generation project under the Fujiang Bay II project, the Guangdong Yangjiang Sarble Sea wind power project, was the first million kilowatt-class offshore wind power base in the country, and the Jiangsu East Sea wind power project was the first soft for Asia.
The offshore wind and wind projects for the sex-directed transmission technology, and the Jiangsu Great Sea Wind and Power II project have created innovative models of development that are currently farthest off-shore in the country, and resource acquisition has led to new breakthroughs. Companies have closely followed national and local policies, carefully studied industry developments, adjusted their response strategies in a timely manner, and are working with the State.
In the reporting period, new project approvals/receipts, new construction indicators were in excess of 16 million kilowatts. In the country’s first project of about 100 million kilowatts of wind and light-voltage.
The project of 68.5 million kW Bases. The project of the largest single body in the world – the 2 million kW WV Sand Demonstration Project in Kubu, Inner Mongolia Base – was launched in the year it was filed. The project of the Qing Haixi Base, the Qinghai Sea Base, the luminum voltage heat project, and the Hainanki two-stage photovoltaic heat project, have been steadily moving forward, filling the void in the company's photovoltaic power generation project.
(v) Implementation of the project for the implementation of the national medium- and long-term planning priorities for the extraction of water energy through the introduction of a streamlined transport dimension, the “green power” energy support, and the full implementation of the project “Remote central surveillance, on-site unmanned (small-scale), regional self-revision and harmonization of regulations
In 2021, nine provincial centres of control were established, 35 district control points were set up, and “three centres” were implemented in production management, i.e., centralized production management, centralized operations, centralized operations, and centralized production management.
It is centralized, unified management, deployment, coordination, operation, and marketing of power production at the stations under its control.
The equipment is used for overhaul work to achieve high-quality and efficient inspection of photovoltaic assemblies, wind blades, transmission lines, etc., through drones; to carry out robotic smart patrol pilot work; and to install photovoltaic components of robotic auto-cleaning devices.