Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Center Short-term capacity constraints in the industry continue to raise profit projections.
The semiconductor manufacturing industry has been characterized by a high level of production capacity utilization since late 2020, owing to, inter alia, long, 5g mobile phone penetration and related infrastructure development and the revival of the automobile industry”, and the latest information suggests that the price of raw materials, such as silver lines, continues to be high owing to continued strong demand, shortages of materials such as base plates, and the price of copper lines.
The supply-stressed pattern, which continues to be high, shows no signs of relief in the short term, except for the initial loading of the package, large-sized fly-chip, system-grade sip, and high-end crystal-circle envelopes, which show varying degrees of growth in the order cycle. Based on the current production cycle of the mainstream sealer, I,
The expected reduction in the production-control bias pattern has been postponed from the second half of 2021 to 2022.
Industry capacity expansion has been cautious, capital spending has increased in 2020, and we expect that the main containment plants will continue to increase their capital spending in 2021 as compared to 2020 in the 3-quarterly report on long-power technology.
The implementation of the plan for the expansion of capital spending is also funded. But, by 3. The Biannual Review of Long Power Technologies - Starring Gold Plumbing, which is limited in the production of upstream equipment such as piece-laying equipment, testing equipment, etc., we believe that the actual production capacity is short-term.
In the long run, due to the closure of the industry over the past few years, 4. Long-Range Technology Annual Report and a quarterly review - Management
As a result of continued M&As, the pattern of increased concentration in the sector is optimized, and the overall expansion of production capacity is more orderly. The industry’s top-heavy firms will benefit significantly: in the current industry’s high-scene environment, the closed enterprises’ capacity utilization continues to be at high levels, with a 10-20% increase in the price of some products, we believe.
Several factors will make a significant contribution to the profitability of long-term power companies, such as long-range technology. The continued increase in demand for the sip from Korean factories and the prospect of a loss from the Singapore factory at Hsing Kim Pong: the Korea plant and the Korea Chief Power supply mainly the sip envelope, which is now entering wearing equipment, wifi, uwb, and so on.
We believe that the current trend of modularization and miniaturization in the consumption of electronics is clear, and that companies are expected to obtain more orders and revenues on the sip seal. By streamlining their operations over the past two years, Singapore’s factories are expected to achieve a significant improvement in profitability, which is expected to be reversed by 2021.
JUNG JUNG: Supply chain repeats orders: power supply/Intel power state-of-the-art encapsulation analysis of relevant report ratings in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment