Three seasons of high performance, with the release of a significant three-quarterly forecast for the Tianfu News (300394) The company issued a three-quarter performance forecast for 2018: $8,933.2 million in corporate profits during the reporting period - $9,333.2 million.
The net profits attributable to the company ' s listed shareholders increased in the first three quarters of 2018 compared to the same period in the previous year. On one side, there was a higher growth in overseas sales, coupled with profits from changes in the exchange rate of the dollar against the renminbi and fiscal revenue management.
The same growth: on the other hand, the company’s main new product line gradually increased its capacity and sales revenue during the reporting period. 20.18 million yuan to $6 million, compared to $5.522 million during the same period last year.
In 2018, new breakthroughs were made in the company ' s new product lines, with product lines, such as osa, cable, lenses, separators, all achieving programme certification for major clients this year, sustained expansion of production capacity, and three quarters of performance as a result of a deep build-up in the previous period.
Significant growth. For old product lines such as ceramic tubes, hair and hair components, and fibre optic adapters, the company's drop-down measures will increase the layout of the luminous modules, with downstream industry high-profile companies expected to benefit \triangleright
In the first half of 2018, the company ' s non-public distribution was approved by the CVM, and the targeted additions were concentrated in light-module envelopes. It is expected that after the project ' s completion, 30.6 million additional high-speed-light modules with annual capacity will be added. Some of the wrapping lines are now being delivered in small quantities, while others are undergoing intensive testing and delivery.
Large-scale construction of data centres for firms and domestic producers such as Ali, as well as the layout of the global operator 5g, the rapid development of the luminous module industry, with companies downstream with large domestic and international light module manufacturers, good customer profiles and stable customer relationships, will benefit significantly from the rapid development of downstream industries.
The development of new products has fallen short of expectations: the downstream light module industry has not developed as much as expected.
There's a decline, emerging business helps long-term development.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association (CVA), ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.