In addition, the company's currency exchange earnings were $84 million, compared to last year's.
Large. As downstream terminal demand warms back, downstream to stock is complete, companies pick up at the same rate in the first quarter of the year. Big clients sell their phones at the same rate, and corporate communications income is almost equal.
In 2023, global smartphones were projected to be about 1,164 million (youy-3.5 per cent), the lowest in 10 years, but apple sales grew by 3.7 per cent over the same period. In addition, companies spent $7,975 million (youy-39.59 per cent) on electronics and computer panels in 23 years, while the Māori rate was 22.7 per cent (youy-4.8 pt), also dominated.
If it is affected by weak downstream demand, according to idc data, in 2023 there were 181 million (yoy-13.0 per cent) global electricity discharges, and 128 million (yoy-21.0 per cent) flatboards throughout the year. The demand for 4q23 consumer electronics has gradually warmed back and is expected to boost the demand for a new round of switchboards as a person moves the terminal.
In order to respond to the need for the development of a suit, the company has now upgraded its main power-producing product layer to over 16-20l. In addition to its overseas clients, the company is also active in developing domestic server-related areas and is currently in the mainstream.
In addition, the company already has the technical capacity to produce photo-mode block products in the stock of products. The company has sufficient technological resources, the industry leads, and the firm’s computing board is expected to grow rapidly with client validation and import.
At the same time, the company accelerated the construction of the Thai plant, phase one.
According to a study by the Taiwan Institute of Technology, vehicle usage at pcb is expected to increase by 50% in 2028, with Hdi and fpc products being driven by products such as adas, smart cabins and battery panels.
Investment proposal: As the demand for downstream companies was lower than previously anticipated, we re-suppositioned that the net return profit for downstream large clients (002938.sz) increased by 51 per cent over the same period in 2022, and 76 per cent over the same period for Penang (002938.sz)-3022 over the same period.
Stiff growth, slp, ultra thin hdi, etc.
Figure 2: Peripheral control 1-quarter operating income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan, %) Figure 5: Peripheral control Māori rate, changes in net interest rates Figure 7: Peripheral control application area ratio
Figure 8: The Māori ratio in the area of the dot control share application The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party by reasoning and drawing conclusions; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future