E-consumption of consumption, i-leading new demand for pcb Investment rating: increase (first) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The company ' s revenue of 1q24 amounted to $6.69 billion, an increase of 0.3 per cent in the same year; the Māori rate of 20.4 per cent, a growth of 24.8 per cent in the same year, and the company ' s revenue of $2.20 billion in April, a rise in the consumer electronics market that has gradually recovered and the pace of innovation has not been halted.
In 2023, the consumer electronics industry showed a stronger year-round feature: weak end demand in the first half of the year, and, according to the advisory body Canalys, the global smartphone output dropped by 12 per cent from 1q23 to 12 per cent.
The total output of laptops and other smart terminal equipment has also declined significantly over the same period. In the second half of the year, several well-known brands, such as Apple and Hua, have been launching heavy-pound new products, multiplying the many good policies that have been put in place, and the consumer electronics market has gradually reversed its depression.
The global smartphone market fell by less than 1% in 3q23, with a growth of 8% in 4q23, ending seven consecutive quarters of the decline. In terms of innovation, the inverse growth of folding screen phones and the emergence of ai phones have also brought new and innovative elements to the smartphone industry, bringing new growth drivers to the industry.
The emergence of new products of the big head producers, smart glasses, will also spur the maturity of the meta-cosm industry, which is represented by smart glasses; at the end of the individual pc, the aipc product is expected to grow rapidly, with a new cycle of innovation in the market as a result of the iAPP pc and tablet products.
A new cycle of innovation in the consumer electronics chain. • Consumer electronic recovery, i-drawpcb’s new demand 2023, a new cycle of artificial intelligence and arithmetic revolution triggered by chhatgpt.
The advent of aipc, ai cellular phones and ai terminals has led to a new round of electronic consumer innovation and re-engineering, accelerating the recovery of the entire electronics industry and bringing new blue seas to industry development. The huge demand for arithmetic technology has opened up the market space for ai servers and the associated demand for pcb products.
Rapid growth, coupled with growing demands for computing, will be accompanied by rising demands for pcb-related products, increasing demand for multi-layers and high-speed boards, and a global production of hdi-type products of $8.2 billion per year for pcb on servers and storage.
At $13.8 billion, the five-year compound growth rate averaged 11.0 per cent per year, increasing faster than the other pcb categories. In addition, there is a growing trend of innovation in i terminal hardware, which, according to the advisory body idc, showed 170 million smart cell phones in 2024, accounting for nearly 15 per cent of the total.
Aipc-type products are also expected to become industry mainstream in the future, offering more opportunities for the development of the pcb sector and a new blue sea for industrial development. Market recovery is not as good as expected: increased competition in the market: big customers are not making as much progress as expected.
Consumer e-markets gradually recovered evenly; the cost rate for the period was 10.0 per cent, a fall of 2.4 pct over the same period, mainly a significant decrease in financial costs; net repatriation profit of $50 million, an increase of 18.8 per cent over the same period; net non-repatriation profit of $504 million, an increase of 24.8 per cent over the same period.
In April, the Division achieved an income of $2.20 billion, an increase of 52.2 per cent over the previous year, a slight decline in the ring. The global smartphone market as a whole was about 1,164 million, a decline of 3.5 per cent from 1,206 million in 2022, and weakened by a 12 per cent drop in the global smartphone output of 1q23, according to the advisory body Canalys.
The total volume of laptops and other smart terminal equipment dropped by 11% over the same period. In the second half of the year, a number of famous brands, such as Apple and Hua, launched heavy pounds of new products, added up to the frequency of Dory's policies, consumer electronics markets gradually reversed their depression, and the global smartphone market of 3q23 fell to a narrow level.
1%, 4q23 growth by 8%, ending seven consecutive quarters of decline. In terms of innovation, folding screen phones have turned back, growth, and the emergence of ai phones has brought new innovative elements to the smartphone industry, bringing new growth drivers to the industry.
The meta-cosm industry is maturing; at the end of the individual pc, the aipc product is expected to grow rapidly, leading to a new cycle of innovation development in the consumer electronics industry chain, as the ai application enabling pc and flatboard products bring to the market a new round of innovation.
2. Since 2023, the new cycle of artificial intelligence and arithmetic revolution triggered by chhatgpt and the emergence of aipc, ai cellular and ai terminals have led to a new round of innovation and restructuring of consumer electronics, accelerating the recovery of the entire electronics industry.
It also creates a new blue sea for industry. The huge demand for ari technology opens up the market space for aai servers and brings about a rapid increase in the demand for pcb products. At the same time, the demand for pcb-related products will increase, and the demand for multilayers and high-speed boards will grow.
In addition, there is a growing trend of innovation in the hardware of the i terminal, with 170 million smart cell phones delivered in 2024, according to the advisory body idc.
Nearly 15% of the total mobile phone. The aipc class product is also expected to become a mainstream industry in the future. ... More opportunities will be created for the development of the pcb industry, leading to a new blue sea for industry development.
Market recovery has fallen short of expectations; market competition has intensified; and large clients have not progressed as expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.