The electron-consumption electronic component iii a technology revolution & car trio, which shapes the pcb volume price of the new blue sea, and the full-scale one-stop service platform for pcb products, which shapes the international flagship for seven years in a row, the largest pcb in the world.
Production enterprises. A small number of large-scale, specialized manufacturers with the capacity to develop, design, manufacture and sell various pcb products globally, with a high quality and diversity of pcb lines, cover a wide range of products such as fpc, sma, slp, hdi, miniled, rpcb, rigidflux, etc., and should be widely addressed.
For telecommunications electronics, consumer electronics and computer-type products, as well as products such as cars, servers, high-speed computers, there is a strong capacity to provide a full range of pcb products and solutions to different clients, and to build a one-stop service platform for a full range of pcb products.
The consumer electronics and computer market, represented by laptops and laptops, has established a strong competitive advantage in the relevant downstream product market and has become an important support for the growth of the company. Companies have been operating at the base of hundreds of millions of yuan throughout 2023, while consumer electronics and computer panels have been generating $7,975 million.
(cpca) China’s electronic circuit ranking, which has ranked first in China for many years in a row. According to Prismark, the company ranked as the world’s largest producer of pcb for seven consecutive years, from 2018 to 2024, according to the company’s collection, in 2017 to 2023. In terms of capacity, the company’s global layout is six major production bases.
Of these, the Qin Royal Island Park is primarily responsible for fpc and advanced module/slp high hdi: Xiaoan 1 is primarily responsible for rpcb/hdi, the second is responsible for fpc and advanced module/hdi/miniled backlight, the third is responsible for thin-line circuit boards, and the third is responsible for tall hdi/msap: the Shenzhen I Park is responsible for fpc and van.
Incoming module/hdi, second campus is responsible for the fpc advanced module; in Chennai Park, India, for the fpc advanced module; and in Gao Yu Park, Taiwan Province, China, is responsible for the fpc and advanced module. The first phase of the project will be launched in 2024: Thailand will be responsible for rpcb/hdi, and will be launched in 2025.
Sun Peak Soneavary's industrial layout lays the foundation for the company's future development.
To deepen the competitive advantage of smartphones and consumer electronics products, and to accelerate the market for automobiles and server lines. Companies continue to focus on and deepen research and development of products in electronic circuits, producing a minimum print circuit board product with a aperture of 0.025 mm and a minimum linear width of 0.020 mm, and companies are touching the pressure fpc module, dynamics.
Products such as bending fpc modules, hyper-sized fpc components, high-speed low-defp modules, large-size load panel products, class plate cap products, high-level blu and rgb-sight new display panels, high-level multi-storey station antenna panels, vehicle-mounted mines, light communication module panels, low-orbit satellite panels and alserver panels have all achieved technology in the pcb field.
(i) Communications and electronics: companies insist on developing high-level products, working with world-class clients, maintaining good cooperation with customers through excellent product quality and services, and continuously increasing market access in downstream smartphones and consumer electronics markets.
Companies remain sensitive to technological and product changes in downstream consumer electronics markets and are ready to move into new and emerging product areas, represented by the ai hardware, and continue to deepen the competitive advantage of existing smartphones and consumer electronics products. (2) Automobile electronics: driven by zero carbon emissions, the new-energy automobile industry and car electricization, intelligence
In 2028, according to a study by the Taiwan Institute of Technology, car use is projected to increase by 50 per cent over 2022, with Hdi and fpc products being driven by products such as adas, smart cabins, and battery soft, the growth path is strongest. 2023H1 successfully completes its radar.
Volume production of the pallets, with 2023q4 laser radar and radar high frequency antennas starting to enter the production phase; benefits from the increase in the volume of shipments from adassdomaincontroller and car-borne radars, car-borne bms boards, etc.
In addition to developing overseas customers, the company is also active in developing domestic server-related customers, and is currently on schedule with the certification scheme for domestic mainstream server providers; the company is actively developing overseas production.
In 2023, the company achieved $539 million in revenue from automobiles and server products, which was a global leader in the pcb industry, and a new cycle of innovation in the market was introduced by an e-construct consumer.
During the period, the build-up of auto electricization/intelligentization/networking continues to deepen the demand for &chatgpt-led ai server computing, and the pcb demand and value-added logic emerges, providing room for company performance growth. For the first time, coverage gives the risk of faster and more competitive markets; new products and new technologies are under-developed; and new production bases are under-developed.
1) Communications electronics: The electronics market for communications downstream of pcb consists mainly of product categories such as mobile phones, base stations, routers, and switches, in which corporate communications electronics are used mainly for end-of-pipe communications products such as smartphones. By the end of 2023, the global stock of smartphones has been adjusted and, driven by new products such as one phones, folding phones, etc., it is expected that the global stock of smart machines will be available in 2024.
Moderate growth: according to idc, global smartphone output is projected to increase by 2.8 per cent in 2024, based on the position of Prismark, while breakthroughs in innovative applications centred on the one, as well as the continued roll-out of ai consumer hardware products, smart glasses, represented by aipc and ai mobile phones, will boost the recovery of the consumer electronics industry.
In 2023, consumer electronics-related pcb production amounted to $9,151 million, a 17.4 per cent decline compared to the previous year.
Pcb, as an important base for the electronic applications of various types of automobiles, will continue to grow as the electronics market for cars develops. Prismark estimates that the car-related pcb market was $9.162 billion in 2023, a 3.2% decline in the same year, a compound growth rate of 5.1% between 2023 and 2028, and a related pcb production value of $11,748 million in 2028.
The e-server represents a surge in demand for high-end servers, and the need for artificial intelligence has created a huge numeracy demand that keeps the i-server in demand at a high rate before it arrives. We expect the company ' s revenue from consumer electronics and computer panels to be 2024-2026, which is a large, specialized plant that is mainly involved in the development, design, manufacture, marketing and servicing of various types of printed circuit boards.
The following companies are selected as comparable companies: Deep South circuits are focused on electronic interconnection, with three operations: printed circuit boards, envelope boards and electronics; East Mountain is the second-largest flexible circuit board enterprise in the world, the third-largest print circuit board in the world, and the world's number one market in the area of partial small-distance break-up of the led: the dominant share in electricity is the 14-38-storey corporate communications market board, medium-high.
Carboards, supplemented by industrial equipment panels, etc., can be widely applied in a number of areas, such as communications equipment, automobiles, industrial equipment, microwave radio frequencies; clients of technical and scientific pcb products are concentrated in the areas of communications equipment, communication terminals, init products, industrial medicine, car electronics, consumer electronics: Conwan Electronics is the coverage of rigid circuit boards, flexible circuit boards and metal bases for a few types of products in the country.
The producers of circuit boards provide a variety of product choices and one-stop services for their clients; the main products of the technology are double-pane, multi-layered (hdi-containing) etc., which are widely used in the areas of the led monitors, server (server), communications, medical devices, new energy vehicles, and the perimeter of the brain.
In bits, a new cycle of innovation in the market is brought about by an e-consumption of an e-consumption that adds car electricization/intellectualization/networking that continues to deepen the need for &chatgpt-led & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & ; the dual-up logic of pcb demand and value that provides room for company performance growth. For the first time, coverage is given, with an “uptake-a” rating.