NORTH HOUSE (002371). National semiconductor equipment platform-type enterprises, fully benefiting countries, produce alternative waves. North China is the leader of Chinese integrated circuit high-end process equipment, which continuously enriches the product matrix to open new markets.
The company has long focused on core processes such as corrosion in integrated circuit manufacturing, film deposition, and the overall layout of thermal treatment, wet-law equipment.
In 2025, the company further developed the ion-infused equipment market and demonstrated a strong strategic extension capability by successfully cutting the coating, keying, and critical equipment tracks through the M&A microsources. Corporate business income continued to grow at a high rate, with a growing scale effect. Semiconductor equipment demand continued to break through the expansion and advanced production processes of the country’s crystal-crystal capacity, with North China relying on integrated circuits.
The widespread coverage of the manufacturing of core process equipment is expected to benefit fully from it and lead to sustained growth in corporate performance. The continued expansion of the Transcrystal Industrial Expansion Programme provides ample space for the growth of demand for semiconductor equipment. China’s continental crystal production capacity continues to expand, with China’s 12-inch crystal production capacity projected to reach 8.85 million units per month in 2024, and will increase to about 10.1 million units in 2025, roughly.
A third of the world. Domestic firms, represented by the China-Crystal International, the China-Bound Semiconductor, have continued to expand their capacity in mature processes such as 28/40nm. In 2025, the world is expected to build 18 new crystal mills, with China-continents accounting for three, which will continue production in 2026-2027.
Overcoupling graphics and multiple etchings to achieve a more fine structure has significantly increased the number of processes such as etching. According to the International Semiconductor Production Association, a 7nm integrated circuit is required to undergo approximately 140 etching processes during production, which is more than 2.5 times higher than the 40 required for the 28nm process.
From dozens of floors to more than 300 floors, the corrosion process continues to increase its share of the equipment, and the demands for depth-wide corrosion are becoming more demanding, further increasing the reliance on equipment and technological capabilities. In the long run, the demand for semiconductor equipment is high, driven by the expansion of crystal-circle production and advanced process rotations, and the firms concerned are expected to come forward with orders and performance.
In terms of products, semiconductor equipment is the main support for the North’s income creation, with the leading corrosion and membrane sedimentation equipment.
\triangleright 2. Light drive: Nationally produced equipment has a long way to go, has a heart, and has a multiplicity of key types of equipment, such as heat treatment, wetting, etc., to construct its market position in the area of integrated circuit manufacturing.
In 2024, the company received $26,578 million in semiconductor equipment operations, or about 90% of the total. In the area of corrosion equipment, public sector depth reports (xi)
The Division has constructed a whole series of product systems covering icp, ccp, bevel etching, highly selective etching and dry deglution equipment, which are widely applied in the areas of integrated circuits, advanced encapsulation and power semiconductors. In 2024, the company earned more than $8 billion in corrosion equipment, and in the first half of 2025, it earned more than $5 billion in corrosion equipment. In the area of film deposition equipment, the company has formed a pvd, cvd,
In 2024, the company collected more than $10 billion in film deposition equipment and 6.5 billion in the first half of 2025. With regard to thermal treatment and wetting equipment, the company has completed a stand-alone approach.
In 2024, two types of equipment received more than $2 billion and $1 billion; in the first half of 2025, more than $1 billion and $500 million. In 2025, in order to fully refine the platform strategy, companies successfully cut ion into the new ion injection and glue-recording device track, thus opening up wider growth space.
1. Corporate profile: industry-led semiconductor platform-type enterprises
(1) The North China has steadily expanded its operations in the field of semiconductor basic products.