The semiconductor equipment platform tap, which benefits from depth, Chinese semiconductor self-controllable wave, is the first report on the coverage of the North Huachi (002371.sz)
Industry and company: The company is a leading manufacturer of semiconductor equipment in China (according to cinnoresearch, in 2024, the global market ranked sixth and first in China), and the product layout covers etching, film deposition, cleaning, oxidation/extension.
The global semiconductor equipment market, which will continue to recover in 2024-2027, is expected to grow from US$ 125.5 billion in 2024 to US$ 150.5 billion in 2027, and capr = 11.3% in mainland China, driven by the expansion of crystal mills and the substitution of national production.
With the continued expansion of the continental crystal-crystal plant, the company’s market share is expected to increase. Circulation b/h (millions) Key scenario: 1) Given the complexity of geo-related relationships, China is expected to increase semiconductor autonomy during the start-up phase of the Fifteenth Five-Fifteen-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five.
Mainly controlled inputs, with local dedicated funds expected to be on a sustainable footing, are expected to provide companies with policies required to replace national production of critical process equipment, 27 per cent film deposition, 6 per cent cleaning, 6 per cent oxidizing/dispersing, 7 per cent expansive, 5 per cent thermal treatment, 4 per cent de glue, and 2 per cent other aids. Erosion and film sediments are expected to increase in proportion to value, driven mainly by advanced processes and the need for new envelopes: 1finfet,
The increase in the number of gaa and 3dnand layers and the increase in their structural complexity have led to an increase in the carving process; the increased accuracy and homogeneity of the 2ai chip and hbm envelopes to the thin film, adding 2.5d/3d envelopes and multiple patterns to the ubiquitous mass of the process density and value of the carving and sank equipment.
▪ Different from market perceptions: the market is generally characterized by a slower pace of production expansion and a flat period of short-term bidding for equipment, while recognizing that a platform-based strategy for the company's “multiple flowering” could divert resources and weaken breakthroughs in advanced processes. In our view, Dechang's medium-term performance rating (0179.hk):
Through horizontal expansion of equipment class, vertically integrated process processes, the company continues to transition to an integrated system platform vendor, opening a new growth curve in client concentration robotics and liquid cold pumps. 2025-11-13 points - Goldfield stock (66009) 25q3 performance rating.
Catalysts for stock price performance: alternative certification of state-of-the-art equipment for companies; capital repairs at mainstream crystal mills in China; ai-driven up-scaling investment; company-plus industrial integration and extended mergers and acquisitions.
Space, high-end products drive profit-driven leapfrogging, merger integration, and platform-based expansion risks. The company is the only platform manufacturer in China that currently has the capacity to produce the amount of its front-line core equipment, through "Technology."
Technology Integration + Industrial Chains in Synergy has continued to strengthen the competitiveness of the semiconductor equipment market. Since 2016, seven-star electronics and the north microelectronics have been recommenced, companies have continued to fill the shorts by M & As: acquired the Akrion enhanced cleaning chain in the United States in 2018, acquired the platinum plating spectrometry system in Beijing in 2023, and introduced the strategic core in 2025.
The Beijing City State Finance Committee, through capital, policy and industrial synergies, is expected to support companies, enabling them to maintain a priority participation position in the strategic and emerging industrial layout of the country and in major science and technology specializations.
(b) The Beijing City State Finance Committee, through the Beijing State Capital Operations Management Company Ltd., holds full ownership of Beijing electricity and is the inter-firm controller. Up to the latest disclosure, the top 10 shareholders in the company held 63.63% of the total shares, and the equity structure is centralized and governed.
As the central platform of the e-information industry in Beijing, Beijing has a wealth of industrial resources in the areas of integrated circuit equipment, components and materials, along with the North China Corporation in equipment development, process certification, and production-line import, and the company's semiconductor equipment is in the process of corrosion, film deposition, oxidation, cleaning, etc.
1) Both corrosion and sedimentation equipment are at a state of national leadership, and the products have been imported into the mainstream crystal mills and are entering the production validation phase. In addition to the core front-track equipment, the company actively extends to the field of vacuum and lithium electrical equipment, covering key links such as crystal growth, heat treatment, polar coatings, etc., to form a cross-section.
The co-development patterns of semiconductors and new energy manufacturing. In the elemental business, companies continue to upgrade towards high-precision and integration, with products widely applied to high-end industrial domains such as electrical power, auto-control, aerospace and other high-end areas, achieving a systematic industrial layout from core equipment to key components.
The company’s business is highly focused on semiconductor electronics equipment. In 2024, the company’s electronics and equipment earned 92.9% of its business income and 0.1% of its electronics and other operations, respectively; in a profit-bearing structure, electronics equipment accounted for 89.9%, electronics 9.9%, and other operations accounted for 9.9%.
The company’s electronic components are more complementary and synergized. The company has grown significantly, with a steady increase in the new IEE billing operation, resulting in an improvement in the Māori rate as a result of both the collection and the continued net gains, the release of the sediment equipment and the improvement in the rate of excellence; the rate of increase has slowed slightly since 2023 but remains double-digitized.
The company’s profitability has risen steadily, and the cost structure has been further optimized. In terms of profitability, the company’s Māori ratio rose from 36.7% in 2020 to a high of 43.8% in 2022, driven mainly by the release of core equipment such as corrosion, thin film, sedimentation, and improvements in manufacturing efficiency resulting from the scalding of production lines.
As a result of the shift to part-cost project milestones, the Māori rate has fallen slightly since 2023, with a Māori rate of 41.4 per cent in the first three quarters of 2025, and the Māori level has remained stable overall. Operational efficiency has continued to improve, with net interest rates of 18.2 per cent in the first three quarters, which remain stable.
Assumptions on the size of the semiconductor equipment market for the global and mainland Chinese markets: 1) Global semiconductor market: According to Semi, the global semiconductor equipment market for 2024-2027 will continue its recovery trend, with industry growing at an annual rate of 9.0 per cent from 2024, corresponding to the global semiconductor equipment market of $150.5 billion.
The continental market is expected to increase the size of the semiconductor equipment market from $49.1 billion in 2024 to $53.8 billion in 2027, driven by the expansion of global crystal mills and national production substitution, and exchange rate data are used to compare the value of the major types of semiconductor equipment in the overall market size: based on the Qing Tang semiconductor.
For the disclosure of typical capital expenditure structures in the area of integrated circuit manufacturing, we assume that the value structure of the various types of equipment in the semiconductor equipment market on mainland China in 2025-2027 is as follows: corrosion equipment is about 26 per cent, membrane sediment equipment is about 27 per cent, cleaning equipment is about 6 per cent, oxidation/dissemination equipment is about 6 per cent and outer equipment is about 6 per cent.
In terms of structural changes, we have judged that the value of the corrosion versus the membrane sediments is on the rise. With the acceleration of the mill’s investments in 28 nm and below, the number of advanced nodes, such as finfet and 3dnand, has increased significantly.
The graphic complexity and structural depth increase the density of the etching process; at the same time, the ai arithmetic chips and hbm seals result in higher sediment accuracy requirements for the medium, block and conductor layers, resulting in a significant increase in the single-line value of ald, cvd, pvd, etc. membrane sedimentation equipment. The spread of advanced encapsulation and multiple patterning techniques is further enhanced.
The strength and added value of the corrosion and sedimentation equipment, which is relatively stable in relation to the cleaning, oxidation, etc., and the extra-extensible and thermal treatment equipment, which has increased slightly with the expansion of the power semiconductor line, are assumed as follows:
1) Revenue growth is driven mainly by the expansion of domestic crystal-crystal plants, and electronics equipment continues to contribute to the core increase. The national production penetration rate of the 300 mm production line in the country has increased further, with the company ' s electronics equipment growing at a high rate.
2) Māori rates are expected to remain robust and slightly improved. Cost rates are stable during the period when the structure of electronic equipment products continues to move towards higher value added 3. Assuming that companies maintain the necessary R & D inputs to support the evolution of advanced process equipment, and at the same time spread costs through scale expansion at the sales and management end, we expect the cost rates to be stable overall.
The company, a Chinese platform-based semiconductor equipment manufacturer, is still in the process of increasing its market share as a result of the expansion of the country’s crystalworks and the accelerated replacement of national production. We have selected China and China, China and Shanghai, China and China.
For comparable companies, each has a share of semiconductor equipment broken down by track head companies, with an average market surplus of 71.96/46.91/34.28 times higher in the year 2025-2027 than in the business structure.
The current valuation is considered to be reasonably low, with a high medium- and long-term configuration value. For the first time, 1) the risk of cyclical fluctuations in semiconductor industries: global and mainland China ' s capital expenditures are more affected by macroeconomic and downstream demand, and a slowdown in production expansion or adjustments in investment plans will affect the pace of firm orders landing.
2) Substitution of national production is less than expected risk: customer import beats are influenced by technological maturity, good climb rates and supply chain synergies, which may affect firm performance recognition rhythms if critical equipment certification is delayed. 3) Risk of technical iterative uncertainty: ani, high-end logic and storage technology routes are subject to evolutionary uncertainty, e.g.
The new process structure imposes higher requirements for equipment specifications, which may affect the competitive pattern of the semiconductor equipment industry. 4) The risks of merger integration and platform expansion: companies actively promote the development of extenuating layouts and platforms, new business integration, resource input and management radius expansion with certain interlocking periods, if integration is less effective than expected, or short-term versus short-term
Five at 199 Front Beach Boulevard, Pudong New District, Shanghai.