In January, tanks sold over 20,000 new sources of energy across the country + overseas driven growth
\triangleright, +69.1%, ring ratio - 7.5%. In January, about 25,000 new energy vehicles were distributed, with tanks showing bright new energy transformations moving forward. In 2024, the Wall ' s new energy transformation was steadily moving forward.
\triangleright, 104,000 vehicles sold in January, +69.1% of the year; of these, approximately 25,000 new energy sources, 24.1% of the year, +13.8 pts. By brand, the tank performed particularly brightly in January, with 20,000 in sales.
With regard to high-end brands, wey grew rapidly, driven by blue mountains and high mountains, with 3,351 vehicles sold in January, compared with +21.7 per cent in January, Hafer maintained a leading position, selling 59,000 vehicles in January, compared with +50.8 per cent in January, and Wei's high-end road.
In the future, under a comprehensive new energy strategy, the Great Wall vehicle is expected to work out several separate tracks, bringing about a double increase in sales and profits. Ten thousand vehicles, +64.9%, ring-21.2%, are officially well-known for overseas layout.
The Great Wall ' s car sales network has reached more than 170 countries and regions around the world. Currently, the company has established three full-processed vehicle production bases in Eurasia, Thailand, Brazil, and has many kd factories in Ecuador, Pakistan, etc. The Wall ' s cars are also contracted with prominent distributors in Qatar, and the network is comprehensive.
Grand Wall Cars (60163.sh) series III: Performance coverage for the Gcc (GCC) six countries. On January 12, the Great Wall Car, the first stage of its new energy base in Rojong, Thailand, was delineated from the Ora03 site, marking the Wall ' s becoming the top vehicle market in Thailand.
A brand of cars with full new energy capacity from oil and electricity mix, plug-in mix to a pure tram. Smart depth layout is expected to yield in the city of Noh. The Wall is deep in intelligence layout, business \triangleright
The Great Wall Cars (60163.sh) series reviews: November covers a wide range of areas such as electronic architecture, smart cabins, intelligent driving, intelligent ecology, cloud platforms, etc., with a focus on the creation of production and sales as compared to the higher European market layout - 2023/12/Add.
Coffeeos smart seat, cooffeepilot smart drives two major smart products. The company plans this year 4. The Great Wall car (60163.sh) will land noh in 100 cities by the end of 2023.
Review: q2 bicycles have improved significantly in profitability, power transition is comprehensive, new lattes are planned to be launched this year, and new cars are designed with design similar to Blue Mount Wei, powered down to 2023/09/03
It will also carry a he4 mix of 1.5t+double power. The Wall is expected to seize the opportunity of technological change and increase sales through smart technology in 2024, which will become the city's auxiliary driver's share of the Great Wall's vehicle (60163.sh) in 2023.
Review: q1 performed less than expected, with the tipping point at 2023/Investment proposal: successful domestic and foreign diffusion of new company products, start of new cycles of smart electricization, new energy intelligence \triangleright
\triangleright anticipates; sea travel progress is slower than expected; methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.