Deutsche Bank
Markets Research
Asia
Industry
Date
China
China Dairy
Consumer
Forecast Change
Anne Ling
A new shortage cycle begins; Buy
Research Analyst
Research Analyst
Mengniu and Yili
Raw milk shortage leads to faster market share gains for Mengniu and Yili
We expect the dairy sector to enter an undersupply cycle from 2018. In this
new cycle, competition will switch from price to raw milk sourcing. Helped by
their closer relationship with dairy farms, Mengniu and Yili should be able to
gain market share faster in the next three years. Meanwhile, rising raw milk
cost could be mostly offset by lower selling expenses and price increases, as
we have seen in past cycles. We expect continued re-ratings for Mengniu and
Yili within the new cycle and we reiterate Buy on both.
The undersupply and oversupply cycles of the past six years
The dairy sector experienced an undersupply cycle in 2011-13 and an
Buy
oversupply cycle in 2014-16. During the undersupply cycle, Mengniu and Yili
Source: Deutsche Bank
posted 13% and 17% sales CAGR, driven by market share gains, as smaller
players had to source raw milk at a higher price. Yet operating margins for
Companies Featured
both companies expanded during the period, helped by lower selling expense
and price hike in 2013. During the oversupply cycle, both companies' sales
growth slowed down to high-single digit CAGR, because oversupply resulted
in increasing competition at the retail end, as the smaller players can source
milk at a much lower price. For Mengniu and Yili, the cost savings at a lower
milk price are mostly offset by rising selling expenses.
After three years' capacity reduction on upstream from 2H14, the sector's
supply is rebalancing with demand from 2017. Given it takes two years for a
calf to grow up to be a milkable cow, we expect the shortage cycle to continue
in 2018-19. Similar to the previous shortage cycle in 2011-13, we expect both
Mengniu and Yili to gain more market share in 2017-19. Actually, Mengniu/
Yili's sales growth recovered to double digits in 3Q17, faster than industry's
A dairy farm's raw milk prices in different cycles
mid-single-digit growth. Meanwhile, we expect Mengniu's and Yili's margins
to expand in 2018-19, as the rising raw milk price will be fully offset by lower
selling expense, fewer price discounts and potential ex-factory price hikes.
The cycle is just beginning; reiterating Buy on Mengniu and Yili
Mengniu and Yili have rallied 44% and 74% YTD, driven by the early signs of
industry recovery. We think the recovery is a structural trend for the next three
years and expect the two names to continue to deliver sustained sales growth.
We raise our target price for Mengniu to HK$26.8 and our target price for Yili
to RMB35.0 based on DCF method (factoring in 3.9% RFR, 5.6% ERP, 1.0 beta,
debt-free structure and 2% terminal growth). The next catalyst will be their
result reporting dates. Downside risks: food safety, and oversupply.
Source: Deutsche Bank; based on channel check in a north dairy
farming company with >10,000 herd size. 2018 number was based
on estimated for illustration purpose.
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Deutsche Bank does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. Thus, investors should
be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the obDistributed on: 07/11/2017 16:36:27 GMT
consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST
CERTIFICATIONS ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MCI (P) 083/04/2017. The content may not be distributed in The
People's Republic of China ("The PRC") (except in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations of PRC),
excluding special administrative regions of Hong kong and Macau.
Investment summary
Mengniu and Yili's sales growths are recovering from 2017 after two years'
weak growth. The market generally believes this is due to a recovery in dairy
demand. However, we believe this is more because of changing raw milk
supply cycles. We expect the dairy sector to switch from an oversupply cycle
to an undersupply cycle from 2017. In the new cycle, small brands will face
increasing raw milk cost and losing market share to large brands. We expect
the undersupply cycle to be sustained into 2018-19, which should lead to
faster market share gains for Mengniu and Yili.
We are raising our earnings forecasts for Mengniu and Yili, and lifting our
target price for Mengniu to HK$26.8 and our target price for Yili to RMB35,
both based on DCF approach. We reiterate Buy on the two stocks.
The historical milk supply cycles
Unlike most other staples segments, dairy names' operations are highly
affected by the supply situation of the upstream dairy farms. Raw milk, the
major raw material of the dairy sector, is cyclical in supply and has a very short
shelf life. Meanwhile, an oversupply or an undersupply cycle normally lasts for
two to three years, because it takes two years for a newborn calf to grow up to
become a milkable cow. China experienced undersupply in 2011-1H14 and
oversupply in 2H14-2016.
Source: Deutsche Bank, moa.gov.cn; future raw milk prices are DB forecast.
In an undersupply cycle, the competition arises mainly in raw milk sourcing,
and large brands (Mengniu and Yili) are better positioned than smaller brands,
because large dairy names generally have long-term contracts and closer
relationships with upstream dairy farms. For example, Mengniu signed a 10-
year contract with China Modern Dairy in 2008. Meanwhile, large brands have
a national raw milk sourcing network and can ship more milk from production
regions (north China) to consumption regions (south and east china). Large
brands tend to gain more share in the cycle.
During the 2011-1H14 undersupply cycle, Mengniu and Yili recorded sales
growth of 13%/17% in 2011-13 helped by market share gains (Figure 6).
Meanwhile, though Yili's and Mengniu's gross margins declined during the
period due to rising raw milk price, their core OP margins expanded from
1.9%/4.4% in 2010 to 8.5%/5.9% in 2014, as the rising raw milk cost was fully
offset by fewer price promotions, mix upgrade, and a 5-17% price hike in 2013.
In an oversupply cycle, the competition switches back to sales and marketing,
and small brands are better positioned. It is easier for small local brands to
source milk at a much lower price, because dairy farms have strong incentives
to sell out all extra milk. Dairy farms also sell milk directly to retail ends. This
leads to heavy price competition at the retail end. However, due to their closer
relationships and long-term contracts with large dairy farms, large brands
cannot cut procurement volume immediately and revise down sourcing price
too aggressively.
For example, in 2016, a dairy farm we visited supplied Mengniu/Yili at RMB3.5-
3.8/kg, but supplied its extra milk to smaller local brands at RMB2/kg. Yet,
from 3Q17, the dairy farm was still selling to Mengniu/Yili at RMB3.5-3.8/kg,
but selling to smaller brands at RMB3.9/kg.
During the 2H14-2016 oversupply cycle, Yili and Mengniu saw a slowdown in
sales to 8%/7% CAGR in 2014-16, due to increasing competition from small
local players. Though the gross margins of both companies expanded, helped
by declining raw milk price and product mix upgrade, Yili and Mengniu's core
OP margins changed by 10bps/-260bps in 2014-2016, due to heavy price
competition and increasing A&P expense.
Source: Deutsche Bank; based on channel check in a north dairy farming company with >10,000 herd size. 2018 number was based on
estimates for illustration purpose.
Source: Deutsche Bank; company annual reports
Entering a new undersupply cycle
National raw milk price has recovered from RMB3.4 in 2Q to RMB3.5 in 3Q17.
According to "cow" magazine's survey, all of the 21 dairy farms in its survey
either have the same or a higher price in October compared to September, and
none of those farms limited production in October. We believe this is a result
of capacity reduction from 2014.
What will happen in the new shortage cycle?
Within the undersupply cycle, we expect a similar trend to the previous
shortage cycle to happen in 2018-19:
First, as large dairy players, Yili's and Mengniu's sales growth will
accelerate, driven by faster market share gains. This is because small
brands' raw milk sourcing capability is weaker in this cycle. Actually,
Yili and Mengniu have shown such recovery from 2017 - Yili's sales
growth accelerated from 0.4% in 2016 to 14% sales growth in 9M17,
and we expect Mengniu's sales growth to accelerate to double-digit in
3Q17. We forecast Mengniu/Yili's sales to grow at 9%/11% in 2017-
Secondly, while gross margin will be under pressure due to rising raw
milk price, most of this pressures could be passed on to consumers
through reducing price discounts at an early stage, and raising prices
at a later stage. For example, a Shanghai distributor indicated that Yili
and Mengniu have raised the supply price of chilled yoghurt from 3Q.
Thirdly, the selling expense ratio will decline on easing competition.
Yili's and Mengniu's financial results in 9M17 also show this trend.
Thanks to easing off of competition and lower SG&A expense, Yili's
and Mengniu's core operating margins expanded 120bps in 9M17 and
190bps yoy in 1H17, respectively. We expect Mengniu/Yili's core EBIT
margins to expand by 400bps/260 bps from 2017 to 2019.
Source: Deutsche Bank, company data; E=Deutsche Bank forecast.
Mengniu: market underestimates its margin recovery
potential; reiterating Buy
We forecast the dairy sector to register an 8% sales CAGR in 2017-19, driven
by 4% volume growth and 4% price increase each year. Further, helped by its
stronger position in raw milk sourcing, we expect Mengniu's market share to
expand by 2-4% from 2017 to 2019.
Meanwhile, we expect Mengniu to narrow its profitability gap with Yili, helped
by recovering efficiency after the company's organizational restructuring in
2016 and improving IMF operations helped by industry recovery. (Refer to our
note "Can Mengniu catch up with Yili?" for more details.) We forecast
Mengniu's recurring EBIT margin to expand from 6.1% in 1H17 to 7.0% in
We increase our earnings forecasts by 1-3% and expect a 31% recurring
earnings CAGR in 2017-19. We raise our target price to HK$26.8 based on a
DCF approach (factoring in 3.9% risk-free rate, 5.6% equity premium, 1.0 beta
and 2% terminal growth). Our earnings forecasts are 1-6% higher than market
consensus. In our view, the market is still underestimating the potential of its
margin recovery. We reiterate Buy. The annual results announcement in March
will be next catalyst.
Yili: well positioned in shortage cycle; reiterating Buy
In the near term, we expect Yili's market share in ambient/chilled products to
expand from 34%/16% in 3Q17 to 38%/20%, respectively, in 2019, helped by its
strong capability in raw milk sourcing. Meanwhile, we forecast its OP margin
will expand from 11.5% in 9M17 to 12.2% in 2019, helped by easing
competition and product mix upgrade.
In the long term, we expect Yili to be an industry consolidator in the staples
sector, helped by its stable and experienced management team, strong
distribution network, and good track record in new product launches. We
expect it to deliver secular growth through market share gains, category
expansion, and M&A.
We raise our earnings forecasts by 1-3% and forecast a 16% earnings CAGR in
2017-19. We increase our target price to RMB35 based on a DCF approach
(factoring in 3.9% RFR, 5.6% ERP, 1.0 beta, debt-free structure and 2%
terminal growth). Downside risks: higher-than-expected raw material price
increases, food safety incidents, and worse-than-expected competition.
Source: Deutsche Bank, Bloomberg Finance LP. Prices as of 6 Nov 2017. We use DB forecasts for those companies we covered and Bloomberg Finance LP consensus for other companies.
China Mengniu Dairy
Reuters: 2319.HK
Bloomberg: 2319 HK
Buy
Company Profile
China Mengniu is one of the leading dairy product
manufacturers in China. There are 3 principal product
categories (1) liquid milk (comprising UHT milk, milk
beverage and yoghurt), (2)ice cream and (3)milk powder;
and (4) other products such as plant-based protein,
cheese, milk tablets, etc.
Price Performance
Margin Trends
Growth & Profitability
Solvency
Mark Yuan
+852
Yili
Reuters: 600887.SS
Bloomberg: 600887 CH
Buy
Company Profile
Yili mainly operates four business divisions, producing
such consumables as liquid milk, ice cream, and milk
powder, via nearly 100 subsidiaries and has more than
1,000 SKUs. In 2014, Yili's total revenue was Rmb54.4bn,
and net profits were Rmb4.2bn. Both the total revenue and
net profits ranked No.1 in the dairy industry in China. Yili
was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 1996.
Price Performance
Margin Trends
Growth & Profitability
Solvency
Mark Yuan
+852
Important Disclosures
Prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session unless otherwise indicated and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors. Other
information is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other sources. For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the
primary subject of this research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our website at
"Disclosures Lookup" and "Legal" tabs. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing.
Important Disclosures Required by U.S. Regulators
Disclosures marked with an asterisk may also be required by at least one jurisdiction in addition to the United States.
See Important Disclosures Required by Non-US Regulators and Explanatory Notes.
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has received compensation from this company for the provision of investment
banking or financial advisory services within the past year.
14. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has received non-investment banking related compensation from this company
within the past year.
15. This company has been a client of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. within the past year, during which time it received
non-investment banking securities-related services.
Important Disclosures Required by Non-U.S. Regulators
Please also refer to disclosures in the Important Disclosures Required by US Regulators and the Explanatory Notes.
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has received compensation from this company for the provision of investment
banking or financial advisory services within the past year.
13. As of the end of the preceding week, Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) owns one percent or more of a class of
common equity securities of this company.
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst about the
subject issuers and the securities of those issuers. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst has not and will not receive
any compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in this report. Mark Yuan
Historical recommendations and target price: Yili (600887.SS)
(as of 11/7/2017)
Historical recommendations and target price: China Mengniu Dairy (2319.HK)
(as of 11/7/2017)
Equity rating key
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total
share-holder return (TSR = percentage change in
share price from current price to projected target price
plus pro-jected dividend yield ) , we recommend that
investors buy the stock.
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-
holder return, we recommend that investors sell the
stock
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months
out and, based on this time horizon, do not
recommend either a Buy or Sell.
Newly issued research recommendations and target
prices supersede previously published research.
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively
"Deutsche Bank"). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-
party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor
is responsible for the accuracy or security controls of these websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this
report, or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche
Bank may act as principal for its own account or as agent for another person.
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its own
account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those
taken in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis,
equity-linked analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication
may differ from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies or
otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes on.
Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes investment
banking, trading and principal trading revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do
not necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides
liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts
sometimes have shorter-term trade ideas that are consistent or inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer term
conviction belief by an analyst that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or sector delineated over a
time frame of no less than two weeks. In addition to SOLAR ideas, the analysts named in this report may from time to
time discuss with our clients, Deutsche Bank salespersons and Deutsche Bank traders, trading strategies or ideas that
reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return
or investment return as described herein. Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to
otherwise notify a recipient thereof if any opinion, forecast or estimate contained herein changes or subsequently
becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the frequency of changes in market conditions and in both general and company
specific economic prospects make it difficult to update research at defined intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion
of the coverage analyst concerned or of the Research Department Management and as such the majority of reports are
published at irregular intervals. This report is provided for informational purposes only and does not take into account
the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation
of an offer to buy or sell any financial instruments or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are
inherently imprecise and a product of the analyst’s judgment. The financial instruments discussed in this report may not
be suitable for all investors and investors must make their own informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of
financial instruments are subject to change without notice and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of
price fluctuations and other factors. If a financial instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's
currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely affect the investment. Past performance is not necessarily
indicative of future results. Unless otherwise indicated, prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session,
and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors. Data is sourced from Deutsche Bank,
subject companies, and in some cases, other parties.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business areas divisions of the Bank. Details regarding
our organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect
available
website
under
Disclaimer
found
the
our
research
our
Legal
tab.
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise
to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed rate instruments (thus receiving these cash
flows), increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a
loss. The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the
loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse
macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation
(including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency
convertibility (which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or the liquidation of positions), and
settlement issues related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors to be considered. The sensitivity of fixed
income instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to
FX depreciation, or to specified interest rates – these are common in emerging markets. It is important to note that the
index fixings may -- by construction -- lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended
to track. The choice of the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon
rates (i.e., coupons indexed to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. It is
also important to acknowledge that funding in a currency that differs from the currency in which coupons are
denominated carries FX risk. Naturally, options on swaps (swaptions) also bear the risks typical to options in addition to
risks
related
the
rates
movements.
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including, among others, market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk.
The appropriateness or otherwise of these products for use by investors is dependent on the investors' own
circumstances including their tax position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and
liabilities, and as such, investors should take expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar
to or inspired by the contents of this publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can
be substantial. As a result of the high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be
incurred that are greater than the amount of funds initially deposited. Trading in options involves risk and is not suitable
for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an option investors must review the "Characteristics and Risks of Standardized
website please contact your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: (i)
exchange rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by
numerous market factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and
debt markets and changes in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government imposed
exchange controls which could affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are
affected by the currency of an underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at
review this information before investing.
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and all affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial
adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you, any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any information
provided in the materials attached hereto. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice,
Deutsche Bank is not acting as Your impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever
as to any strategies, products or any other information presented in the materials. Information contained herein is being
provided solely on the basis that the recipient will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment
decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any
trading strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or
account type, and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in
making Your decision. The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially
sophisticated, who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to
particular transactions and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the
offering of its products and services. If this is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this
inform
directly
from
ask
that
you
immediately.
us,
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA, NFA and
SIPC. Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates that are not subject to FINRA
regulations.
Germany: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock corporation with limited liability incorporated
in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under
German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany's Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority.
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at Winchester
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial
Conduct Authority. Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
Hong Kong: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited.
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Pvt Ltd, which is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(SEBI) as a stock broker. Research Analyst SEBI Registration Number is INH000001741. DEIPL may have received
administrative warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations.
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA,
Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks
involved in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by
multiplying the transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to
losses as a result of share price fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional
losses stemming from foreign exchange fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories
of investment advice, products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk
of losses to principal and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in
market value. Before deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should carefully read the
relevant disclosures, prospectuses and other documentation. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in
this report are not registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the
name of the entity. Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank
Group's analysts with the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the foreign securities stated on this report are
not disclosed according to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's
equity analysts are based on a 12-month forecast period.
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co.
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register
Number
South
1998/003298/10).
Africa:
Singapore: by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Singapore Branch (One Raffles
Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 048583, +65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect of any matters
arising from, or in connection with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated in Singapore to a person who
is not an accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as defined in the applicable Singapore laws and
regulations), they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank
research may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without
written consent. Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and
Consumer
China Dairy
is not to be construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments. Deutsche Securities Asia Limited,
Taipei
clients
securities/instruments.
Branch
not
execute
transactions
for
these
may
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may only undertake the financial services activities that fall
within the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower,
West Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related
financial products or services are only available to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority.
Russia: This information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute,
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia LLC Company, (registered no. 07073-37) is regulated by the
Capital Market Authority. Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia may only undertake the financial services activities that fall
within the scope of its existing CMA license. Principal place of business in Saudi Arabia: King Fahad Road, Al Olaya
District,
P.O.
Box
301809,
17th
Faisaliah
Tower
Floor,
Riyadh,
Saudi
Arabia.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the financial services
activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai
International Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been
distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are only available to Professional Clients, as
defined by the Dubai Financial Services Authority.
Australia: Retail clients should obtain a copy of a Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) relating to any financial product
referred to in this report and consider the PDS before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. Please
refer
Australian
specific
research
disclosures
information
and
related
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act respectively.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Copyright © 2017 Deutsche Bank AG
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Steve Pollard
Raj Hindocha
Michael Spencer
Global Chief Operating Officer
Head of APAC Research
Head of Americas Research
Global Head of Economics
Research
Global Head of Equity Research
Paul Reynolds
Dave Clark
Pam Finelli
Anthony Klarman
Global Head of
Head of EMEA
Head of APAC
Global Head of
Debt Research
Equity Research
Equity Research
Equity Derivatives Research
Andreas Neubauer
Spyros Mesomeris
Global Head of Quantitative
Head of Research - Germany
and QIS Research
International locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Securities Inc.
Deutsche Bank Place
2-11-1 Nagatacho
Filiale Hongkong
60329 Frankfurt am Main
International Commerce Centre,
Sanno Park Tower
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets
Germany
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Japan
Australia
Deutsche Bank AG London
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
1 Great Winchester Street
60 Wall Street
London EC2N 2EQ
United Kingdom
United States of America