Kim Shan Office: ai+ co-location, opening up private business — Kim Shan Office (68811.sh) follow-up report
The computer industry's chief ai+ co-located to open up tens of billions of income space a billion a year.
Users. In the last two years, companies have been active in expanding the private market, and this year has been a good year. Corporate products are attractive to citizens: in terms of prices, corporate products have a higher value for money than Microsoft, flybooks, etc., and lower the cost of digital construction: in terms of product functionality, content creation tools.
Together with co-location, we can improve the efficiency of the office by integrating the ai. As the company’s product capacity increases and deepens its layout, we expect that there will be greater penetration space in the private sector.
The company is gradually expanding the end-of-service authorization of individual products for the government, the company, to a subscription to the Kimsan Digital Office Platform, which is expected to raise the client's fees by providing more value-added services, which means that future clients of the company will pay a fee.
The number of prospective customers in the Party+Investment market is expected to pay 51,457.5 million per year, and the price of the future passenger unit is calculated at $399 per year (in the middle of the business version of the company), bringing the total number of cumulative annual payers to 38.15 million. The company ' s 2023pc end-of-life is 265 million.
Year/year (intermediate sales price of the consumer version of the company), total revenue space is expected to be available in the future for a portion of individual subscriptions: the current share of private corporate revenue is rising rapidly, and it is expected that the willingness of private companies to pay will continue to be raised against the backdrop of improved policies in the future and the growing productivity of the company's products.
High, we expect private companies to pay at a rate of discretion, neutrality, optimism, but as the company's subscriptions move towards the Saas model strategy, the sales fee leads the producers.
In a context of increasing growth, companies are opening up rapidly to private market space and are expected to continue to perform fast Risk factors: 1. Downstream demand risk: the number of individual subscriptions is bottlenecked and growth is not as high as expected: if business clients are under environmental conditions, budgets for digital construction are falling and market demand is likely to fall
Further affected. 2. Policy risk: Credential policies are moving faster than expected, party organs and Sunda S.A. have insufficient informative budgets, and the number of company-related orders has been affected and has fallen.
Space measurements such as services, end-c and end-b operations are based on the assumption that the existence of hypotheses leads to deviations due to factors such as cindsecuritiesco., Ltd., market developments and expectations.
1. The company is fast opening the market space for the private sector, thanks to its product and price advantages. In terms of customer structure, the main thrust of the former department was the company + government and c-user. In the last two years, the company has been active in expanding the private market.
This year has been a good year, with a rapid rise in the share of revenue contributed by local state and private companies in the last three quarters, and companies opening up the market space for private companies. Corporate products are attractive to private companies: in terms of prices, they have a higher value for money than Microsoft, flybooks, etc., and lower the cost of digital construction; and in terms of product functionality, content creation.
A combination of tools and co-location to improve office efficiency through the integration of the ai. The potential revenue space of the private sector is expected to be 149.9-449.7 billion. In Microsoft ' s income structure, end-users account for more than 80% of the total, while the main clients are micro-enterprises, which account for about 87% of end-b users; and corporate corporate business revenues.
With less than 50 per cent of the share, dominated by the United States, and with the growth in corporate output and deepening of the layout, we expect that institutional operations will have greater penetration space in private companies, with a 20-60 per cent penetration assumption that the number of potential payers will be rapidly growing, and that the potential space for domestic institutional operations will be about 20,502 million yuan per year, depending on our 20-60 per cent penetration rate.
The demand for office software upgrades for the appropriate national hardware and hardware systems will be further released along with the rapid increase in national substitution penetration of the bottom hardware and basic software of the government and business unitit system; and the company is moving forward with the conversion of product-end authorizations to the Kimsan office digital platform subscriptions, which is expected to result from the provision of additional value-added services
Clients increase their fees, which means that the future customers of the company will pay a fee, or there will be much room for improvement. In the first half of the year, the party + bankers paid 14% of the penetration rate (pc end penetration) and the cumulative number of annual users amounted to 3.81 million. In addition, in 2024, the wpsai 2.0 end of the company was released at a writing assistant, a viewer.
In the third quarter of 2024, individual subscriptions in the company grew by 17.24% over the same period, the acceptance of personal end-of-life clients in the ai was strong in promoting user stickyness and fee conversion, and sales costs are expected to decrease as the company ' s subscriptions move towards the Saas model transition strategy.
The rate is expected to rise further, and we expect to reach a 35% level in the future: so we estimate that the company is closing in three stages: with its product and price advantages, the company is fast opening up the market space for private companies. In terms of customer structure, the main thrust of the former department was the company + government, and individual users at the end of c. For the last two years, the company has been active in expanding the private sector market, and this year it is taking it.
With good results, the share of revenue contributed by local state and private companies has risen rapidly in the last three quarters, and companies are expected to open up their own market space. Companies’ products are attractive to private companies: in terms of prices, they have a higher value for money than Microsoft, flybooks, etc., and reduce the cost of digital construction; and in terms of product functions, they combine content creation tools and co-location.
In terms of client structure, the company’s main thrust was the government + the government and individual users at the end of the country. As the digital development and the enterprise’s digitalization process progressed, the company actively laid out private businesses.
• Establishment of the “National Headquarters for Small and Medium-sized Enterprises at the Office of Kimshan” – a platform for the digital transformation of SMEs: 2024 company and full-time rollout of the wps365 business growth version, designed to provide a fully coordinated business programme for small and medium-sized enterprises.
The cost of flying books, etc., is higher: for example, the wps365 growth version offers special and exclusive services to small and medium-sized enterprises, reducing the cost of digital construction. At the end of the product: improved overall functionality, one-stop office synergy; both content creation tools such as the wps office suite, cloud files, forms, etc., and a combination of business-time newsletters, meetings, etc.
Thanks to both advantages, the share of revenue contributed by local state and private companies increased rapidly in the first three quarters of 2024, and we expect open revenue space for future private companies. With the short stimulus of the epidemic and the continuation of policy, office software applications are expected to grow more mature, and markets become more widely available.
In 2023, the size of China’s office software market reached 44.25 billion yuan, an increase of 10.2 per cent over the same year in 2022, and in 2022, the size of China’s basic office software market reached 13.18 billion yuan, and co-location software reached 21,728 million yuan, or 54.1 per cent of the total, in addition to large models and artificial intelligence technology.
The confluence of technology has transformed the functional features of the office software, and according to the data of the Co-research Network, the size of the al+ office software market from 2019 to 2023 increased from 686 million yuan to 13,103 million yuan, with an annual compound growth rate of 109.09 per cent.Wpsoffice of the company is in the lead in the co-location market, and up to the first three quarters of 2024 wpsoffice
pc end-of-life (number of self-contained equipment per month) amounted to 277 million.1.2 Learning from Microsoft: private companies are expected to open up 10 billion long-term space, with micro-enterprises predominantly, accounting for about 87 per cent of end-of-end users; and corporate corporate revenues are not equal.
With 50% of the company, dominated by the United States, we expect that the proportion of revenue generated by corporate operations is still much higher in terms of the income structure of Microsoft. The largest share of revenue generated by end-of-life users in the Department of Public Administration is the total revenue of 2023 companies, which is 58.27% of total income.
While Microsoft accounts for a relatively larger share of corporate business, its annual report of 2022 reveals that it accounts for approximately 87% of the US$2 billion and the overall contribution of the commercial version. In addition, the majority of subscriptions to the office 365 version are made up of micro-enterprises.
Of the subscribers to Microsoft Office 365, 74% have fewer than 50 employees and only 7% have more than 1,000 employees; of the subscribers, 66% earn less than $10 million a year.
As can be seen from the subscription structure of office 365, most enterprises are small and micro-enterprises, which, according to the definition of the United States sba (smallbusinessadministration, Small Business Administration), represent about 87 per cent of businesses with no more than 500 employees in the United States.
The company is now making significant progress in opening up the private market, with the main push of wps 365 vs m365 of Microsoft, which is highly accepted among its customers. At the product level, wps365 is more functional and product systems, such as office end products, cloud files, and collaborative products, i, are more functional than Microsoft and flybooks.
The share of revenues contributed by local state and private companies rose rapidly in the first three quarters of 2024. We expect that, against the background of improved policies in the future and the growing productivity of companies, public and private revenue will become an important part of corporate income at the end of the year.
National inventory pc: Based on an average of 74,317.5 million domestic per year projected for 2021-2024 and an average of 7 years ' useful life of pc, the stock is estimated to be 7431.75*7 = 52,022,000.pc Number of stocks commercial pc: based on an estimate for 2021 - 2024 projected for the Inner Sea information network as the country where the volume of domestic commercial pc originated in 2021 - 2024
The share of internal pc shipments is about 46%, while the stock of commercial pc is about 52022*46% = 239.3 million. In commercial pc, we measure about 51.45 million pc (the measurement process is reflected in the letter start section of this paper) while the number of civilian pc is about 23930-5145 = 187.85 million.
The unit price is calculated as the middle 399 of the company's three-block fee price. 1.3.Info-aided office software is rapidly developing, with potential space for domestic institutional operations estimated at approximately $20.5 billion/year, and is expected to reach $371.1 billion.
The state-owned operating system, the level of mature office security technology, and the penetration rate in the country’s enterprises are at a higher level, and the company is expected to continue to benefit as the demand for credit flows down to the district party offices and across sectors. According to our calculations, the long-term future of the party-plus credit market is expected to generate about 20,502 million annual revenues.
According to data from the Chinese Software Industry Association, in 2022, the size of the Chinese market for information technology applications (office software is part of the application) reached 59,444 million yuan, and is expected to reach nearly 1.5 trillion yuan in 2025. To meet the safety and security needs of clients, the wpsofficelinux version, developed by the company, has been fully supported.
Nationally produced platform (e.g., core, fly, magnified, Shinway, etc.) and national production operating system; in addition, the company has launched a new generation of base structures for private client business. The architecture is fully adapted to the letter-making and x86 system. With regard to wpsoffice end-products, the company ' s inventive versions have been constantly improving and, by the end of 2022, the company was working together in the area of credit creation.
In recent years, with a better product system based on wps 365, companies have been active in the private and state sector of the cloud market, leading their clients to move from annual sites to annual accounts mode. In 2019, out of 96 companies in the country, customers were served by companies.
Eighty-two households, or 85.41%; in the financial sector in particular, there are commercial banks in the five largest countries, all of which are corporate customers; of the 12 national share-holding commercial banks, the number of clients served by companies has reached 91.67%. As of the first half of 2024, the company wps365 had served more than 18,000 head-state clients.
Most households buy corporate products on a site-authorization basis, and we expect companies to gradually expand the end-of-the-end authorization of individual products into subscriptions to the Kimsan Digital Offices platform, which is expected to increase payments to customers by providing more value-added services, which means that there will be significant scope for future customers to pay fees.
In the public cloud service market, companies continue to direct their clients to high-frequency cloud use and collaborative applications, with the use of a full set of product staircase versions of the digital office platform. In 2022, the public Yunsaas booked a 51% increase in the number of pay-as-you-go companies, a 70% renewal rate for paying companies, a 100% renewal rate, and a 100% renewal rate.
As the company gradually shifts its corporate mandate to institutional subscriptions, i.e., from a one-time fee payment model to an annual subscription payment model, coupled with the fact that the innovation calls for a gradual decline in district party institutions and a full push in all sectors, we expect that the company will be able to achieve significant and stable revenue in the future.
According to the definition of the public administration and social organization sector, it comprises six broad categories: the organs of the Communist Party of China, State institutions, civil society associations, democratic parties, social security organizations, mass groups, social groups and other member organizations, grass-roots self-governing organizations and other organizations; the organization of these units is more in line with the decisions of the political organs of the Party, which are called upon by the State to undertake the transformation of the State.
At present, there are 1957 million people. At present, the company's business with this part of the party is dominated by annual site authorization, and the company will gradually expand the end-of-the-product authorization business into a subscription to the Kimsan Digital Office platform, which is expected to raise the client's fees by providing more value-added services, which means that the future company will pay its customers.
At the request of the state, the message set-up will gradually penetrate into key industries from the party organs, and in the party set-up, electronic correspondence will be pre-empted, oa will be replaced, and a good foundation will be laid for a nationalized replacement of office software; we expect that the message set-up will remain the same once the industry moves forward in the future.
The BM + industry is expected to generate about 20,502 million per year of revenue in the long run. The measurement process: the number of BPs is estimated at 1957 million, the financial sector is also the focus of the future transformation of the BTW. According to a study by the National Statistical Office, the number of financial sector workers reached 8.59 million by the end of 2020, assuming 90% penetration of the pc end of the two industries; and, with the exception of finance, 90%.
In the industry, we calculate at 80% and 30% pc penetration rates for larger industries, such as education and health, respectively: the rest are calculated at 50% penetration rates.
Since the company was listed, there has been a steady upward trend in the number of individual user fees and the penetration rate of payments; as of the first half of 2024, the rate of penetration of individual user fees had reached 14 per cent (pc end penetration) and the cumulative number of annual user fees had reached 3.81 million. In 2024, the company introduced a new membership system that included super-members, a member and a large integration of both interests.
Members, individual users, the rate of conversion of fees and unit prices has been increasing, with a total of more than a million annual fees paid by i members and congressmen.In addition, in 2024, the wpsai 2.0 end of a company issued innovations at i writing assistant, i reading assistant, i data assistant, i design assistant. In the third quarter of 2024, individual subscriptions in the company grew by 17.24%,ai
High acceptance of personal end-of-service clients is a powerful incentive for user stickyness and fee-for-conversion. Business revenue of 2,653 million yuan is still far from the maximum space measured, and future income space is expected to continue to improve at a later stage as the company’s billing, the number of users, and the personal end-of-a function of the person are being updated.
If we refer to the pay penetration rate of mainstream audio video apps in the country, the pay penetration rate is more than 20% and the music penetration rate is more than 10%: as a production tool, wpsoffice's pay penetration is theoretically higher than entertainment soft: we expect the company's personal user to reach 30% penetration.
Households stay for an average of more than three hours per day, which is a group of people who are more willing to pay in the future, in proportion to the thousands per year, with a future unit price of 138 yuan per year (median sale price for the consumer version of the company), and are expected to receive part of the individual subscription figure 14: the average number of days a user uses wpsoffice per day
Figure 15: Mainstream Internet app-pay penetration (2021). Based on 1.2-1.4 calculations, we have aggregated revenues from corporate, Chinese and c-side customers; the share of income contributed by corporate companies is currently rising rapidly, and improvements in related policies are expected in the future and companies are expected to improve.
In the context of growing product power, the willingness of private companies to pay is expected to grow, and we are set at a level of caution, neutrality, optimism, and, as the company's subscriptions move towards the Saas model, sales costs are expected to decrease, net gains are expected to increase further, and we assume that the company is expected to reach a level of 35 per cent in the future; so we estimate the company's three income options.
1. Downstream demand risk: the number of individual subscriptions is bottleneck and growth is not as high as expected; market demand is further affected if business clients are exposed to poor environmental impacts and budgets for digital construction fall.
Space measurements such as letter-making operations, end-of-end operations, and end-of-end operations are based on the assumption that the existence of hypotheses and market developments have led to a miscalculation of the results. In areas such as intelligent driving, for example.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.