The product structure is optimized and the performance is rising steadily.
In the fourth quarter of the quarter, the Department continued to reduce efficiency gains, with a positive response of $23.116 billion, a decline of 8.01% in the ring, and a steady increase in production capacity. With the complete completion of the Qingdao special steel renewal project, the company was able to produce an annual product.
The production capacity of more than 16 million tons of special steel forms a chain of coastal industries. In 2021, the company managed to achieve an annual special steel production of more than 20 million tons, with greater scope for growth.
As market demand changes, companies actively adjust their variety structure and increase the value added of their products, making substantial progress in the area of research and development of key materials. In 2021, the company sold steel for automobiles in the first year of the country in 14 years, with classifications rising by 8 percentage points to 33%.
On the other hand, the company's high temperature/erobic alloys increased by 44.7 per cent and were used extensively for the launcher of the new medium- and small-power thrust rocket; the high-strength steel increased by 62.7 per cent, opening the international civil aviation market and the space engine shell steel city.
The value-added of the company’s products will increase even further.
The mid-point evaluation of Sino-Sinte Steel - 000708-2021: the quarterly rise in performance, the vanguard power, the company's successful participation in the Tianjin steel pipe and its full involvement in the management of production operations, the seamlessness of the practical controls, the annual report review of Sino-Sinte Steel - 000708-2020: clear path to development, a new performance
The steel pipe produces more than 5 million tons per year, ranking first in the world. Quarterly Review of Sino-Sinte Steel -- 000708-2020: Disturbing from the outbreak, resistance cycle. Quarterly Review of Sino-Sinte Steel -- 000708-2019: Synergy highlights, negative performance trends
For leading enterprises, growth paths are clear, markets are prominent, and business performance is robust, and it's rare in the steel industry. Given market price movements, we have slightly reduced performance projections. Companies are expected to grow by 33.85%. In the fourth quarter, companies continue to reduce efficiency gains due to adverse factors, such as higher prices for raw materials.
In 2021, the company sold 1,453 million tons of steel, an increase of 3.87 per cent compared to the previous year, exceeding the full annual target. In 2022, the company’s target for sales was further, and the product structure continued to optimize. As market demand changed, the company actively adjusted its variety structure and upgraded its product additions.
In 2021, the company axle broke out by 2 million tons and sold by the world for the first time in 11 consecutive years; automobile steel sold by 3 million tons, the country's first in 14 consecutive years, with a steel industry rising by 8 percentage points to 33%.
Erosion alloys increased by 44.7 per cent and were used extensively for new rocket motors with medium and small thrusts; high-power steel increased by 62.7 per cent, opening up the international civil aviation market, with space engine shells occupying more than 50 per cent of the steel market; special stainless steel as a whole increased by 113.3 per cent, making a solid step forward in national substitution.
5 billion yuan is available for debt swaps, and 1.2 billion yuan of the funds raised are to be used for the “3 by 1” product system optimization upgrade project, which will further increase the value added of the company's products after the completion of the two and three conversion projects.
Sub-products show a re-elevation of the Māori ratio of the dominant liner products. In January 2021, the company successfully participated in the Tianjin steel tubes and participated fully in the management of its production. Internationally controlled seamless steel tubes produced more than 5 million tons per year, the world's leading product.
The company strictly controlled the costs on the basis of lower costs during the last year. The net interest rate on company sales rose to 8.18 per cent, benefiting from the cost reduction.
The leading firms, with clear growth paths, a prominent market position, and a strong business performance, are among the rare targets of the steel industry. The company’s high-end product booms, leading to higher profitability, and given the changing market prices, our little authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author