Centre for Resources and Environmental Studies
The company's performance has increased steadily, and the net profit has increased both. The company's output has been booming in 21 years, and the company has consistently optimized its product structure, guaranteed excellent sales data throughout the year, faced with rising raw materials, and raised the market.
Field prices are adjusted accordingly in a timely manner to allow for adequate downstream cost transmission; at the cost end, companies continue to move forward with efficiency gains and control cost increases.
It's highly dispersed downstream, and the weak cycle logic is very dynamic. The company's output is huge, the company's downstream is fragmented, the high-end equipment manufacturing industries such as automobiles, engineering machinery, military aviation, oil extraction, energy are all involved, and demand fluctuations in a single industry are minimal for the company as a whole.
In the long run, the industry is the cornerstone of high-end manufacturing, and long-term import substitution space is wide. The Division now has over 14 million tons of special steel production capacity, the largest dragon in the public sector.
The company’s “3+1+2” product has been sold in 21 years, amounting to 50,000 tons. In 21 years, high steel surged, with a 100% increase in sales, and 22 years of high-temperature alloys.
High steel is targeted at 10,000 tons, with a long-term target of 20,000 tons. The Tianjin steel pipe production that the company acquired for 21 years has been affected by export tax refund policies and energy consumption in the Kyushu region, releasing only half of the production capacity, and is expected to improve marginal production in the coming year.
On the basis of 21-year performance forecasts, consideration is given to a partial increase in the prices of products this year, coupled with a slight increase in sales, which has led to the risk of price volatility of products in Ivon, the risk of falling demand from overseas as a result of the epidemic, and the risk of restricting the sale of shares.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment