Companies have been active in optimizing the structure of their products and effectively mitigating the effects of such policies as price volatility of raw materials and “energy consumption control.” The price of raw materials increased significantly in 2021, with the average price of scrap steel +29.9 per cent, the average price of iron ore +46.5 per cent, the average price of coke +46.1 per cent, and policies such as “doubt carbon”, “energy consumption control” have affected steel output, and companies are faced with the same price of iron ore +46.1 per cent.
In this context, the company has been active in optimizing its product structure, with “three or one-thousand” products growing at a high rate, with sales of high-temperature alloys in the previous three quarters exceeding their year 2020 levels. In addition, companies have taken a variety of measures to reduce efficiency gains, effectively contain cost increases, and contribute to the steady release of year-round performance.
The distribution of $5 billion in debt swaps has been approved by the China CSRC, and the high-end product layout is expected to accelerate. On December 30, 2021, the company issued an announcement that the CSRC had approved the company’s total publicly released face value of RMB 5 billion.
Bonds. The fund-raising effort is directed to projects such as the “three highs and one highs” which are of priority to the company.
Construction projects (phase III) plan to produce 52,000 tons of “three-to-one” products. In the larger context of accelerated import substitution of high-end steel materials in aerospace, energy, etc., there is scope for the development of high-end product projects planned by companies.
The engine, the gearbox, the steering system, the transmission system, the brake system, and other key core parts of the system, the quality and stability of the product have been at the top of the international standard. Since 2021, the volume of steel sold by companies has been increasing steadily, with sales in January-September 2021 exceeding the year 2020, with companies passing through Mercedes, BMW, Audi, and steel.
In the future, companies will focus on high-end vehicles and new energy vehicles for the growth of special steel materials, which are expected to continue to increase in their contribution to company performance.
In February 2021, the company won 40% of the shares of the Shanghai Electric Group Ltd., the core asset of which is 3.5 million tons of seamless steel pipe production. The company sent more than 30 management teams into the Tianjin steel pipeline to participate fully in life.
Business management, with currently managed and synergized steel pipe production capacity of 5 million tons, world-led, and future-scale synergies. Investment advice: companies are the world’s leading specialized, specialized steel-material manufacturing industry, and with the "3+1" of the future,
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.