A steady growth in performance and a robust pace of external expansion Industry classification: Metal material Adjustment of industrial layouts, regressive growth with a weak cycle of steel headlines: 2021 Special Steel Industry
Material prices have been historically high and remain high, with the scrap steel index rising by an average of 30.0% over 2020, and the Chinese coke price index rising by an average of 51.8% over 2020, while the steel industry has also been hit by the elimination of export rebates and surges in shipping charges. In this context, companies have seized on it.
The growth of high-school cars, new-energy cars and wind and wind power industries in the country has continued to grow steadily in total sales despite the decline in steel sales for engineering and machinery. The company’s rich product lines have avoided a single industry climate fluctuations that have had a huge impact on its performance, reflecting the company’s weakness.
Adjustment of part of the cost of exports to operating costs. Financial costs increased by 56.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of higher interest expenditure and lower exchange rate earnings. Research and development costs increased by 28.8 per cent, mainly as a result of lower cash recovery for long-term assets, such as the recovery of time deposits by companies and the disposal of fixed assets;
External expansion and internal integration accelerates the achievement of the 14th Five-Year Plan. The company is the world's leading manufacturer of super-stylish materials, with a focus on the new varieties of energy steel, seamless steel tubes, and 3rd and 1rd graders, in addition to the two arcade products of bearing steel and automobile steel.
Foreign companies successfully participate in the Tianjin steel tubes and manage 3.5 million tons of capacity, effectively controlling more than 5 million tons of capacity. The continuation of the Qingjia Steel relocation project is expected to produce more than tons of capacity today.
(a) The productive capacity has been expanded efficiently and rationally at the lower end of the upper secondary school level, in pursuit of the 14th Five-Year Plan;
The axle steel and car steels are at an all-time high, with 2 million tons of axle steel and 17.7% more sales than ever, the world's first in 11 years, car steel sales out of 3 million tons, and the country's first in 14 years, with the city taking the lead. In the area of industrial steel, companies participate in both the stock and the share.
In the same year as Tianjin, the company lost nearly $1 billion, significantly increasing its influence in the seamless steel industry; Wind and Power steel is growing rapidly, and large-scale offshore wind and power operations can be produced in the future.
Special steel is used mainly for key components such as wind bearings, flanges, gear tanks, etc. The threshold for the supply of this type of product will be further enhanced by the increased corrosivity, intensity, and resilience of wind materials as the sea winds become larger.
In 2021, the Department generated about $19.5 billion (+28.9 per cent) of total revenues in the energy sector, or 20 per cent of total revenues. The company has a large-scale production capacity of 400,000 tons, which will effectively raise the price and market share of its products in the wind power sector;
Debt-transferable projects are high-end, with a high priority of three or one of the top priorities for national production replacements. 20.21 billion yuan in debt-transfer projects to raise funds in three or one of the top priority areas of the country (high-temperature alloys, super-high-strength steel, high-end model steel, special stainless steel), phase two.
39,000 tons, of which 3500 tons of high temperature/erobic alloys and 53,000 tons of three-phase capacity, including 10,000 tons of high temperature/erobic alloys and three-year construction cycles.
Revenues. In demand for import substitution, the production capacity of high-end products planned by companies can be met with investment advice: companies are the leading global niche in the steel industry, tied to downstream customers, and reasonable expansion from outside promotes synergies in the industrial chain and raises industry influence; and there is a high degree of internal dynamism.
The company's automobile steel, axle bearing steel business will continue to be a leader, and the large offshore wind and electricity business will enhance the company's energy and steel profitability, and the company will further increase the proportion of high-end products as the three-high and one-special capacity is released. We expect the company's 2022-