"Researchchand developmentcenter, emerging-market dissidents are on their way, and the king of Africa is on his way again."
On February 21st, 2021, the new foreign armies of the emerging market began and the king of Africa set sail again.
On February 21, 2021, with a high net gain, the equity incentive was to lock in the core team. The main business of sound-control is smartphones and functional machine products for emerging markets, with three major mobile phone brands: tecno, itel, and infinix.
At the same time, the company created digital accessories brands oraimo, home appliances brands syinix, post-sale services brand carlcare, and expanded mobile phone applications and service operations around the diversified layout of its main business.
The share incentive program highlights the company’s confidence in high-performance growth and benefits its staff in sharing corporate development outcomes.
As emerging countries have large markets and intelligence upgrades, the global mobile market is saturated today, with relatively low per capita holdings in emerging markets and considerable incremental space. According to idc, 1h in 2020.
The continent’s 90.8 million mobile phone shipments, which remain largely stable, demonstrate emerging-market demand resilience. At the same time, the emerging-market system’s capacity is relatively high in terms of delivery structure, lowering its level of production, reaching 46.6% in 2020 for the Middle East and Africa regions, and only $105.75 for the region.
We predict that, as the penetration rate of smart machines increases, mobile market sales in Africa will reach 13.7% in size in 2019-2022, with a huge potential for structural upgrading. The search for successful elements of sound transmission has led to the expansion of business maps.
Geographical features such as applications and services are immature, and the sound spread has been tailored to local strategies, and has gained huge market access in regions like Africa, with a reputation for “the king of Africa.” The company’s multi-brand strategy has precisely defined the market, adopted a multilayered product layout, and three mobile brands have a user group with different consumer capabilities, from tens of dollars.
In addition, soundings have well-developed marketing channels, integrated after-sales services, well-connected and heavily permeable marketing channels, and localized, multi-sales after-sales services through the integration of after-sales brands of Carlcare.
While plowing deep into the African market, the company has also been active in expanding its business map, reproducing its success in Africa to other emerging market countries such as India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Russia, where it was the first in Pakistan and the top three in Bangladesh. In 2019, the total number of company mobile phone shipments reached 140 million.
In addition to the success of the hardware product, the sound of the message has a forward-looking layout in the direction of the appliance, thanks to the volume of the system, which is generated by the high rate of market access for mobile phones.
The number of active users generated by the boom app development, with companies occupying the largest data flow portal in Africa. In the area of corporate services, the company relies on flow advantages to work with Google on pre-loading, product customization, system-loading and extension; in the area of software development, the company works with a number of domestic leaders, such as Web-friendly, evasive, book-reading, etc.
First Internet companies, strategic collaboration in music, games, short videos, content syndication, and other applications, develop and incubate mobile Internet products. As of the second half of 2020, seven applications with more than 10 million active users per month have been developed in cooperation, with promising applications and potential profitability.
In addition, a powerful user database allows companies to analyse user usage habits, localization scenarios, etc., and constantly improve user use experience.
It also actively pursues a variety of strategic layouts, creating 3c accessories brands oraimo and home brands syinix, to cut into the iot business.
After-sales services systems, as well as robust growth in the iot sector and broad market space, the new business will be another strong boost to the growth of the performance of the cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Houses 9 and 38 times the size of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing. Given the potential for incremental space and structural upgrading in emerging markets, as well as the company’s leading position in Africa, for example, there is considerable scope for future performance growth, with companies being given an “additional” rating.
Key financial and valuation data (millions of dollars) Emerging markets are emerging: while the global smartphone market has entered the stock market, its growth has slowed. But there is still room for growth in emerging markets, whether mobile phone penetration, or smart machine penetration.
There are now three major brands, with a wide range of prices and user groups, and active expansion of mobile phone applications and services and the creation of digital accessories, home appliances, and after-sales brands.
By attacking Africa through well-developed products and market strategies, they are known as “the king of Africa.” And by replicating success stories to other less developed regions, such as Bangladesh, Pakistan, and others.
There is a lot of room for functional upgrading: the market is generally of the opinion that sound machines have a high turnover, leading to a lower asp, and that reliance on functional machines will be a bottleneck for corporate development. But we believe that functional business is precisely the company’s advantage.
In the lower asp, which has been ignored by other manufacturers, the lack of competitive products in the market, the rapid entry of sound, the very high market share, the high brand awareness, which not only facilitates the sound acquisition of market incremental dividends, but also allows the sound to take the lead in the stock competition for upgrading the consumption of functional machines. And, for new entrants, the time it takes to create a brand.
The iot market will recreate a new sound: in recent years, the iot market has grown in an explosive fashion, so that it can be worn, and smart homes are in the current state of the art. The 3c accessories brands oraimo and home brands syinix follow the iot wave.
The reputation, the after-sales system and the established distribution channels, we believe that the audio-iot business is expected to grow rapidly and become its performance, one, the champion of Africa's mobile phones, one, the multi-brand strategy, the multi-producer layout.
Founded in 2013, the company operates mobile smart terminals designed, developed, produced, marketed and branded, and provides mobile Internet services to users based on autonomously developed smart terminal operating systems and flow portals. The company ' s main product is three branded phones, Tecno, itel and infinix, with the region of sales concentrated in Africa, South Asia, and South-East Asia.
In addition, companies have diversified layouts around their main business, with digital appliance brands oraimo, home appliances brands syinix, and after-sale service brands carlcare. In addition, companies have developed autonomous mobile operating systems hios, itelos, and Xos, and have developed mobile applications, game platforms, and a wide range around operating systems.
Services such as distribution, diversification of operations, etc..2 Strong growth in revenue, with a high profit rate of 34.22%. Especially in 2020, despite the impact of the new crown epidemic, the global mobile phone market declined significantly, but companies caught it.
In terms of income structure, the company announced that H1's revenues in 2020 were $13,846 million, of which smart machines, power machines and other operations contributed $10,267 million, 2,493 million and $1,085 million, respectively.
Figure 2: Business income from audio control 2016-2020 (millions of yuan)  smart machine  other, in terms of regional revenue, the main distribution areas of companies are emerging global markets such as Africa, India, South-East Asia, the Middle East and South America
In 2019, the company received $19.05 billion in Africa, the main market for the company, and $5.59 billion in other regions, including Asia. According to idc, in 2020 q2's mobile phone product reached 59.38 per cent in the African market, far above the top three star, hmd and so on, with its far-beyond market dominance and brand influence, the sound spread was made by the industry.
In terms of profits, the company Māori ratio has remained high, thanks to the leading competitive advantage of mobile products in emerging markets, and is on the rise, with H1 Māori having increased by 26.88 per cent in 2020, up 6 percentage points from 2016.
The net profits of the company also grew steadily as a result of the increase in the Māori rate. Net profits of 2,639 million yuan were realized in 2020, corresponding to a net interest rate of 6.99 per cent. Net interest rates declined slightly over the same period.
The increase in the Māori rate is linked to changes in the production patterns of companies, in addition to the expansion of their output and production efficiency. Companies have three production models: autonomous production, external processing, and odm. In 2019, with the relocation of the company's Tysheno plant, the start-up of Chongqing plant, and the expansion of Indian factories, the production capacity of their own plants gradually increased, thereby reducing the proportion of foreign-cooperative processing.
As a result, the FSA processing fee ratio in the cost of the main business fell accordingly, leading to an increase in the Māori rate.Figure 9: 2016-2019h1 cost and cost ratio. According to the company ' s equity statement, as of June 2019, the company had six autonomous production bases, with the capacity of its own plant.
Uphill, the production costs of the company ' s products will gradually be reduced, leading to a greater margin of profit.3 Clear equity structures, incentives to bind core employees, clear corporate equity structures, and the Chairman of the Board of Directors, Xiao Mujiang, who is the actual controller and holds a total of 37 other shareholders through sounding investments
The company shares 51.05% of the shares. The purchasing subsidiary is Shenzhen, Chongqing, Chongqing, and the manufacturing subsidiary Shenzhen, Shenzhen Tehino, Heezhou, and 18 first-level subsidiaries, such as the research and development subsidiary Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Chongqing sound technology.
In June 2020, the company announced an equity incentive scheme to award 8.175 million shares, or 1.02% of the total equity of the company. The incentive scheme was awarded for the first time to middle-level managers, technical cadres, business cadres, etc.
There are 296 individuals with a wide range of coverage. For this incentive, the company set a target of no less than 10 per cent growth in 2020, less than 10 per cent net gains, and a relatively conservative performance target, which is conducive to sharing corporate development results, deepening core employee interests, and strengthening core team cohesion.
In recent years, the global market for mobile phones has become more saturated and competing in stocks, while the emerging markets of Africa, the Middle East, South-East Asia and other third world regions have low penetration rates, and there is much room for growth in volume, and output continues to increase.
The world has had great success in Africa and in parts of the Middle East, and in South-East Asia, where the reputation of the “King of Africa” has been well known. The success of sounding has been largely due to its locally adapted branding, operation, and product strategies for emerging-market specificities, and the high levels of self-research systems that it has acquired in Africa and elsewhere have further contributed to mobile phone applications.
The development of services has laid the foundations.1 The vast space for growth and achievement of the King of Africa is constrained by the level of economic development, and the current development of communication infrastructure in African markets is still relatively lagging, according to gsma.
In Africa, only 75% of the population was covered by mobile broadband networks 3g and above in 2019, although 26 percentage points more than the same year in 2014, a large proportion of the population still has no access to mobile networks. Poor infrastructure has led to lower mobile phone holdings in the region.
There are 430 million units, 360 million servers, with 0.33 units per capita and 0.28 units, respectively. Africa has a low per capita stock of smart machines, which is currently on a fast-growing trend, while there are still 1,795 million mobile phones (including smart machines and functional machines) from the world in 2019, according to idc.
The same-year decline of 5.07 per cent, the impact of the epidemic in 2020h1 and the increase in global mobile market output was 18.14 per cent, while Africa ' s market continued to show an overall upward trend, with 220 million shipments in 2019, an increase of 2.15 per cent. We believe that, with the level of economic development in Africa and improved communications infrastructure, demand for mobile phones will grow in Africa.
The size of the market also leaves much room for growth.asp and the structure of the shipment, according to idc data, in 2020 h1, mobile phones in Africa and the Middle East market, US$ 105.75, and in the less developed Asia-Pacific region (apejc), US$ 167.29, far below US$ 488.62 in the United States market.
Western European markets, $479.06 and mainland China, $345.63. This situation is due to the relatively high turnover of low-end hand and functional machines in emerging markets. 46.6 per cent of mobile phone shipments in Africa and the Middle East in 2020 compared to 32.9 per cent in the less developed Asia-Pacific region.
idc projects that by 2022 the share of smartphones from emerging markets will rise to 70.38%, with a significant structural upgrading trend. With 12.5 US dollars in the Middle East and Africa, 200 US dollars in smart machines, the pattern of competition is marked by the concentration of African market brands in the head, and the spread of the word is more than half the market share.
According to idc, in 2020 H1 sound was as high as 41% and 67% in the African smart market and the functional market, respectively, far above competitors, with a high degree of local market recognition. The main competitors in the African smart market were Samsung (19%), Hua (10%), Opo (5%) and Small.
Mi (5 per cent), while the main competitor in the functional machine market is hmd (9 per cent), the city is well below the sound, which is far ahead of the market position and the size of the shipment.
Emerging market regions are vast, with the exception of Africa, and countries and regions such as the Middle East, South Asia, South-East Asia, Latin America, and Central and Eastern Europe, which tend to have gross national income per capita below $4,000, a large population base, low consumption levels, compared to African markets, where higher economic growth can lead to faster increases in their consumption levels, with significant increases in mobile phone markets.
India had 0.54 mobile telephones per capita per year, which grew to 0.63 in 2018, with the average of smartphones per capita increasing from 0.1 to 0.27, with a rapid increase in the penetration rate of smart machines.
Figure 22: Per capita ownership of India ' s mobile phones 2014-2018
In India, it’s also active in expanding business maps to cover other emerging markets.
There are 3.36 million in Pakistan and 2.15 million in Bangladesh. Countries such as the Philippines, Russia, Viet Nam, etc. are covered. (1) India: markets are large and functional.
Results. Similar to the African market, India ' s mobile phone market continues to grow, with a relatively high output of functional machines. According to idc, in 2020, 83,52 million H1 Indian market smartphones were delivered, 32,82 million functional machines were delivered, smart machines were seized, the main competitors in the market were Mi, Samsung, hmd (Nokia), and Mi was led by a higher number of cities.
In the Indian market, where products are smart, and where the sound has been able to build up its skills in functional products, and where power is the main source of goods, in 2020, h1 achieved 18.03% of the market share in the Indian functional market, and splits it equally with competitors like Samsung, Lyf, and Hmd. With the function machine as a cut-off portal, the sound has opened up incremental space in the Indian market for the future.
Figure 24: Number of Indian mobile phone shipments (millions) by 2015-2020h1 Indian functional market ratio by 2020h1 (2) Pakistan: short-term economic setback, high number of sound markets
As a result of economic policy and the international political environment, Pakistan's domestic economy has experienced a certain decline in recent years, with a slight contraction in the size of the market, with a total of 11.9 million H1 mobile phones delivered in 2020, accounting for 55 per cent of the smart machine. With regard to city occupancy, the sound spread in Pakistan's market has been fast since 2019, and in 2020, h1 became the number one brand with an overall market share.
Unlike India, where the average mobile phone in Pakistan is only $66.57 due to a lower level of economic development, the sound gained a far more competitive share of the Pakistani smart market, with 47 per cent of the market, based on a price advantage, and the smart machine product was the driving force behind the sound in Pakistan.
(3) Bangladesh: The ratio of smart machines is low and opportunities for structural upgrading are significant. Bangladesh is a large population in South-East Asia, with 163 million people in 2019 and cell phones in 2019, according to United Nations statistics. The Bangladesh Communications Regulatory Commission only started issuing 4g plates to mobile operators in March 2019.
The penetration rate is far lower than in other countries and regions, with Bangladesh accounting for 22% of H1 smart machine departures in 2020 according to idc data, with 2.15 million H1 incoming in 2020 and 17% ranked third in Bangladesh. It is worth noting that while the size of smart machine exports in the country is still low, the number of H1-to-20% in 2020 was heard.
With its communications infrastructure improving, its full coverage of the 4g network, and its penetration of the smart machine increasing, we believe that sound is expected to grow in a sustained way. Thanks to emerging-market cosmopolitans and companies’ accumulated advantages in functional and low-cost smart machines, sounding has been able to bring themselves to Africa’s markets.
The success stories were replicated in South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East, etc., where we looked forward to the expansion of corporate business profiles in emerging markets, which would also bring more performance growth points for companies.3 Multi-branding markets, multi-level product layouts, etc.
Emerging markets, such as Africa, differ significantly from large markets such as mainland China and North America, where user consumption levels and demand vary considerably from other regions, where many mobile brands adopt a unified product line strategy that is not customized, and where their dominant product lines in other markets are not suitable for emerging market consumers.
Based on a well-understood understanding of emerging market user groups, companies have created three brands with different profiles for different consumption groups. Tecno is located at the upper end, targeting emerging middle-class consumers in emerging markets: itel, positioning popular brands.
To a wide range of grassroots consumers and value-oriented users, and to the infinix brand of fashion technology, with a focus on digital marketing and fan operations, for young consumers, with products as smart machines. We can also see differences in brand positioning in product configuration parameters, with Tecno brands in the main pixels, the number of cameras,
Storage capacity, battery capacity, soc specifications are relatively high, while itel is more popular. Infinix matches the year.
In terms of prices, three brands cover a much larger range of prices. According to stock book data, in 2019, the prices of H1infinix, Tecno, Iel smart machines were $578.76, $486.86 and $300.40 respectively. Tecno and Itel have other functional machine products at $77.61 and $54.57, respectively.
And its smart machines still carry multiple cameras, large-capacity batteries, high-capacity storage, etc., at a lower price, with a significant value for money, which is an important reason for its success in emerging markets. Markets have argued that sound transmission success in Africa is too dependent on functional machine products, and that the number of functional machine exits is too high, with a single share of cargo.
Lower prices will be a bottleneck for corporate development, but we believe that the success of functional machine products is one of the advantages of sound transmission. The reason is that functional machines are the key to sound maintenance, which will give voice brand visibility and recognition.
For the mobile phone industry, branding is the first factor in consumers’ choice of cellular products, as branding has led to the creation of brand visibility.
Sounding can lead competitors in stock and incremental market competitions, and can enable consumers to continue to choose sound smart products in future consumption escalation. For new entrants, not only will it take longer to build a corporate brand, but it will cost several times more to maintain and consolidate the brand.
Moreover, thanks to effective supply-chain management, the functional literacy rate is as high as 28%, and despite low unit prices, it still contributes to the company’s profits at the scale of the delivery of the message.
4. Complete marketing channels, integration of after-sales services, in addition to differences in consumption capacity and demand for use, African regional markets are characterized by fragmentation, comprising a large number of small countries, and the time and cost of establishing marketing and after-sales services in each country is high, and sound transmission is already available after many years of deep cultivation.
There is a well-developed and in-depth system of channels, which is the greatest advantage over other brands, the most powerful barriers to competition and the moats that sound has when his competitors expand to emerging markets. The company’s marketing model is based on distribution, with a strong strategic vision and science-based approach to building up and improving it.
A network of well-connected, permeable, and stable marketing channels has been established. The pre-emptive advantages of marketing channels have provided a solid basis for consolidating and upgrading market ownership in emerging markets such as Africa and India.
Partnerships have formed a marketing network covering major global emerging markets such as Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East, and South America. Companies have established a complete management system for retail terminal resources, upgrading and upgrading marketing outlets at all levels.
In addition to sales, companies also have integrated after-sales brands of carlcare, which are covered by their own brands.
Carlcare is committed to providing home-based one-stop services for the global market, and now has more than 2,000 service outlets (including third-party partnerships), the largest electronic and home-based product service provider in Africa. Carlcare has many of its top professionals in the industry.
A team of managers and technology, covering regions such as Africa, South Asia, the Middle East, and South-East Asia, provides specialized and efficient after-sales services to global users. Specialized after-sales systems provide strong guarantees for companies to consolidate and increase their share of emerging market sales, further enhancing product stickivity with end-users.
Figure 34: Carlcare provides after-sales services from multi-grade categories, with a substantial increase in prices, thanks to the company’s successful product and market strategy. Companies have been growing rapidly over the past few years.
According to the report, between 2016 and 2019, sound cellular traffic grew from 78 million to 140 million, a significant increase. Moreover, it benefited from the maturity of emerging markets, the gradual increase in the penetration of smart machines and the upgrading of the company ' s own product, the annual increase in the share of smart machines in the company ' s mobile phone stock, which reached 35 per cent in 2020h1, and 13 percentage points in 2016.
Higher asp, which increased to $10,267 million over the same period, up 40.3 per cent from the same year in 2019.asp On the other hand, according to company subscriptions, H1 smart machine asp was $441.73 in 2019 and has been on the rise since 2016 as a whole. And due to the significant higher smart machine asp and the optimal delivery structure, the ratio of smart machines has increased.
The average growth in the company ' s mobile phone product also remained steady, resulting in a substantial increase in prices. Figure 37: 2016-2019h1 sound cellular phonesasp($) III. Controlling traffic entrances, applications and service prospects
In addition to the success of hardware products, where sound is a forward-looking layout in the direction of the application services, companies are host to the largest data stream in Africa: first, the extremely high rate of city occupancy gives sound-based self-researched operating systems a huge load; and, second, the sound-broadcasting has developed multiple apps with multiple partners, with large users.
But companies have taken advantage of valuable flow resources in emerging markets and have taken the lead in the development of application services. 1, Self-researched audios, diversified system services, and mobile brands under the banner of soundings have been installed on a secondary, in-depth custom-based smart terminal operating system based on the Android platform.
In terms of services, the company relies on flow advantages to reach Google 1) apk pre-loads, taking the lead in carrying image recognition on a mobile phone and the ocr application of googlelens to turn on Google to enhance reality.
Application of program software platform arcore on low-cost cellular products and introduction of Google Voice Assistant google assistant special buttons on equipment.) Product customization, based on a high insight into emerging market user needs, is determined by the company in conjunction with an understanding of the characteristics of the target market
Making related applications, such as a company integrating its own photo editor into a google album, making photo editing more local and efficient. 3) System-based implementation and roll-out, taking into account the low configuration of emerging market smart machines and sounding on the operating system base of low-end smart machines
In Androidgo, a small and quantifiable android system that operates more fluidly on low-matching mobile phones, saves storage space and data flow, and enhances the experience of low-end machine users. Current system services are mainly focused on functionality optimization and extension, but companies work closely with Google.
The growth of markets and the development of mobile Internet value-added services, such as pre-enactment, application/game distribution, advertising, pay materials/themes, and localization of services, will result in a business-profit model that gathers and distributes from flow to flow realization. It is hoped that in the future there will be considerable performance growth for sound transmission.
In addition to operating systems, companies actively develop and incubate mobile Internet products in cooperation with many of the leading Internet companies in the country, such as Internet e-mail, troupe, book-reading and other applications in the areas of music, games, short videos, content syndication and other applications.
By the second half of 2020, applications with more than 10 million active users in seven months had been co-developed.
Figure 41: Music appboomplay, in which sound and web-friendly joint ventures are easily established, multi-applications are developed, and the music streaming media platform boomplay is one of its software products. By September 2020, Boomplay had more than 62 million active users, the size of the studio.
More than 40 million headlines and copyright collaborations with three major global record companies (global music, Warner music, Sony music) are currently Africa’s largest music streaming media platform, honoured with Africa’s Best Mobile Applications Award 2017. According to market agency data, in 2020, q2 of Africa’s music app list, bomplay was 15.48%.
The weekly activity rate is the second highest, with 20.9 openings per person per week, 40.49 minutes per person, all far above the Googleplaymusic preloaded by Andre. The short video application vskit is also a software product under easy flags.
The high prevalence of the text, which has become the main entertainment mode of popular recreation during the time of fragmentation, has also led to an annual intensification of households, with more information and a multiplicity of vectors, contributing to the development of the global mobile advertising industry. vskit ranks top 3 in Nigeria, Kenya, Ethiopia, Ghana, etc.
In contrast to other regions, there are few mcn institutions in Africa, and vskit takes full advantage of localization to build its own mcn ecology to ensure the output of quality content. Vskit has a dedicated team to manage the local kol.
Some of the youtube video studios and the artist brokerage companies work together to help them convert to short video content producers. Unlike mature video applications like tiktok, vskit is currently in content accumulation, but the advantage of vskit is that, thanks to easy localization, the company has a large number of locally contracted artists and has developed a large number of local kols.
The content of tiktok is often produced in other mature markets. As vskit builds up the advantages and barriers of local short video content, it can be developed in the future.
The localization team was established, ranking the top 3 users of news applications in Nigeria, Kenya, Ghana, Egypt, etc. q2scooper was ranked 4th in 2020 in the Africa Region News Information Group app, according to Treasure Data.
In addition, the huge number of networked users brings to the company a vast and complete data resource that allows the company to acquire, calculate and de-escalate the underlying properties of the user's usage habits, configuration preferences and cellular dimensions, such as cellular performance, heat, system/application stability, communications environment, etc., using large-scale distributed computing and storage clusters for a basic experience of data.
Analysis and modelling of user behaviour, guidance in research and development, testing, production, after-sales multi-dimensionality, full-chain business overlaps, continuous use of big data to optimize photo capabilities and enhance user experience, enabling companies to develop techniques for human face characterization, automatic scene recognition, etc. by targeting user habits and preferences in the areas of photographing, deep-skinned human face recognition, localization landscapes, etc.
The company has a series of data analysis and strategy systems based on a wealth of mobile end data from mobile phones. The company currently has self-research techniques based on big data like dark-skinned people, dark-skinned smarts, dark-skinned-face recognition, etc.
Cvpr20lip is a dark-coloured champion in the international race. The sound has a long-term, forward-looking vision and vision in the digital layout, and its focus on data flow resources is highly forward-looking, and although they have not yet materialized, they have laid the foundation for its future software development and services, and the sound has been broadcast.
Four, iot’s booming, diversified layout, new growth dynamics, based on the pre-empowerment advantages accumulated in the mobile phone market, and the active implementation of the diversification strategy layout in Africa’s markets.
With regard to digital accessories, companies have created a 3c component brand, oraimo, which covers a wide range of product lines, such as wearing, audio, charging, storage, and vehicle loads. Sales cover more than 30 countries and regions in Africa, Asia, and are now the most popular consumers in Africa.
The company’s digital component products depend on its cellular business. The market for cell phones and accessories has grown steadily in recent years, thanks to the continued boom in the smartphone industry, and the global mobile power market is expected to grow in 2022, according to Grandviewresearch.
To reach $20.880 billion, oraimo is popular with products such as 10,000mah18wpd fast-loaded mobile power toast10pd. The apparel has grown explosively in recent years, and companies have closely followed the wind vents to launch the smart watchtempos, tws headphones freepods series, which, according to Counterpoint, predicts tws headphones in 2020.
After years of taking root in Africa, with a large share of the mobile market, a large user base and high brand recognition, it will effectively drive the sale of its accessories. And companies have built a wide-cover, permeable, stable camp through mobile business.
The distribution channels network, covering more than 70 countries around the world and more than 2,000 dealers, will play an important role in the expansion of new products. In addition to benefiting from new services such as smart watches, tws headphones, which can be worn by mobile phone operations, they will also develop anti-breeding smartphones, enhance user experience, enhance user stickyness, and develop diversified business eco-models,
With regard to domestic appliances, the company created a high-end home brand for syinix positioning, covering products such as televisions, refrigerators, air conditioners, washing machines and electric fans, while the itel also expanded its home power business, positioning it as an entry-level home brand, and infinix started to prepare for it.
The smart television business, which provides young users with an intelligent home experience of “fashion technology.” The year's capr is 2.6%, with a large space. The size of the household electricity market is directly linked to the level of per capita income everywhere, with Africa and its emerging market regions having a large population base but a low level of development and with their economic and social development, the domestic electricity industry has increased considerably.
First, Africa, for example, lacks local brands, depends mainly on imports, competition patterns are not yet entrenched, and sound development opportunities are greater. Second, and more importantly, domestic appliances, products with long life spans, new cycles, high demand for quality and after-sales services, and their distribution channels are often offline.
It's a unique competitive advantage. V. Profit forecasting, valuation and investment ratings.
1. Africa’s mobile phone market still has a continuing value for sound transmission, while other emerging-market countries harbour more opportunities for development. Africa’s mobile phone market still has the potential for incremental spatial and structural upgrading, with idc 2020h1 transmission reaching 40.9% in Africa’s smart market, and we believe there is still room for upswing, with Africa’s market intelligence expected to reach 50% in 2022.
With only 44.1% of airfreight, economic development and communications infrastructure will bring certainty of structural upgrading. In addition, emerging market countries such as India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, the Philippines, and Viet Nam have been incorporated into business maps, and mobile phone output is expected to show greater resilience as it continues to expand in these areas.
The first is branding, where branding is the primary consideration for consumers to choose products such as mobile phones and digital accessories and home appliances, and where sound brand visibility and recognition are based on their large market share, which is difficult to overstep with others. The second is marketing and post-sale channels.
Markets such as Africa and South-East Asia are fragmented, new entrants take a lot of time and costs to build their channels, and there is a pre-emptive advantage in soundings. Thus, we believe that soundings have a strong enough market position and that there is still room for an increase in city occupancy.3,iot operations will become new growth points.
There is also a lack of strong competition in iot markets in regions such as Africa, so we think the iot business is going to work. With self-contained brand recognition, after-sale service systems, and established distribution channels, iot business is expected to become the leading division in Africa and elsewhere, driving sound performance growth, with considerable scope for future performance growth, compared to comparable firms in the industry, with less-than-square-spans.
At the same level, companies are given an “enhanced” rating. There are repeated outbreaks abroad; changes in competition patterns; and market demand is not as high as expected.
The industry chain for the conductor and consumer of electronics, and also the initiator of coffee from the well-known semiconductor incubator platform, has assisted several semiconductor companies in the third place in the new wealth electronics industry; in the 2/3 place in the 18/19 Crystalball electronics industry; and in the 3/2 place in the electronics sector in the 18/19 Golden Bull Award. Liu Shaqing, M.A. from Wuhan University joined the south-west securities in 2018. In 2020, he joined the Sindar securities and became familiar with the semiconductor industrial chain.
Liu Chilai, Master of Finance at the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined the Sunda Securities in 2020 to study the electronics sector. Akita, a Master of Arts at the University of Akita, joined the Sunda Securities in 2020 to study the electronics sector.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.