Centre for Research in Innovation Technology and Business Services
Voice-held shares (688036.sh) are bought (first rating) by the King of Africa's mobile phones on the way to the Starship Sea, where the market for African smart machines is vast and the King of Africa's Protector River is deep. 1) The company is the African mobile phone market.
In 2019, companies accounted for 53 per cent of Africa's mobile markets, 96 per cent of its mobile business and 77 per cent of Africa's markets. 2) The large population (1.3 billion people) determines the vastness of Africa's smart cellular market and the steady growth of the population (an annual average of 2.6 per cent) + low per capita security of smart machines.
(0.33 units only) + smart machine share is low (42 per cent) determining the growth of the African smart market, with future shipments expected to grow at an average annual rate of 10 per cent. 3) Companies focus on emerging markets, their products capture user needs, and targeted R & D address user pain points (more rolled out).
Cartoon, deep-skinned beauty, super-long waiting functions, high value for money (the average unit price for smart machines is less than a year), the share of corporate products in the African mobile phone market rose from 34 to 53 per cent, and the share of cities continued to rise, with up to 70 per cent in East and West Africa.
Newcomers outside Africa have a population of over 2.5 billion people, and smart machine exports have increased by an average of 10% per year. Emerging markets outside Africa accounted for only 23% of the revenue in 2019, with companies starting out of Africa in 2016 in India and other new countries.
A positive market layout, with 2,000 new distributors in India and other emerging markets in 2016-2019, six times the number of African distributors, taking into account the dominance of corporate products, which will be accompanied by future channels, emerging markets will contribute to the company ' s major growth.) In 2019, companies accounted for 1.4 billion people.
The company now owns digital brands oraimo, home brands syinix, 7 applications (covering more than 10 million active users per month).
Music, short video, payments, news. New business (digital accessories, sales of domestic Xinjiang appliances and mobile interconnections) at H1 in 2020 was only $500 million, or 4 per cent of total income, and in the same period Mi
(8621), iot, consumer goods and Internet services account for 40 billion yuan, or 39 per cent of total income, with future increases in household power penetration in emerging markets, mobile Internet market releases, and emerging business as a company.
Yoo Yeon-suk is building a second-growth curve.
1. Africa is the second largest continent in the world, with the largest number of countries, 54 countries and 6 regions.
Africa’s population in 2019 totalled 1,318 million, Africa’s population in 2011–2019 to 2.58 per cent, far higher than the rest of the world’s population.
The demographic structure of Africa is clearly characterized by a young pyramid, with 59.8 per cent of the population aged 0-24 years, with the population concentrated mainly in the lower-middle age group and with a high demographic dividend. (2) In the subregion, the total population of East and West Africa is over 300 million and over 30 per cent, with Nigeria (West Africa) being the African population.
The largest number of countries, with more than 200 million people. Population growth is similar across regions. Africa has a low per capita gdp, which varies considerably from country to country. 1) Africa, with a per capita gdp of $1862 in 2019, represents only one sixth of the world average gdp 11442. 2) In the subregion, four countries
Figure 5: Gdp per capita in major regions of the world (current United States dollars)
Ethnic, religious, linguistic diversity. With the Sahara as its frontier, Africa can be divided into North Africa and sub-Saharan Africa. North Africa is close to the Middle East, is multi-faith, Arabic is the official language, and North is not usually considered part of the Arab world. More than 90% of sub-Saharan Africa is black.
The ethnic group, also known as “Black Africa”, has many nationalities and more diverse religions, and there are small emerging religions in addition to religion, Christianity and Islam. In terms of language, although English, French and Portuguese are the official languages, the peoples are more accustomed to using local prevalence.
2. Smartphones: Population growth + increase in penetration guarantees an increase in the volume of goods delivered, and the value of the product ratio for African regional communications has gradually moved from the age of 2g to the age of 3g. According to gsma, in 2019, the South African (sub-Saharan) region was still in the age of 2g/3g, with a coverage rate of 91% and 4g.
Coverage is only 9 per cent, with 4g coverage expected to rise to 27 per cent by 2025 and 5g coverage expected to increase to 3 per cent; the Middle East and North Africa is in the transition from 3g to 4g, with 2g/3g coverage at 71 per cent and 4g coverage at 29 per cent, with 4g coverage projected for 2025
▪ Low per capita ownership of mobile phones in Africa, which is expected to continue to grow rapidly in the future. 1) In 2018, Africa had 0.6 cellular holdings per capita, compared to 2.2 per cent in 2014-2018; and in 2014-2018, there were 0.33 cellular holdings per capita, compared to 26 per cent in 2014-2018 and currently African smart people
All holdings are well below the global holdings of smart machines per capita (0.43 units) and will be large in the future; per capita holdings are 0.3 units, compared to 10 per cent in 2014-2018. 2) Africa handloads in 2019 were 220 million units, compared to 6.4 per cent in 2014-2019, of which smartphones were exported.
Figure 13: Africa’s steady growth in cellular output is low, Africa’s mobile market is low, and high-value competition over brands is evident. In the third quarter of 2020, low-end mobile phones (under $200) accounted for smartphone shipments in Africa’s smartphone market.
In this market environment, consumers are more likely to choose products that are cheaper and less expensive under the same performance, and therefore have a more competitive advantage over high-value mobile brands.
Figure 15: The price structure of smartphones in Africa II. Protector River: based on the African market, product + channel + post-sale + branding has a strong advantage, with "user respect" as a core value, and corporate brands are popular with consumers.
Created a message in Hong Kong, with the company's vision of “becoming the favorite smart end product and mobile Internet service provider for consumers in emerging markets” with the core values of “user, respect, openness, innovation, sharing, bottom line” and “globalization vision, localization”
Implementation of the Strategy, Focusing on Emerging Markets, 2006 company launch of a mobile phone brand called Tecno Test Rainia, corporate product capture of user needs, targeted R & D to address user pain points, high value for money, clear access, well-saled services, popular with consumers, 2017-2020, corporate flag
The next three brands, tecno, itel and infinix, were selected for Africanbusiness as the absolute leader of the African mobile market, with a rising market share. 77% of the company ' s main business revenues in 2019 were from mobile sales in Africa, and in 2016-2019, corporate products were in Africa.
The share of the mobile phone market rose from 34% to 19%, and the African market’s leading cell phone is strong. With regard to smart machines, the company’s share reached 37% in 2019, the q3 sound machine’s share reached 44% in 2020, an increase of 8 pct compared to q3 in 2019.
In terms of functionality, 54 per cent of the cities under the company ' s umbrella in 2019 were in the Middle East and Africa, 73 per cent in q3 in 2020, and the proportion rose rapidly.
The rate is higher (440 million people in East Africa, $927 per capita, $390 million in West Africa and $1774 per capita), with corporate smarts accounting for 66 per cent in East Africa and 75 per cent in West Africa.
• At the end of the product: Insight users’ needs, targeted research and development to address user pain points, with a high value for money. “Docado” functions as the first barrel of gold in a company's test water in Africa. African regional operators generally hold multiple Sim cards.
First, a double-card phone, tecnot 780, is the company's “first barrel of gold” in a water trial in Africa. In 2008, the company launched a four-card four-runner.
“Extra-Long-time” addresses the problem of cellular chargers. Africa’s electricity infrastructure is inadequate, it is often restricted, and it is difficult for mobile phones to remain charged for hours. In cases where electricity is insufficient and charge is needed, companies launch large-capacity cell phones for up to 20 or 30 days.
Given the high temperature of mobile phones, which are charged slowly, companies have developed low-voltage straight-up technologies, custom-made oral and private sub-temperature-control technologies that allow efficient charging in high-temperature settings.
In 2016, Boomj8 was launched to buy mobile phones with customized headphones, fully adapted to African consumers’ living habits.
In response to the problem of dark-skinned photo technology, which better caters to dark-skinned users. Considering dark-skinned images of people whose faces are poorly imaged under dark light, the company has pioneered dark-skinned photo technology that uses software algorithms to sample and position the five officials of dark-skinned people.
The technology allows dark-skinned faces to be tested for accuracy of more than 90% and people to be self-produced more than 90%. In 2014, the technology was industrialized, and in 2015, the company launched a camonc 8 mobile phone match.
A low-light camera with double-leed flashlights is very popular with consumers. Chart 24: Comparison of the effects of dark-skinned photo-taking techniques for the creation of an African language bank for linguistic diversity.
Creates a unique large database of African languages that can more precisely match the input habits of local users. In countries as linguistically rich as Esselbia, companies also launched mobile phones in 2012 that support many local languages.
For African consumers, it's easy to sweat, self-research uv, corrosion-resistant techniques. Africa's hot climate, high sweating and sweaty hands, companies build up their first database based on the alkali content of African consumers, targeting local users in Africa.
The value of the product is high. Considering that Africa has a lower per capita gdp, the market is dominated by low-end mobile phones, the average price of corporate smart machines in 2018 was $454, of which three brands are infinix,
The average price of a tecno, itel smart machine is $628, $497 and $308. The average price of a company ' s power machine was $66 in 2018, and the value of the company ' s product was outstanding.
In 2007, Africa had a population of about 963 million people, while mobile phone penetration was less than 20%, and companies had opted to start with small four or five-line cities when they entered Africa.
The strategy of “marketing everywhere” raises brand visibility. The vastness of Africa, where mobile phones are difficult to do, and the centralization, allows companies to increase brand influence by “brushing walls” everywhere.
Figure 27: Corporate marketing of wall ads in Africa, with 2737 distributors in total, compared to 57% in Cagr in 2016-2018. Currently, corporate products have entered more than 70 countries and territories worldwide, with more than 2,000 countries in various markets
(b) By the first half of 2019, there were 360 distributors in African markets.
(b) In the first half of 2016-2019, the company's revenues were mainly from old distributors.
The equivalent income of over 10,000 distributors accounts for 76 per cent of total income in the African region.
To better bind consumers and enhance brand image, in 2009 the company created a post-sale brand carlcare, which covers electronics, household appliances, lighting, etc.
Seven major post-sale maintenance centres, covering several countries and regions in Africa, the Middle East, South-East Asia and the Americas, are the largest electronic and home-based product service programme solvers in Africa.
iii. Regional outreach: opening up emerging markets, with India, Bangladesh, Pakistan showing a sharp increase in the number of smart machines coming out of emerging markets. 1) The total number of mobile phones coming out of emerging markets was 674 million in 2018, compared to 8.65 per cent in Cagr in 2011-2018, and the global number of mobile phones coming out was 1,891 million.
In 2011-2018, at 1.38 per cent, the market for new and emerging mobile phones had a greater potential than the global market, and it was projected that in 2022, 833 million mobile phones from emerging markets would reach 5.44 per cent.) In 2011-2018, the number of smart machines from emerging markets increased from 51 million to 335 million.
In 2018, less than 50% of the output of smart machines was expected to continue to grow at a high rate. India’s smartphone market grew steadily.) In 2019, India’s cellular output was 280 million.
The same year was 12 per cent lower than last year, with a 28 per cent decrease in the number of mobile phones delivered, mainly functional; smart phones, 150 million, 7.4 per cent higher than last year, representing 54 per cent of the total number of mobile phones delivered.) In 2018, India ' s per capita holdings were 4.9 units, representing an increase of 0.2 per cent over the same year, and remained largely stable.
Per capita security of smart machines was 3.7, an increase of 26.8 per cent over the previous year, a rapid increase.
In the Indian market, company mobile phones accounted for 6.8 per cent of the Indian market in 2019, ranking fifth. 2) The functional market: thanks to excellent product power, the company’s functional market rose rapidly, and in 2018, the company’s under-country itel market accounted for 8 per cent, ranking third, the q3 under-the-company brand in 2020.
The city has 22%, and is ranked second. 3) Smart machines: the top five in the Indian smart market were used to be millet, Samsung, vivo, oppo, and realme, with a lower share of companies. 300 million mobile phones were delivered each year, with a 4.1% growth rate, and the number of functional machines continued to dominate.
For 23 million, 76.6 per cent, with an annual growth rate of 4.9 per cent; for 70 million smart machines, with an annual growth rate of 1.4 per cent) in July 2017, the company entered the market in Bangladesh, with 15.6 per cent in 2019, the second-ranking market for smart machines and 13.5 per cent in 2019.
1. Depending on the mobile phone business, active implementation of a diversified layout strategy has led companies in recent years to create an eco-chain of brand names based on the excellent branding effects accumulated in African markets.
At the centre of the three major mobile phone brands, itel, tecno, infinix, are several brands of syinix, oraimo, and carlcare, after-sales services. At the same time, companies are actively expanding the downstream mobile Internet with a strong market base.
The autonomous development of smart terminal operating systems such as hios, itelos and xos, as well as the development of a number of applications such as music, moving payments, short videos, etc., will continue to benefit from the company ' s mobile Internet operations without a natural, sustained and stable flow.
In 2019, the company ' s other main operations (digital accessories, sales of household appliances and mobile interconnections) generated revenues of $1 billion, an increase of 31 per cent, which is expected to be accompanied in the future by an increase in household power penetration in emerging markets, interconnectivity market exposure and the creation of new growth points for companies.
2. Improving digital home brands and building complete eco-links The digital brand oraimo was created in 2014 to cover products such as mobile power sources, smart bracelets, mobile sound boxes, bluetooth earphones. Currently, oraimo has successfully covered more than 40 African and Asian products.
In 2019, the oraimo brand successfully participated in the amazonstar project and was promoted by Amazon as a success story.
Created in 2015, the home and electricity brand syinix covers products such as smart television, air conditioning, refrigerators, washing machines, microwaves, electric hot water kettles. In June 2017, syinix worked online with the African jumia. In 2018, all air conditioners, television sales in Africa were 3 million, far lower than those in China.
Television sales (50 million, 18 million) are currently extremely low in Africa, and will be accompanied by a rapid growth in corporate power operations with an increase in household electricity penetration in Africa.
3. The layout of mobile interconnections, expanding the space for corporate development, has become one of the mainstream operating systems in major global emerging markets, such as Africa.
Three smart terminal systems have been customized hios, itelos, and xos. Around the os system, the company has also developed applications such as application shops, game centres, advertising distribution platforms, and mobile phone housekeepers. Currently, the company ' s autonomous development of soundousos has become part of major emerging markets around the world, such as Africa.
One of the main operating systems, with a huge amount of cellular access resources. Based on this, the ability of companies to move the Internet and grow their products will gradually increase, and in the future they will be able to develop and incubate mobile Internet products in a significant way, for example, through flow realization.
The first Internet company to cooperate in the field of music, short video, games, content, and other applications. By 2020h1, it had cooperated in the development of applications with more than 10 million active users for seven months.
Boomplay, vskit, and palmpay. Boomplay, created by a company in partnership with a web-friendly group, was launched in 2016 as a music and video streaming platform dedicated to users in Africa. Boomplay has been worldwide with three major record companies around the world.
Music, Warner, Sony, and the global independent digital copyright agent, Merlin, have worked together to provide African consumers with a positive version of Euro-American pop music and African indigenous music. By July 2020, Boomplay had more than 95 million copies worldwide.
The bomplay weekly activity rate of 15.48 per cent, which is 20.9 times per person per week and 40.49 minutes per person per week, has become the largest music flow media platform in the African region.vskit, created by a company in partnership with the Internet Group and launched in 2018, is a dedicated Africa.
The market ' s short video community product has a cumulative capacity of over 40 million users. q3vskit ranked seventh in Africa in 2019 with a weekly activity rate of 0.9%, with 2.1 openings per person per week and 4 minutes per person per week.
At present, vskit activity is incubating, and later will increase penetration by building up local video content through collaboration with local African kol (key opinion leaders). Palpay, created by a company in partnership with the Internet-friendly group, came online in 2018 and was a mobile one.
Paying for the product, in 2019, Palpay took Nigeria’s mobile money operator’s license plate officially launched, and after receiving $40 million in financing in the same month, palpay accelerated its roll-out. 20 million mobile phones will be installed under the flag in 2020.
The palpay function is also very basic, limited to bank transfers, utility charges, billing charges, etc., but there is a low bank card penetration in Africa, where mobile payment wallets are likely to outpace traditional payment patterns, opening up huge development space.
The news-polymization application scooper, founded by a company and launched in 2017, focuses on localizing content creation and information aggregation, has set up localization operations teams in five countries, ranking among top 3 users of news apps in Nigeria, Kenya, Ghana, Egypt, etc.
According to Treasure Treasure data, 2020q2scooper ranked 4, weekly activity rate 2.97 per cent, weekly per capita opening 4.7 times and weekly per capita usage 10.5 minutes.Ficool, an online reading application, was created by the company in collaboration with the Reading Group in 2019.
On-line, the platform will start with almost 30,000 existing English-language works, and will continue to be available in other local language versions, as well as in local original content, and Ficool will pre-position it on a brand-wide phone that will be marketed in Africa.
The mobile connectivity growth index is ranked first in Africa and fourth in the global growth list. According to the global leader of mobile marketing analysis, Appsflyer, published in October 2020, the advertising platform aggregate performance report, the company mobile interconnection growth rate is ranked first in Africa, the fastest and fastest growing.
One of the most promising emerging platforms. On the global growth list, companies ranked fourth, and also performed very well. Chart 49: The Global Performance Report on Advertising Platforms.
In India and other emerging markets, more than 2,000 new distributors were added in India and other emerging markets in 2016-2019, taking into account the average income from the longer-term corporate partnership of distributors, other major operations are expected to continue to grow rapidly and the Māori rate to remain stable.)
2021, 2022 sales rates, management rates, R & D rates remain the same, and Mi Group is a comparable company, considering the company's deep-farming emerging markets, its better growth, and the risks of mobile competition: relatively low penetration of smartphones in emerging markets, and large cellular market spaces
More and more mobile operators are entering emerging markets, such as mills and popo, starting in 2019, and increasing the layout of African markets. While companies have achieved higher market shares in markets such as Africa, they continue to develop technology if they are unable to sustain technological innovation in their products in the future.
With increased inputs in branding, market promotion, after-sales services, supply chain management, or competition before firms complete research and development and diffusion of new technologies, firms may face the risk of falling market shares.
There is a wide range of differences between countries in terms of culture, economic levels, and industrial regulatory policies. The development and production of products for new markets, branding, and the building of channels require sustained financial and human investment.
The failure to open new markets will have a negative impact on the growth of the company’s performance, given the risk that the company’s products will be sold abroad and that the company will own factories and many major sellers abroad, in the event of major changes in laws and regulations, industrial policies or the political and economic environment in the offshore areas.
In addition, if the new crown outbreak is not effectively controlled, the company’s offshore operators will be affected to a certain extent.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment