The Lithium industry (002460) reported a three-quarterly review in 2017, with net profits increasing 1.07 times the same time in the first three quarters, and the introduction of equity incentives, Lee Longhai.
During the third quarter, the company achieved operating income of 2,842 million yuan, an increase of 40.51 per cent over the same period; realized a net profit of 1,004 million yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 106.57 per cent over the same period; and a net profit of 803 million yuan, an increase of 60.24 per cent over the same period, attributable to the shares of listed companies;
eps 1.38 dollars. The significant increase in performance was due to the stabilization of the supply of lithium quartz raw materials from the Australian company Rim, while the sales of the company ' s lithium salt products increased at the same rate; the net profit attributable to the listed company ' s shareholdings grew much faster than the return of the stock generated by investment returns.
Roe (ttm) benefits from the rapid increase in sales of electric vehicles in our country.
In January-September of the year, we produced 4.24 million new energy vehicles and sold 398,000 vehicles, an increase of 40.4 per cent over the same year, and in December, the lowest price was 37.7 per cent, of which 348,000 and 325,000, respectively, were sold in pure electric vehicles, an increase of the same amount.
52.0% long and 50.5% long. After the 2016 eruption, new energy automobile sales continued to grow at a rapid rate, driving the demand for lithium-powered batteries, which directly boosted lithium products, which count as lithium carbonate equivalents, not less than 350,000 tons, 50,000 tons, 70,000 tons, 90,000 tons.
Lithium carbonate continues to be priced at a high level, keeping an eye on lithium hydroxide. Because of the high demand downstream, the supply is too high, and since 2017 lithium carbonate prices have been a process of continuous increase, at current prices.
And, as the three-dollar material gradually becomes the mainstream of the positive material, it forces the demand for lithium hydroxide. Maintains the company’s “recommended” investment rating.
And expanding the company’s industrial chain to deploy upstream resources to achieve upstream and downstream integration of the production chain from raw materials to deeply processed products. The continued rapid growth in electric and motor vehicle sales provides strategic development opportunities for companies and space for their continued rapid growth. We anticipate that
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company's relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.