q3 Performance grew rapidly and the product matrix continued to improve
2023q3 shows a rapid growth in performance, with the same rate of Maori pressure. The company achieved a rapid increase in new energy sales in the first three quarters of 2023, and the product matrix is getting better. The cumulative sales of the company ' s main vehicles in the first three quarters of 2023 were 306,000, representing an increase of 96.15 per cent in the same year.
It is becoming more and more sophisticated, with three new energy brands: the Source, the Deep Blue, and the Avita, covering between $9 million and $390,000. The original brands have been published at a05 and a07, a06 and q05, which will soon be on the market, helping to increase the volume of new energy cars sold by companies.
On August 16, deep blue cars and China signed a framework agreement to focus on the area of intelligence and to promote new technologies in the area of smart electric cars.
Deep blue s7i and sl03i, with high-level intellectual support systems, will be on the market in the near future, and the new model will mainly upgrade the sensors compared to the model sold, allowing for intelligent deviations, supercars, integration of main roads, intelligent speed limits, etc.
Module 4.0 and the high-level smart driving assistive system ads. 2.0, which is expected to help long-end cars hit high-end markets, maintain a higher rating. The company’s new energy vehicle sales are growing rapidly, and the product matrix is becoming more sophisticated.
It is expected that the company’s research, “positive” investors will be suitable only for a study that does not have a higher risk level than “medium- and high-risk” and that “radical” investors will be suitable for the use of our Division’s various categories of individuals who possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, in a diligent and professional manner and in an independent and objective manner.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the publication of this report.