Chang An's third quarterly review: a single quarter with a record high income and a significant improvement in profitability
Events: On 31 October, the company issued its third quarterly report for 2023, and in 23 years q1-q3 it achieved business revenue.
At present, $42.71 billion (+48.3 per cent for the same year); net profit of $2.23 billion (+0.6 per cent for the same year); significant increases in revenue are mainly due to the combination of deep blue cars and the sale of autonomous brands.
Autonomous brands are growing faster and new energy products are showing good performance. Twenty-three years M1-10 car sales \triangleright 211.10 million vehicles, +10.8 per cent of the year; of these, 1.748,000, +15.9 per cent of the year, are autonomous brand sales.
Automobile sales were 134,000, or 22.1%, of the same number, overseas sales were 197,000, or 26.2%, of the same name, and new energy sales were 364,000, or 88.8%, of the same name, leading the fuel vehicle and gradually improving the matrix of new energy products.
Cs75, vivo plus, etc., fuel is in the forefront of the Chinese brand; in the area of new energy vehicles, four new energy brands have been created, namely, Deep Blue, Open Source, Avita, Ideas idd, and for 23 years, deep blues 7, Open Source a07, Open Source a05, un-kidd, un-vidd, etc.
To accelerate the transformation of intelligence and build quality ecology with suppliers. To launch the Chuges Smart Cyclops, the Sky Constellation, the coded smart transformations, and to work with China on a strategic basis to build high-end intelligence products.
Avita: Joint venture director intelligence with Tianjin Investment Fund partnership in Chongqing, tied up the country’s high-quality chip tap and coded smart driver. Profit forecasting and investment rating: fuel truck business cash cow, new energy business is expected to open up to growth.
Risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, less than expected sales of new vehicles, less than expected transformation of new energy sources, Cinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from the top down. The automobile industry chain is fully covered, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industrial chain, smart cars, and autonomous brands.
Tsao Jie, Assistant Researcher in the Sindha Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Science, Beijing University of Technology, covering smart cars, car networking, new driving forces, and so on. Ding Ji, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering smart cabins, electric motors, car preparation, etc.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed a service agreement with the CVM, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.