Co-operative China aims to deepen its technological capabilities and accelerate its intellectual transformation 27 November 2023  Key message: 25 November 2023, the company's skills in Long Kong District, Shenzhen City, Guangdong Province
Art Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Worms”) signed the Memorandum of Investment Cooperation.
The Department has also worked together strategically to support target companies to become China-based, global, and service-oriented leaders in the industry’s auto-smart systems and component solutions industry. The company has worked with China to establish a subsidiary in the form of a joint equity venture, deepening technology and accelerating intelligence.
1) Modalities of cooperation: A establishes a target company whose operations include car smart driving solutions, car smart cabins, smart car digital platforms, smart car clouds, ar-hud and smart car lights, etc., and will be dedicated to relevant technology, assets and people within the target company's business.
Injection to the target company: B and its related parties propose to finance no more than 40% of the target company’s equity. At the same time, A will not, in principle, engage in a business that competes with the target company’s scope of operations, B will fully advance the strategic synergy with the target company.) As a follow-up, the target company will now be engaged.
Investors with strategic partners, such as car firms and companies of strategic value, gradually open up their shares and become diversified companies. 3) In the medium and long term, this collaboration will accelerate the construction of a complete, autonomous, leading, fully intelligent whole-of-the-art capability for the intelligent age.
A robust transition to a smart, low-carbon company with a new car cycle with a strong start, and a continuous shift in the electric power of the company; with China as an enabler, to speed up the intelligent transformation. With respect to the new car, Aveta 12 is on the ads 2.0 ladder.
"Long An Car (000625): October sales, smart driving system and Hong Men's cabin. Smart industry leads. q4 is on the market for bulk delivery. Long +7.21%, new start-up vehicle is powerful.
Enlightenment a05, q05 and a06 are on the market in q4 for further enrichment of mid-to-low-end market product matrices, ready for payment; in 2024, the company is also expected to launch two-to-three new models for deep blue/open source/Avita, with full coverage of 50-400,000 full price areas, using China.
In order to enable technology, speed up the drive, improve the competitiveness of products and boost overall sales.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We maintain the net profit of the Chang An vehicle from 2023 to 2025, and the "buy-in" rating of the Chang An vehicle.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.