In order to sign a memorandum of understanding between Shen Jia and Hua to enhance intellectual and technical cooperation, it was suggested that “buy in” be proposed, according to the November 26 announcement, that the company and China sign an investment cooperation memorandum to participate in the stock market.
In order to create a new smart car solution company, to further strengthen collaboration with Wah, and to upgrade motor intelligence technology, companies are expected to increase their sales steadily as new energy products such as deep blue and open source are marketed; the launch will also help to drive the heat of the new Aveta, the latest Chinese technology.
In the medium-to-long term, such initiatives as collaboration with China on intellectuals and marketing of overseas markets have helped companies to speed up their transformation and open up market space. Chang-Ann’s car is intended to join a new company: on November 26, the company issued an announcement and signed with China.
A Memorandum of Investment Cooperation, to participate in a new company. According to the announcement, China is to set up a new company to operate in automobile smart systems and component solutions, and will also have in-group and automobile smart driving solutions, car smart spaces, smart car digital platforms, smart car clouds, ar-hud
The company will be the backbone of the corporate smart car asset. The new company will have access to existing strategic partners.
Investors of strategic value, such as car firms, open their shares, according to which the LTA and related parties are to finance a share of no more than 40 per cent of the new company, but the specific share ratio, the corresponding amount and the duration of the deal still need to be negotiated, with the final transaction document scheduled to be signed within six months.
Institutional investors account for a share of the circulation, and the Chang An car is in a critical period of rapid, intelligent and electro-dynamic transition. Chang An has been working with China’s Avita brand, and this new company will further strengthen its collaboration with China.
China is leading the intelligent driving industry, and Chang An’s adoption of Chinese technology has helped to increase the competitiveness of products in intelligent driving and intelligent hardware. Companies have recently accelerated their journey to South-East Asia: they have recently accelerated the deployment of the South-East Asian market.
The company’s Luong Dynasty manufacturing base began construction, with a design capacity of 100,000 vehicles per year, scheduled to start production in 2025, and a planned capacity of 100,000 vehicles per year in two phases. The site is the first production base to be located overseas, which facilitates localization of the company’s operations in Thailand, and will also radiation the entire South-East Asian market.
In addition, a South-East Asia launch of the Chang An brand will be held on 27th, and companies are actively promoting branding and channeling in the South-East Asian market. Full access to the South-East Asian market is the first step in accelerating the company’s journey to the sea, according to the company’s release this year,
In January-October of this year, the company's own brand of overseas sales was a figure, a monthly sale of Chang An's car.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.