ngshensecurities, ngsengsecurities, ngsecurities, ngsengsecurities, ngsec, ngseccurities, ngsengsecturities, ngsengsecurities, ngseccurities, ngsegsecs, ngsengsec., November 27, 2023, 2023.
Summary of events: The company issued a public announcement stating that on 25 November 2023, the company and Hua signed a Memorandum of Understanding on Investment Cooperation, and that, following consultations between the two parties, China proposed to establish a target company whose business would include automobiles, smart driving solutions, smart cabins, smart car digital platforms, smart car clouds, ar-hud and others.
Smart car lights, etc., and inject relevant technology, assets and personnel that are used exclusively in the operations of the target company into the target company.
The company and the company have been working together for a long time, \triangleright 2019, where the company and China worked together to deepen the overall strategy and set up a joint innovation centre; and 2020, where the company and China worked together for a long time.
In August of 2023, Deep Blue and China signed a strategic cooperation agreement to launch a new version of China's wisdom next year.
Car type; in November 2023, Aveta 12, with an ads 2.0 and Hong Qiang module, was listed, and six days later, s01052311002 was set to break 15,000 and demand was strong. We believe that Hwa is a deep-dwelling driver, core cabin technology, city.
Noa is on the top of the country's first echelons; the company is now strong in its power-driven transformational energy and, as shareholders in the target company (not more than 40 per cent), is expected to gain full access to the technology and product resources of the target company, to be given the intellectual empowerment of the beneficiary, to improve the competitiveness of the product effectively and to accelerate the transformation of the smart electric power; valuation end, to finance.
Target companies are expected to enhance their intellectual attributes and value their companies. The independent operation of the target company will facilitate access to external resources for development. It is mentioned in the bulletin that the target company will operate independently on the basis of the principle of marketization, and that the components and solutions within the scope of its operations will in principle be owned by the target company.
It is provided to whole-of-car customers that, in principle, do not engage in business that competes with the scope of the target company’s business. We believe that the removal from the system of smart driving, etc., helps to ease sanctions on smart car chips and better promote the development of the core lines of business such as smart driving, cabins, etc. of the target company.
Target companies are expected to gradually open their shares for development. The announcement states that the target companies will gradually open their shares to investors such as \triangleright ' s existing strategic partners, car companies and companies of strategic value.
We believe that, following up, as more car companies work with target companies to build up intelligent driving data, promote eco-economy, promote target companies, and thereby better equip companies to be listed. Investment advice: We look forward to the transformation of corporate electric intelligence, which adds value to intellectual empowerment.
\triangleright model delivery is less than expected and industry “price wars” are on the rise. Methodology and analytical logic lead to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.