Together, we're starting a new company, and we're looking forward to a big leap in car intelligence.
On November 25, the company and China signed the Memorandum of Investment Cooperation to create a joint venture to provide smart car solutions, covering smart drivers, smart coaches, smart car digital platforms, intelligence.
China will be able to take ownership of all of the smart technologies, such as the cloud, the ar-hud, and the smart lights. The stock holding ratio is not more than 40%, and the new company is expected to get a subsequent equity investment in the company for other strategic partners such as car companies and companies of strategic value. Given that the company and the company are expected to deepen their cooperation, the level of intelligence is expected to increase.
The company's level of motor intelligence is expected to rise even further, and the company and China are working to further advance their smart car business through the hi model, where Aveta's 11th edition is on the market and 5,000 are scheduled to fall in seven days; Aveta 12 is carrying Hung Monos 4 and ads 2.0, and six days are on the market.
With 15,000 broken down; Deep Blue also worked with China on August 16 on intelligence, smart power operations are expected to accelerate. With the creation of a new smart car solution company for China’s joint venture, the company is expected to gain a greater degree of Chinese-wide smart technology support, thereby driving its automobile business further.
Xiaohua, a smart car business that is expected to accelerate penetration, will benefit industry chain companies in general, through its own smart technology, brand effects, marketing services, etc., and through spare parts, hi, smart selection models and enabling cars, has now been launched in favor of the new m7 and m9, intellectuals s7, Aveta 12, etc.
In the case of smart driving, ads 2.020223 are expected to achieve a national no-tuncca; and (2) in the case of smart cabins, Hong Yu's 4.0 drive has led to an upswing in travel experience.
In the words of the Secretary-General, with Chang An's layout of the medium-to-low-end car market, closer cooperation is expected to boost China's ability to open the middle-to-low-end market for smart cars, flying three wings across the sea – corporate updates. Meanwhile, given that new companies are expected to get more strategic-valued cars in the future,
In addition, China is expected to accelerate technological advances and landings in the intellectual sector in order to deepen its intelligent business layout.
Breaking the pass rate by 20% - Corporate Update Report