On December 07, 2023, Aveta had a total of 1.83 million vehicles, i.e. + 21.8 per cent of the total, and Chang Anfort had a volume of 19,000 in November.
New energy performance is bright and blue + kick-start + Aveta is rapidly changing. In November, the country distributed 940,000 vehicles by car, compared to 29% in November, and the ring + 6% in November. In November, the company made a total of 14.2 vehicles by car, 11.8%, and the new energy sources performed significantly better than the industry.
In terms of new energy, the sales volume was 1.06,000 units, respectively, from source and deep blue, and 4,080 units from Aveta, with excellent performance, with a high demand of more than 20,000 units, accompanied by a strong volume delivery of new vehicles and an acceleration of the company ' s high-end market.
On November 25, the company and China signed an Investment Cooperation 1. Long An (000625.sz) event review: \triangleright
Aide Memoire to deepen cooperation across the board. We believe that China is well advanced in the field of advanced technology, and that the city of Noa is on the top of the country's first echelons; and that the company now has a strong electric intelligence transformational energy, and is expected to gain full access to the technology and product resources of the target company as a shareholder of the target public division (no more than 40 per cent)
Intelligent capacity to effectively improve product competitiveness and accelerate smart electric transformation; valuation end, the Finance Targets Division is expected to enhance corporate intellectual attributes and enhance corporate valuation. Overseas sales accelerate to grow to open global markets.
\triangleright’s global right rudder production base will be operational in Thailand in 2024, with an initial capacity of 100,000 and a second phase of 200,000. The company expects to complete the two major ASEAN and European regional cities by 2024.
The entry of the field, the clear thinking and firm pace of globalization, and the potential for high-quality products to open up long-term growth space.
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.