The year 2022 saw a significant increase in performance, with a rapid expansion of capacity in 2023, and a significant increase in performance in 2022, with a high yield of multi-crystal silicon. The company’s main producer of multi-crystal silicon, with a nominal capacity of 105,000 tons in 2022. In 2022, the company achieved business income of 30.940 billion yuan, compared with 186 per cent in 2022.
The net return to the mother was $19.12 billion, or +234 per cent; the corresponding figure was $6.26 billion, or 133,000 tons, for the 2204 quarter. Low energy consumption + automation of production lines, with significant cost advantages.
Continued reduction of electricity consumption per unit of production, with the establishment of a 3-thirty-five thousand phasea project with combined electricity consumption below the industry average of 60kwh/kg-si; in terms of electricity prices, the company ' s capacity is concentrated in low-priced areas such as Xinjiang Shishi River, Nemong Gu bag, while long-term price preferential agreements are signed to ensure that the cost of electricity is at a cost.
In addition, the company ' s ipo project is more productive, with a multi-crystal silicon product list with a 52-week maximum/minimum price, lower vapour consumption; further automation of the production line; and a continuous decline in labour costs.
The company is actively organizing the upstream integration of silicon materials, which is proposed to build 300,000 tons of high-purity industrial silicon projects, 200,000 tons of organic silicon projects, some of the industrial silicon capabilities, 200,000 tons of high-purity polysilicon projects and 21,000 tons of semiconductor polysilica.
In terms of competition, in the short term, new entrants to the silicon industry will be more productive and more fragmented in 2023. In the long run, leading firms with the advantage of raw materials and manufacturing costs are expected to earn a reasonable long-term return.
In 2022, the company achieved business income of $30.94 billion, equivalent to +186 per cent; net profit of $19.12 billion, equivalent to +234 per cent; net profit of $19.15 billion, equivalent to +236 per cent.
In 2022, the company ' s Māori rate was 74.8 per cent, a 76 per cent increase over 2022, when the company sold 133,000 tons of polysilicon. 2201-04, the company sold global carbon and consensus + photovoltaic parity, respectively, and the industry was at a high rate of growth.
The photovoltaic industry was first emerging in Europe and has so far gone through four phases. 1) The early stages of development: between 2004 and 2010, with Europe as the development centre, Governments introduced proficient subsidies and large-scale commercialization of the photovoltaic industry.
2) Adjustment period: In 2011-2013, the outbreak of the European debt crisis led to significant reductions in photovoltaic subsidies in European countries, and lower rates of return on investment and faster expansion of upstream capacity led to an imbalance in supply and demand in the sector. Moreover, Europe and the United States launched a “double back” survey of our country, which severely constrained the development of its photovoltaic sector.
3) Long-term: from 2014 to 2018, the Photovoltaic Development Centre gradually moved to China, where the Circular on Volatile Leverage for Healthy Development of the Photovoltaic Industry, the Solar Development 13th Plan and various subsidy measures contributed to the rapid development of the photovoltaic sector. By the end of 2018, China had achieved a total number of photovoltaics.
174.2gw. Close to nine times 19.4gw in 2013. (4) Pari passu period: from 2019 to the present, countries have set carbon emission targets, and clean energy sources have been favoured. Technological advances have led to declining photovoltaic generation costs and industry entering parity.
As the environmental climate issues brought about by global warming gain prominence, “carbon neutrality” has gained broad global attention and support, and many countries and regions have proposed their own carbon neutrality and targets. The development of renewable energy is an important way to achieve the “carbon neutrality” goal, and photovoltaic is the most cost-effective and responsive source of renewable energy.
Global renewable energy installed at 302gw in 2021, with a first breakthrough of half, or 56% of the total. On the other hand, the current share of photovoltaic power in the electricity market is still small in terms of the size of the power generation. Global photovoltaic power supply was only 3.7% of the total electricity supply in 2021.
There is great scope for replacing non-renewable sources of energy with photovoltaic power. Figure 12: Global installed capacity of new renewables in 2021 (gw) Figure 13: Photovoltaic power as a share of total global electricity supply
Over the past decade, as technology has evolved, processes have advanced, and industrial chains have improved, the cost of photovoltaic power has continued to decline rapidly, falling by almost 90% over the decade, from the highest-cost energy to the lowest-cost energy source globally. The rapid decline in the cost of electricity generation has led to the gradual removal of photovoltaic from policy subsidies in countries around the world.
At the policy level, carbon neutral and target countries continue to push for a clean energy transition with their own decarbonization targets; at the market level, the current photovoltaic costs are competitive, and future industrial mitigation efficiency will continue. Policy and market factors determine photovoltaics.
As the cost of photovoltaic power continues to decline, and as countries around the world attach importance and impetus to energy conservation and carbon reduction, photovoltaic machines continue to grow continuously. Global new loaders range from 32gw in 2012 to about 230gw in 2022, and 10 years cagr in 2022.
From 21.8 per cent, the Chinese market accounted for 34.5 per cent of the 10-year capr, which is significantly higher than the global growth rate, and China ' s share of the world ' s photovolts rose from 14 per cent in 2012 to 38 per cent in 2022.
Polycrystal silicon: Supply releases, prices go down, silicon is the element in the crust that is second only to oxygen, and it is widely present in rocks, sand and soil, in the crust matter, generally in the form of compounds, and in order to obtain a higher purity, it needs to be in the form of high-purity quartz (sio2).
For raw materials, carbon is reduced to liquid silicon when the temperature melts in the electric arc furnace. After liquid silicon flows out of cooling, it becomes solid metal silicon (also known as industrial silicon or coarse silicon) and is a raw material for the manufacture of multi-crystal silicon (also known as “silicon material”), with a purity of about 96-99%, which can be raised to 99.9-99% for the purpose of manufacturing.
A better PV cell requires a purity of 99.9999% of silicon material, so industrial silicon is required to be purified, i.e., silicon preparation. The prevailing method of multi-crystal silicon manufacturing is to improve the western doornail method, and some companies promote silicon silica-based sulfide bed law.
In 2021, the global production of polycrystal silicon increased by 23.2 per cent over the same period, with electronic-grade polycrystal silicon producing about 37,000 tons, solar-grade massive silicon about 584,000 tons, and granular silicon about 21,000 tons.
Global multi-crystal silicon production capacity is 774,000 tons, an increase of 273 per cent over the same period, with additional capacity mainly located in China. Figure 18: Global and Chinese production of silicon (tonne tons) multi-crysilium production is in the chemical industry, production equipment is relatively complex, and control requirements for the response environment are more demanding.
So, when the needs of the photovoltaic industry change rapidly, there is a significant time lag in the adjustment of silicon production capacity. Silicon production in 2018, 2019 can be significantly larger than downstream, in excess; silicon production at the end of 2020 is slightly scarce; it is 2021.
By the end of the year, silicon production capacity has been significantly smaller than downstream links, and the lack of capacity has increased. We expect that from 2023, silicon supplies will be at the point of demand and supply, and supply will shift from scarcity to easing again.
Markets. And then, as countries around the world move into photovoltaic parities and carbon neutrals and targets, demand in the photovoltaic sector clearly improves, silicon supply and demand reverses, and prices start to rise up to $307/kg. In terms of competitive patterns, silicon links are more concentrated, with industrial output cr5 rising from 58% in 2019 to 58% in 2019.
Figure 20: Production concentration in the silicon sector Figure 21: Production concentration in the silicon sector
At present, domestic silicon production costs are significant, and the core silicon production core equipment of Siemens is largely nationalized. With large-scale domestic silicon production, China’s share of the market in the silicon industry is expected to continue.
Looking forward to the future silicon sector, on the one hand, with an increase in total capacity, supply of silicon material moving from scarcity to easing; on the other, new entrants to the silicon sector will enter more productively in 2023, with a fragmented pattern of competition. So, in 2023, the silicon price will open the way down.
Head players in the multi-crystal silicon industry, deep-dry silicon research and development and production, and technological innovation, combined with low-cost energy advantages and the advantages of the local silicon industry base cluster, focused on the development, manufacture and sale of high-purity silicon, one of the first enterprises in the country to engage in high-purity multi-crystal silicon research and development and manufacturing.
In 2022, the company owned 105,000 tons of high-purity multi-crystal silicon nominal capacity, and the city was in the first echelon. The company provided high-purity multi-crysilica raw materials for downstream-silica tablets, semiconductor silicon tablets, etc., leading companies in the photovoltaic industry, such as Lungi Green Energy, Crystal Australasia Technology, Skynet Energy, tcl Central Ring, Upboard Number Control, Mercio, High View Solar.
Long-term and stable cooperative relationships have been established, with market recognition and good industry reputations. Figure 22: The history of the company as of 2022: q3 All New Energy Company Ltd. held 71.66% of the company ' s shares directly and held the company ' s holdings.
East. The company actually controls Xu Guangfu and Xu Shang's father, the founder of which is Mr. Xu Guangfu, the director of the company, and his son, Mr. Xu Shang, the director of the company, who together hold 1.82% of the company's shares directly and 22.66% of the company's shares indirectly and 24.48% of the company's shares.
Table 4: Corporate executives and other key personnel with significant cost advantages + upstream industrial silicon power layout, with an expected increase in corporate-market ownership
1. The company is a multi-crystal silicon-led company that has achieved bulk supply of N silicon. It is a leading manufacturer in the multi-crysilica industry, with a multi-crysil silicon-based R & D, production and marketing industry, which accounts for more than 99 per cent of total operating income.
A rate of 14.1 per cent, with industry ranked third. Figure 25: Corporate multi-crystal silicon production and share of the domestic market (tonnes, per cent) Improved Siemens approach, cold hydrogenization in tail gas recovery processes and autonomous development of dcs
Core control systems are fully automated production lines, complete automated and cycled closed loop manufacturing, and well-developed integrated thermal recovery and waste disposal systems can produce high-quality, low-energy, low-yielding, high-purity multi-crystal silicon products.
So far, the company has achieved bulk supply of N silicon and has obtained approval from several downstream customers to establish long-term partnerships with a number of well-known companies, including Lungi Green Energy, Crystal Australasia Technology, Triangular Light Energy, Central Rings, On-board Count Control, Merco, Highview Sun, etc., some of which have been locked up until the end of 2027 and are still in business.
The cost of multi-crystal silicon production is at a lower level in the industry, with a significant advantage in electricity costs.
(b) Electricity prices: the company's capacity is concentrated in low-priced areas such as Xinjiang Shishiko, Inner Mongolia, while at the same time it is associated with the Tianfu.
In addition, the company ' s ipo project is more productive than its original capacity, with a multi-crystal silicon unit vapour consumption lower; the single-body installation of processes such as cold hydrogenization, distillation, etc. has expanded and back-end process automation has increased.
Further upgrading and a significant reduction in the staffing of the production system, resulting in a continuous reduction in labour costs, cost advantages, 3 and the integration of silicon materials into production efficiency gains, with an expected increase in municipal capacity.
Investment of $33.25 billion in the construction of 300,000 tonnes/year high-industrial silicon project, 200,000 tonnes/year organic silicon project, 200,000 tonnes/year high-purity polysilicon project, and 2110,000 tonnes semiconductor polysilicon project. The project is divided into two phases, with q1 starting and is expected to be completed by q2 in 2023; and 150,000 tonnes/year high-purity industrial silicon project
The project is expected to become operational in q3 in 2023; phase II will be driven by market demand. Firms are actively deploying silicon capacity in the upstream industry, and future production costs are expected to fall further depending on silicon self-supply.
In the long run, the supply of silicon material tends to be excessive, inter-firm competition increases, firms with a cost advantage in raw materials and manufacturing are expected to gain a competitive advantage, tail tribes are able to speed up their output, companies are expected to supply silicon, and the market share of the head business is expected to rise.
The company’s main business is the production and sale of high-purity multi-crystal silicon, and our main assumptions for the company’s future business are as follows:
It is expected to be completed by April 2023 and to be fully operational by the end of June. In addition, the second phase of the new multi-million-ton multi-crysilica project, to be built on the head of Inner Mongolia, is expected to begin construction in March 2023 and to be completed by the end of 2023.
On the price side, the supply of multi-crystal silicon in the industry has gradually eased as silicon companies have increased their production capacity, silicon prices have moved down the line, and the company's high-purity multi-crysil silicon units are expected to be free of taxes in 2023-2025, with costs and Māori aspects, and the company's increased production process material utilization, low energy consumption and technologies are expected to be high.
The target is internationally advanced, and the effects of scale continue to be demonstrated, with a combination of raw material industrial silicone self-supporting, and the combined production costs are expected to be further reduced. Based on the above-mentioned major operating income and Māori projections, we are expected to have cost, tax rates, and dividends over the period of the company in 2023-2025.
Based on the following main assumptions, the fcff valuation method is used to derive that the absolute value range of the company is more sensitive than the wacc and constant rate of growth, and the following table provides a sensitivity analysis of the absolute value.
The company's main business is a multi-crystal silicon production sale, and we've selected the multi-crystal silicon head conglomerates and new energy sources, and the author has assured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.