Forster's first quarter of 2024: The profit advantage of the film tap was highlighted, the electronic material event: the company recently published its first quarterly report of 2024, which achieved $5,321 million in operating income, and a strong and significantly improved level of profit from the film tap.
The company is expected to produce about 650-7 million flats in the first quarter of 2024, and the industry’s share of the market is expected to reach 50% +. The profit level has improved significantly, benefiting from the company’s lead in operating, up-front in resin prices, and rubber competition pcts.
Photovoltaic production is expected to rise in the sea, and companies actively deploy overseas production. The company is officially operational in the year of photo-voltaic film industry, and as the capacity of components expands in South-East Asia, the company plans to expand the capacity of the film production of the Thai base, while simultaneously initiating the construction of the Vietnamese production base, which expands both domestically and internationally.
The company’s ability to produce film is expected to reach 3 billion square metres, while the overseas capacity ratio is expected to reach 20% +. We believe that, as the demand for indigenous capacity increases in all regions of the world, the share of overseas components is expected to rise further, and the demand for overseas high-quality film production is expected to increase continuously.
The company’s photovoltaic products are rich, and obb is expected to add value to the encapsulation program.
Materials such as membrane, connectome (obb process), butyl glue, structural glue, insulation, etc.
Technological developments in titanium ore stacks, increased sensitivity of film cells to water vapour, and a significant increase in the proportion of products of the poe class, with the production of <h1 membrane overseas, the second half of which is deep and the electronic material business is expected to accelerate the release. The company pushes for "light-based"
Development strategy based on high molecular material in thin film form >--2019-05-03
Key commons in materials, continuing to develop both ends of the electronics business, companies successfully imported deep < < yearbooks > > , photo-voltaic parity Internet access, supply systems for well-known customers in such industries as south circuits, congenial electronics, income-generating electronics, etc., are expected to hold.
Newly >--2019-03-07. With the emergence of new industries such as arithmetic infrastructure, human robotics, and new energy car intelligence, electronics is expected to grow even faster.
Investment proposal: The company, as a PVL tap, leads the profit-making industry and, with PVC competition patterns optimized, the company ' s profitability level is expected to be repaired, while benefiting from research, supply chain input and breakthroughs in electronic material operations, and the company ' s electronic materials business is expected to come to an end
The company's photovoltaic operations and its efforts to develop other new material industries will go through Cho Foster's first quarter of 2024, where the profit advantages of the film taps are highlighted, the electronics Foster's first quarter of 2024, where the profit advantages of the film tap are highlighted, and the electronic materials.
Forster's first review in 2024: The profit advantage of the film taps is highlighted, electronic material.
10th floor of the State-run building at 500 Southeast Road, Shanghai City, Hsien Shenzhen City, Hukuda Business Center, 19th floor, 1904 New World Center, Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.