\triangleright 12/04/04/04/04/04/04
The company achieved photovoltaic film sales in 2023, an increase of 70.22 per cent in the same year, operating income of $20,481 million, an increase in the same year, overall lower prices, and price fluctuations of raw materialseva particles, leading to some monthly inventory costs and film.
Price mismatches affect profitability levels, but companies, as photovoltaic film taps, have a 50% left of the city for many years, and have maintained sound profitability.
Topcon, hjt, 0bb, xbc, film batteries and thorium assemblies are provided with the best value for money wrapping programmes; while at the same time actively promoting overseas expansion of production capacity, plans are being made to produce film for the Thai base.
Production expansion and the start-up of Viet Nam’s production base to meet the needs of customers in the US, Europe, and South-East Asia markets. Backboards continued to grow, with cities rising to the second highest level in the world.
The development strategy of the company’s luminous backboard business shifted from robust to positive, with Lee Xiaopen’s sales ranking rising to the second highest in the world in 2023, and the growth of overseas capacity to start the luminous backboard business.
The electronic material business is steadily moving forward, and the dynamic materials business is developing rapidly. The company's electronic materials business is a hundred million square metres, an increase of 452% from the same year, and its operating income is $454 million, a decrease of 2.51% from the same year.
The main products of the company’s functional membrane operations are aluminium plastics and ro support films, which were established in 2023.
Aluminium plastics products are starting to be sold at a successful three-quarter reporting point in 2023.
Importing some of the power cell customers, e.g., electronics, Nandu power supply; the ro support film forms a batch of quantitative sales; assessment: profit phase pressure with excellent longline resistance - 2. Foster (603806.sh) reported in mid-2023:
q2 vinyl profits have improved significantly, leading to excellent resistance to volatility The vinyl luminous enterprises, maintaining a “recommended” rating. 3-year, one-year review: profit phase stress, expansion & p
4. Forster (603806.sz) Tri-quarter report 2022
5. Forster (603806.sz) semi-annual report, 2022. Research findings, methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.