Increased sales of photovoltaic operations and higher profitability of electronic materials • Summary of performance: 23-year annual reports issued by companies and 22,590 million dollars earned by companies over 23 years, compared with the previous year
The market for photo-voltaic membrane grew at a high rate, with a strong leader. The company collected $20.480 billion in 23 years, an increase of 21.5 per cent in the same year; 2.250 billion flat in sales, an increase of 70.2 per cent in the same year; of this, 650 million flat in sales, a rise of around 4 per cent in the ring.
It expanded. 23 years of decline in upstream prices of eeva, poe particles, the average cost of a company ' s film was $9.1 per flat, a 28.6 per cent decline in the same year, with the company taking full advantage of the capabilities and advantages of supply chain management, and the cost of film unit materials falling by 28.6 per cent in the same year; on the other hand, the increase in the scale of sales brought about an increase in the scale of production, and the company ' s 23-year average.
The unit labour cost fell by 20.4 per cent, while the unit manufacturing cost fell by 16.6 per cent, while the downstream topcon battery component was higher, and the company ' s poe film was better supplied and more profitable than the eva film. Overall, the company ' s photovoltaic membrane Māori rate remained largely stable for 23 years, at 14.6 per cent, and the 23q4 ring was 3.2 pp higher for the year.
• The expansion of diaphragm clients has been successful, with prospects wide as industries such as i-calculation infrastructure, human robotics, etc. have emerged. For 23 years, companies collected $450 million, or -2.5 per cent, of their sales of about 120 million flat, which is basically the same, mainly affected by the decline in global consumer electronic demand and the slowdown in the pcb industry.
Imbrane products have continued to progress, and they have now reached the resolution requirements that can be used for the manufacture of ic-boards/classboards, and have been able to break through with well-known customers in such sectors as doppelganger control, precision in Dongshan, and world transport circuits. With the emergence of new industries like arithmetic infrastructure, human robots, and new energy car intelligence, the future will be a long way to go.
• Development of a photovoltaics partnership and the creation of a stock-holding platform, a company that has fully stimulated staff growth and increased team stability. The company has been working on a photovoltaic partnership for 23 years, when the annual photovoltaic material is available.
The average business-weighted net asset return of >6% will provide a percentage of the earmarked funds through cash, public shares, etc. The company established nine partnership-in-equity electronics companies during the reporting period, with robust long-term incentives to fully motivate its staff.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment proposals: the company is a photovoltaic film tap with a significant cost and profit advantage, with a projected net profit of 21.2 per cent for the next three years and a “buy-in” rating of 21.2 per cent.
3. Foster (603806): high backboard sales, membrane scenario 1: benefits from the growth of global photovoltage machines, companies acting as photovoltaic film taps, and sales increase with industry demand.
Long. 24-year sales of company photo-voltaic film increased by 20 per cent in 25-26 years, 24-26 years of photo-voltaic membrane hair, and 24-26 years of post-distribution demand increased and backboard sales increased. 24-26 years of sales of company backboards increased by 180 million flat, 200 million flat and 220 million flat, respectively; backboard prices stabilized at 8.5 yuan per flat, with a Māori rate of 9 per cent.
Assumption 3: The sales of diaphragms increased as customers expanded and consumed electronics recovered, with sales increasing by 50 per cent over 24 years on a year-on-year basis, with no direct or indirect compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.