Peace in China (601318.sh)
In the first three quarters of 2025, the company grew steadily, and its profitability was significantly restored. In the first three quarters of 2025, the company returned $116,264 million to its parent, an increase of 7.2 per cent from the previous quarter, increasing at a faster rate than in the previous quarter. From the same quarter, the market recovered, with a net return of $132,856 million from the previous three quarters, an increase of 11.5 per cent.
In the third quarter of the year, the company achieved business income of $33,286.4 million, an increase of 18.7 per cent over the previous quarter; the dollar was realized, a sharp increase of 81.5 per cent over the same quarter. The profit growth largely benefited from strong capital market performance and a significant increase in investment returns.
Life insurance nbv growth was strong, with a significant increase in value. The value of new corporate life and health insurance operations increased by 46.2% to $35.724 billion in the previous three quarters, faster than in the first half of the year.
At 0.3%, a steady recovery in business will provide a solid basis for future profit releases. In terms of channel performance, the effect of the reform has been demonstrated by a 29.9% increase in per capita nbv, a significant 170.9% increase in the same year in the silver insurance channel nbv, which has become the core driver of the growth of nbv, with an increase in the non-agent channel nbv to 35.1%.
In the first three quarters, the company ' s original premium revenue increased by 7.1 to 2,56247 million yuan over the same period. The combined cost rate was optimized by 0.8 percentage points to 97.0 per cent over the same period, leading to a steady increase in insured profits, a strong increase in operating profits of 8.3 per cent over the same period, which was affected by the typhoon in three quarters, and the company ' s prudence was raised.
The reserve has led to an increase in single-season coor, but overall profitability remains strong. Looking ahead, the location of the non-car risk “comparison” policy will be conducive to an optimal pattern of competition in the market and to the safety of leading companies that have an advantage in brands, services, and wind control.
China Peace (601318.sh) - Life insurance rate rises, core indicators increase robustly. Combined gains have improved significantly, and equity positions have been adjusted flexibly.
Peace in China (601318.sh) - Deepening the strategic layout, with a sharp increase in profits and profits, Peace in China (601318.sh) - Deepening the reform of channels, re-emphasizing the quality of the pipeline - taking advantage of market opportunities, companies have taken the initiative to increase equity allocation and increase net assets and investment returns.
On the asset side, announcements continue to increase investments in high-quality medium- and long-term assets, matching negative ones.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject