Increased P&A-led performance exceeded expectations, and Nbv expanded further, and China was safe (601318.sh) and it was safe for China to report on the 3rd quarter of 2025.
• Increased equity-led performance was higher than expected, with a further expansion of nbv +3.7% significantly expanded, largely benefiting from improvements in the management and financial risk divisions at the same rate. The first three quarters of return net profit was $132.9 billion, compared to +11.5%, and the third quarter saw a significant increase of 45.4% in the same season, with higher investment returns.
The growth-driven performance has expanded significantly over the same period. By split, insurance services performed 78.4 billion, or +0.4 per cent of the year, and investment services performed 95.6 billion, or +23.3 per cent of the year, benefiting from stock market increases and equity increases. (2) The difference between home-to-home profits and home-to-home net profits, mainly from short-term investment fluctuations + 26.1 billion and one-time major projects.
Other $9350 million, the latter being mainly affected by the inclusion of safe doctors and safe health technologies in consolidated statements, the sale of cars and car homes, and the revaluation of the company’s dollar issue and the conversion value of Hong Kong dollar bonds. After removing the impact of a major one-time project, the adjusted net profit to the company’s parent is equal to +27%. (3) plus.
At the end of the third quarter of the return, the net asset ring was returned to the mother + 6.0 per cent, compared with +9.4 per cent at the beginning of the year, mainly after net profit release, and further expansion at the same rate as the nbv, with a similar increase in the per capita capacity of the risk. Nbv reached $35.7 billion by the third quarter of 2025, compared to +46.2 per cent (comparable caliber), which is not comparable.
At a comparable calibre, improvements in nbv are mainly due to higher value rates, nbvmargin (marked caliber), 30.6 per cent, compared to +9.0 pct, projected interest rate fluctuations and product structure optimization, which together contribute to a new business value increase. The risk channel nbv is +23.3 per cent, and the agent ' s per capita new business value is +29.9 per cent.
The silver insurance channel nbv +170.9 per cent, community financial services and others contributed 35.1 per cent of the new business value of the life insurance policy.
(1) 253.4 billion yuan, or +3.0%, of safe birth insurance services in the first three quarters of 2025; and the overall increase in impact.
Car insurance. (2) In the third quarter of 2025, the investment portfolio of the Safe Insurance Fund realized the benefits of a non-annual combination of investments.
Increase the allocation of rights and interests and actively increase the deployment of high-quality alternative assets, while adapting to market trends, ensuring that long-term end performance meets expectations - China is safe in 2024