The premium strategy is expected to fully benefit from the recovery of the economy \triangleright net loss of $2.3 billion for non-mortality.
In 2024, the company received 4.5% of the total, split by 13% of the international rate.
The main reason for the sharp drop in international prices was the same ratio of earnings of 23 per cent to the same ratio of visitors to +8.1 pcts; domestic yellow cranes dropped by 1.5 pcts, and companies maintained a price preference in a year-round price-for-year industry context, with a higher level of price performance.
To balance the year’s oil prices have fallen year-on-year, the company’s unit fuel cost has been equal to 5.6%, the resulting profit is partially offset by the loss on exchange, with the company confirming the loss on exchange of $760 million year-on-year.
The company’s fleet has increased by 4.3% over the next three years, continuing its last year’s introduction plan. The company’s annual report is large, with an increase in the number of exits.
A 320ceo, b737-800 represent the older and higher number of older aircraft, the company ' s guidance a320 exits, we believe that it was the introduction of new aircraft, the replacement of stocks of new and old aircraft, and the lease of 737 aircraft is still around the capital due to the lack of new aircraft on board.
Improved financial costs and reduced exposure to exchange rates under an optimized asset-liability structure. Corporate assets liabilities \triangleright; a decrease of 2.7 pcts to 12.7 per cent in dollar terms in interest-bearing liabilities during the reporting period; and a narrowing of profitability vis-à-vis exchange rate fluctuations.
Public business needs are warmer, long intercontinental routes are more expensive to recover, looking at potential profit margins for oil price booms and demand recoverys. The price of 1q25 falls by 10% on a year-on-year basis, and if it is maintained at the current level, it can help to move profit hubs up.
Networking, looking at the macroeconomic recovery and the increase in corporate profitability from intercontinental re-routing. Investment proposal: Continue to look at opportunities for profit recovery in the industry that leads to profitable and flexible investment opportunities.
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, who have not been, or will not be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.