China National Airlines (60111.sh): Sustained loss and loss China National Airlines is a national airline with a major international presence in China.
Regular and irregular domestic air passenger, cargo, post and baggage transport operations; domestic and international official flight operations; aircraft maintenance losses slightly increased from $2.304 billion during the same period of 23 years, mainly due to exchange loss resulting in four-quarter financial charges
(a) Management of operations; maintenance of aircraft; inter-air carrier agents;
Tax exemptions; retail sales of goods on board aircraft; air accident insurance; significant price increases over 24 years, with the Māori rate for passenger operations almost flat for 23 years: 2024 companies achieve risk sales agents for passenger shipments; and import and export operations.
It can be seen that there has been a significant rise in prices over the course of 24 years, not only for the company itself, but also as a microcosm of the industry’s 24-year operation. The subregion has seen a 5.36% rise in the capacity of domestic airline companies, and a 7.04pt increase in the occupancy rate.
The rate of passenger kilometre earnings has fallen by 9.70% over the same period. The 24-year domestic route has largely recovered pre-epidemiological levels, with the total equity/transmittance share (in thousands) even higher than the pre-epidemic part of the month but higher than the price of oil during the same period in 19 years.
The level of recovery of public business needs within the circulation b/h unit (in thousands) remains inadequate. The international air traffic ratio rose by 100.50%, the passenger rate by 8.52 pct and the passenger kilometre earnings by 22.63%.
As a result of the rapid recovery period, there has been a significant increase in transport capacity, but the short-term influx of heavy capacity has also led to a sharp decline in passenger-kilometre revenues. On the cost side, corporate unit ask withheld 0.293 dollars in the first half of the year, compared to 0.298 dollars in the same period last year.
This decrease is due mainly to an increase in the daily utilization of aircraft from 8.14 hours in 23 years to 8.90 hours in 24 years, and a decrease of 11.7 per cent in the depreciation cost of unit ask.
At this point in time, the industry’s occupancy rate is not low, but the price is not good, and the industry’s 25-year focus is expected to be on how to stabilize prices and raise passenger receipts. The introduction of aircraft is cautious, and the supply side is expected to remain low: a total of 36 aircraft have been brought in by companies for 24 years.
The withdrawal of 11 aircraft (including official aircraft) resulted in a net increase of 25 aircraft and an increase in the number of corporate aircraft from 905 at the beginning of the period to 930. It can be seen that 24 years of aircraft growth has been maintained at a low level. In 25 years, the company plans to introduce 47 aircraft, withdraw 17 aircraft, and the net increase is expected to remain low.
With the full attention of the Civil Aviation Authority, at the 25-year National Conference on Civil Aviation, the Civil Aviation Authority raised the need for government and market relations to promote orderly regulation of the air market.
For regulation. We believe that this augurs well for a 25-year shift in the focus of the industry from a higher guest rate to a higher intake quality, and the problem of low airfares is expected to improve.
Flag Airlines, which holds a large number of high-quality domestic and international routes, is expected to benefit fully from the profitability elasticity of improved air fares. We maintain the company’s “recommended” rating.
The source of the financial boom in the East, China State Air (60111.sh): The loss continues to shrink, and attention is paid to the subsequent improvement in the fare prices, the source of the financial boom in the East.
Cao Fung, Bachelor of Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, Master of Financial Mathematics, 9 years of investment research experience, 2015-2018, at the Open Securities Development Researcher's own research perspective. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related. The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, China Air (60111.sh): The losses continue to shrink, and attention is paid to the subsequent improvement in the fare prices.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.