Half-yearly, the WCP reported a significant increase in the performance of mdi volumes, an increase of 95.82 per cent over the same period in the previous year, and an increase of $7.382 billion in operating profits, an increase of 273.06 per cent over the same period in the previous year;
Realising net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $4,861 million, an increase of 255.35 per cent over the same period in the previous year, and the company ' s performance was slightly higher than expected. The high growth in corporate performance during the reporting period was mainly due to the profitability of mdi.
High, combined with an increase in overseas, including Euro-American, heating sales, slightly adjusted in the second quarter, but the price of polymer mdi was $2.1-26 million per tonne as in the previous year. The price gap between mdi and pure benzene has also gradually widened, contributing to a significant increase in corporate profits.
Developments have also fuelled profit growth, with companies being the world’s largest producers with autonomous intellectual property rights over mdi manufacturing technologies, with more than a quarter of the world’s capacity and a strong voice. Companies are in the quality of their products as compared to their overseas competitors.
In the first six months, mdi prices have continued to be high, given the limited capacity of future mdi-wide new production, the steady growth of demand, and the expected balance of mdi’s future pattern.
The company’s strategic layout is clear, with smoke stations, Ningbo, Pearl Sea, etc., and the company recently announced the official launch of a project at the Pearl Sea Industrial Park, including 100,000 tons of hydro-surface resin and 40,000 tons of remodelling.
The s0790516002 sexmdi, the Pearl Sea project has improved the strategic layout of the company in South and South-East Asia.
Downstream functional products to extend and improve the company ' s industrial chain layout, with new material projects such as pmma, pc, tdi steadily advancing on the basis of guaranteed mdi and solid petrochemical production during the first half of the year.
The company is expected to become an international chemicals giant with a new performance growth point. It is expected that the company will produce the present report independently and objectively, with its own qualifications or considerable professional competence, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
(a) In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.