Chemical and chemical products, increased by $6,500 per ton in September in the distribution market for chemical and chemical products, and continued tension in the source of the goods: company provisional announcement of the listing price for polymer mdi, company based on current market conditions
It was decided that, with effect from 12 September 2017, the share of the distribution market in polymermdi would be adjusted to $35,000 per ton: the direct market in polymermdi and the net market in pure mdi would remain unchanged; the distribution market would be low, but the target would be clear. The adjustment would mainly affect the distribution market, i.e., the public.
The sales ratio is 17.77:1. The distribution market accounts for about 5% of total revenue. If the distribution income comes from mdi, the distribution income from mdi does not exceed 10% of mdi ' s income.
The elasticity of selling market price increases relative to company performance is not as great as the global adjustment. But, since distribution market prices are the most direct and transparent and indicative.
The total stock/flow (million shares) is higher than the global supply-and-demand imbalanced market structure.
The 12-month maximum/minimum (millimeter) source of inputs is not sold at a high level, which is a key reason for the tightening of the distribution market on this round. Behind this is the global imbalance between supply and demand, which is much smaller than demand.
In September, Wenhua Chemical (600309) was listed with two sets of installations affected by hurricanes in North America, while European and Japanese production was being tested.
Renovation, South Korea ' s Sankok Lake tri-well was affected by an accident with a raw material device. Supplyed in September -- 2017/08/3026000 non-P26000 with a low level of pure benzene mdi
Short-term volatility, with three quarters of the record of innovation. In the short term, prices are likely to rise or fall before the end of the season, largely in the face of high prices. Against this background, we estimate a three-quarter net “Men China Chemical” (600309) rating:
The profits will be higher than in any other quarter, and a single-season profit will create a new record. The first half of the year was up to expectations, attention was paid to the rise in the market price of the mdi distribution market by $6,500 per ton in September, and the source of the goods continued to be strained.
In September, the aggregate mdi distribution market price was raised by $6,500 per ton, and the source of the goods continues to be tense.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report