Chemical and chemical products September mark-up on mdi: high, short-term event: company ' s September mark-up announcement on mdi, China region ' s polymer mdi distribution market
The price of polymer mdi has reached an all-time high and is difficult in the short term. The company ' s mdi series is the most important product, and prices have been rising ever since August, reaching the highest level in the past decade (29,100 yuan per ton in September 2007), to the point where the company's mid-month interim prices have been met.
Then, as a result of the release of planned off-site sources in August, market tensions were eased, with a fall of about $1,000 per ton over three days and a fall of $28,000 per ton in the middle of the East China region. The September listing price was increased by $4,500 per ton over August, compared to the temporary toll.
The price has been reduced by only $500 per ton, exceeding the market price of the day, renewed confidence, the market under high prices is a tense reality, and the US hurricane has increased the tension. Whether it is listed or total market value/flow (millions)
Market prices, both high and high, reflect the current tense situation. The real additions this year have been virtually non-existent so far, the Middle East has not yet seen large-scale deliveries, and demand has grown well. According to Hensmann, Hensmendi sold in the first half of the year in North America.
"Wanhua Chemistry (600309) Review: 26000 non-P26,000, net benzene below mdi speed, will add about 350,000 tons of demand, which will still be needed last year.
The supply of more intensive stock capacity is supported by tight data on the source of the goods. And recently, the U.S. has reported that Hurricane Vi affected most of Texas 's petrochemical installations, and Kostov has announced that the region will be affected.
The performance of the first half of the year was in line with expectations, with attention paid to the 300,000 tons of mdi landings in the city of mdi, the unknown impact of the 350,000 mdi in the region, the origin of the field goods - 2017/08/01
In the last month of the last quarter of the third quarter, the market tone was evaluated: pure mdi followed the city.
In this context, we estimate that the net profits of the third quarter will exceed any other quarter, and we are expected to create a new "buy-in" rating. The supply-side support of mdi will continue to run at high prices in the near future.
September, mdi's mark-up: high, short-term.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report