In the first half of the year, the performance of chemical and chemical products was in line with expectations, and attention was paid to the market source of mdi The incident: the company recently released its mid-2017 report, generating 24.4 billion dollars in revenue, a year-on-year increase
The price of the main product, mdi, was higher than the Māori rate. The Māori rate of the main product, which had risen to 52% in the first half of the year, reached a combined Māori rate of 39%. The sales volume was 72% more than in the same year. The petrochemical sector produced 869 million tons in the first half of the year, earning $6.9 billion gross.
The increase since the large increase in the average start-up rate, and even if the price of mdi fell in the second half of the year, it is not expected to fall significantly in September and October, when prices are still high and the traditional season. New material business continues up and is maintained.
The material and the functional material are merged into a series of fine chemicals and new materials, and the sector has a total equity/flow (millions of shares) of 65% of the annual income for the last year. With pc coming into production, the income is expected to exceed that for the second half of the year.
The price of mdi is still high and the supply side is key. The price of mdi is still high.
So we're judging that prices in the second half of the year are still rising compared to last year, and we're driving next year's evaluation of the cards: the pessimistic expectation of the release of new capacity by pure mdi in favor of the city.
The average price for next year is not as good as this year's, but the average price is what?
Re? - 2017/05/21 Quarterly performance exceeded expectations and was expected to be sustained throughout the year
In the first half of the year, we're looking at the mdi market.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report