We're talking about a huge increase in performance, and a significant increase in mdi's volume.
The company published a 17-year-old semi-annual report, and in the first half of the year it achieved 24,430 million yuan in operating income, which is expected to increase the market performance of the company. Given the high price of mdi, the rise in petrochemical products and the high price of mdi, the continued high price of the company's installations, and the increased profitability of the petrochemical series: the company's performance continued to be significant in the first half of the year.
The main reasons for this growth were, on the one hand, the low price of oil in the first half of the year and the low price of the products requested by the owner of the company, on the other hand, the new performance growth of billions of yuan, or 86.14 per cent over the same period, brought about by the introduction of petrochemical projects; and, on the other hand, the most important factors were the prices of the company ' s main product, mdi, petrochemical products.
For example, the average price of 17H1 polymer mdi is close to $23401 per tonne (the main market price in the east of China is the same) and the average price of pure mdi is $27034 per tonne, an increase of 171% and 71%, respectively. The price of petrochemical products is subject to a rebound in crude oil prices, destocking and high environmental stress.
The influence of the herbs has also increased to varying degrees, with an average market price of $7182.36/tonne for acrylic in the first half of 17 years and an average price of $5228.78/tonne for mtbe in Shandong, an increase of 11.27 per cent in the same year, and an average price of $99794.12/tonne for brysotate in China, an increase of 61.21 per cent in the same year.
q3 performance is expected to continue with a significant increase: global total mdi capacity was about 7.35 million tons in 2016, company product mdi prices remained high, and aggregate mdi prices (the same in the East China region) were 25,000 yuan/53.13% higher. The company raised aggregate mdi prices at the end of July, with both direct sales and distribution upswings.
The company received large government grants to accelerate the integration of mdi, petrochemical resources and the development of downstream value chains.
In the second half of the year, most of the proceeds are expected to be recorded, with a significant increase in the company’s profits. Mdi and petrochemical products are the company’s two main pillars of industry, and the company consolidates its resources on this basis, building six major businesses and developing new performance growth points downstream.
The company also has a cumulative capacity of 210,000 tonnes/year monomer, 200,000 tonnes/year combined polyether.
In addition, the company expects to build 300,000 tons of tdi devices in the second half of 2018. As the company’s downstream products become operational, bringing new performance growth points for the public sector, there is considerable scope for the company to make a profit.
Pe is 10.47 times and 8.92 times. Given that the price of the main product mdi has been at a consistently high level, the price of petrochemicals (expected return; er) is given as follows: