Half-yearly, it's good to see the company's long-term development, with 10,000 watts of chemistry (60309).
The company sold 86.84 million tons of polyurethane products in the first half of the year, achieving a sales income of 13,379 million yuan, a significant increase of 109.79 per cent over the average price of $11,438 per ton in the same period last year, and the average price difference for polymdi-phenylamine in the Shandong region in the first half of the year was $147,144 per ton, a significant increase of 171.50 per cent over the same period last year.
During the first half of the year, the country’s single ton of Māori production enterprises amounted to $10423 and the company’s performance during the first half of the year grew significantly, mainly as a result of a significant increase in mdi prices and a significant increase in the price differential for mdi-phenylamine. The average start-up rate in the domestic industry was 64 per cent in the first half of the year, as a result of the shutdown and overhaul of domestic plants.
The growing demand in overseas markets, with 254,000 tons of domestic aggregate mdi exported in the first half of the year, an increase of 25 per cent compared to the previous half, with 76 per cent of corporate products. We believe that more than 80 per cent of mdi installations overseas were built prior to the 1990s, more than 50 per cent were built, even in the 1970s, and were faced with the deterioration of installations and the need for shutdowns.
But the demand side is growing by about 5-6%, corresponding to about 300,000 tonnes of production, equivalent to the construction of a new mdi plant every year, so we look forward to future export prospects for domestic mdi capacity.
\triangleright tons of acrylic acid and esters, 750,000 tons of mtbe, 240,000 tons of epoxy propane and 200,000 tons of polyethers.
86.14 per cent, mainly benefiting from the high rate of operation of petrochemical devices in the first half of the year and the increase in prices of various petrochemical products, of which $M/t, an increase of 27.65 per cent compared to the same period last year; and the average price of thdi, pc, an increase in the performance of special chemicals, functional materials, which is a new point of growth over the same period last year
The construction of the tonstdi project is well under way and is expected to be operational by mid-2018; the Sap project has been launched in 30,000 tons and is now fully operational, with an additional 30,000 tons of capacity in March 2018, and is now planned to reach 300,000 tons; and the surface materials industry ' s water resin project, with 50,000 tons and 100,000 tons of Pearl Sea installations, has been put into production.
Further improvements will be made in the future; projects such as company tpu, polyetherics, modified mdi, etc. are also well under way, and 18 projects in the company ' s six major departments will be fully in the harvest period, and we expect the company ' s new materials to grow at an average annual rate of over 30 per cent over the next three to five years.
1. HDW chemistry (600309): risk of a significant decrease in mdi prices at the August listing price; risk of a significant decrease in the price of petrochemical products.
Yang Lin, Bachelor of Chemical Engineering and Technology, Master ' s Degree, Certified Accountant, China University of Chemical Technology, former Director of Chemical Industries, PricewaterhouseCoopers ' Office of PricewaterhouseCoopers, State Securities, Taiping Ocean Securities Institute, first author of 2 papers published in the international prestigious Sci journal, joined the Chemical Corps of the Democratic Securities Institute, April 2017 Fan Jingsong, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials Science and Engineering, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineer, Central University of Technology, Lille, France
In April 2015, research in the basic chemical industry was carried out at the Shanghai Transport University. In May 2017, he joined the Human Resources Institute Chemical Team. More research was done in the following sectors: pvc, rubber and other bulk products and biodegradable plastics, carbon-deep processing, flame retardant, etc.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.