In August, mdi posted an upswing in line with market expectations, and the company announced on the evening of July 27, July, that from August 2017, the Vanhua Chemical Group Ltd. had been in China.
The regional polymer mdi distribution market was listed at $24,000 per ton (up by $1,000 per ton over the July price), the direct sales market The domestic polymer mdi price, after reaching its highest level of about 27,000 yuan per ton in February of this year, after renovating installations at home and abroad, began the downward route, reaching its lowest rate of about 20,000 per ton in the year in mid-May.
In June and July of the light season, we saw the price-control capacity of domestic polymers, which, by limiting their supply to intermediaries, returned to prices of about $26,000 per ton in mid-July, and the company went up for the month of August, at a price of $1,000 per ton, meeting market expectations.
In a routine review season, we judge that the domestic mdi market is still under stress, looking at three quarters, the unit compared to the trend of 300 depths, the strength of the domestic aggregate mdi price, according to the current mainstream market in East China, at around $24200-24500 per ton, and that's what we're talking about.
The previous industry had a profit margin of about 51% and a very high profit.
In the first half of 2017, domestic polymer mdi exports reached 254,000 tons, a 25 per cent increase over the previous year, of which the share of chemical exports was 76 per cent in Humhua; the share of pure mdi exports was 42,000 tons, a 19 per cent increase over the same year, and the share of 10,000 watts of chemical exports was 69 per cent. The rate of offshore installation start-up was over 95 per cent in 2016, taking into account that mdi installations took one month per year.
In some cases, the mdi devices are actually overloaded. Moreover, more than 80 per cent of the foreign mdi devices were built before the 1990s, more than 50 per cent of them were even built in the 1970s, and the corresponding problems are related to the ageing of the installations and the need to suspend them, but there has been a 5-6 per cent increase at the end of the demand.
About 300,000 tons of production is equivalent to the construction of a new mdi plant each year, but the construction cycle of the new plant will take three to four years, so we look forward to future export prospects for domestic mdi capacity. The risk of a sharp fall in mdi prices; and the risk of a sharp fall in the price of petrochemical products.
Yang Lin, Bachelor of Chemical Engineering and Technology, Master ' s Degree, Certified Accountant, China University of Chemical Technology, former Director of Chemical Industries, PricewaterhouseCoopers ' Office of PricewaterhouseCoopers, State Securities, Taiping Ocean Securities Institute, first author of 2 papers published in the international prestigious Sci journal, joined the Chemical Corps of the Democratic Securities Institute, April 2017 Fan Jingsong, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials Science and Engineering, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineer, Central University of Technology, Lille, France
In April 2015, research in the basic chemical industry was carried out at the Shanghai Transport University. In May 2017, he joined the Human Resources Institute Chemical Team. More research was done in the following sectors: pvc, rubber and other bulk products and biodegradable plastics, carbon-deep processing, flame retardant, etc.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.