China Chemical (600309) China Industrial Park I project launched for long-term development, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company announced the official launch of a project for the near-Japanese Pearl Sea Industrial Park. The project for the Pearl Sea Industrial Park included 100,000 tons of hydrogenic surface material resin and 40,000 tons of modified mdi. The Wanhua Joohua Industrial Park is located in the National Economic Technology Development Area of High-Zonghai City, Guangdong Province, accounting for about 340,000 square metres of land.
● Description of water surface material resin products: Aquatic surface material resin products are raw materials in the coatings, glues, hydrates, tanning, etc., mainly in fabric coatings, leather coatings, wood plastic coatings, metal coatings, building interior and outer wall coatings and glues, used to replace traditional solvent-type surface materials, tools, etc.
With high environmental performance, consistent with developments in such sectors as paint, glue and synthetic tangent, the market has great potential, with the South China region accounting for 20-30% of the national market. The first stage of production mainly meets the needs of the South China region.
ester polyols or other polyols) reacts by introducing amino-methylate structures in mdi products, converting mdi into pre-polymer or semi-pre-polymer for end-ocyanate. Modified mdi is widely applied in the areas of automobiles, furniture and elastomers.
The launch of the Pearl Sea project is of great importance. The successful completion of the Wanhuahua Sea Industrial Park is of strategic importance to the company: first, it will be built with the production of mdi, acrylic acid and esters, mainly from the Mandarin Gardens project, which will be followed by downstream deep processing, which will effectively extend the industrial chain of the Vanhua products. Second, it will improve the southern part of the city.
The strategic layout, with the installation, enables companies to effectively cover areas such as the Pearl Triangle, South-East Asia, to be closer to their clients and to respond quickly to their needs, to provide comprehensive and competitive solutions for new materials products and polyurethane application systems for customers in the region, and to create product service premium.
• Reviewing corporate development strategies, the Joohai Project is the cornerstone of the development goals for 2025. The company's vision for development is “to create a world that is respected, proud of its workers, and a new international company of first-class chemicals.” The company's development goals are downstream derivative manufacturers. In 2025, it became a global market leader for polyurethane; the global paint industry.
Major raw material suppliers. In 2030, it became a leader in the global polyurethane industry; and succeeded in nurturing two industries with a global competitive advantage. The Pearl Sea Industrial Park Project is the cornerstone of the company's development goals for 2025.
Ryo will maintain a composite growth rate of 39.83 per cent, which is expected to start in 2019, taking into account that the company's current dynamic valuation level is only 11 times the city's surplus, the risk of security accidents, and the expansion of travelling customers under the Pearlhai Phase I project, which is lower than expected.
As a result of the launch of the Pearl Sea Industrial Park I project, increased production capacity of modified mdi and water coating resins, and because the modified mdi reacts on mdi products, we do not modify the previous projections of sales of polyurethane series products, which are expected to be 1.4 million tons, 1.4 million tons and 1.65 million tons for 2017-2019.
In 2017-2019, except for 50,000 tons of water coatings from Ningbo base and the full production of resins, the volume of water-based material resin from the Pearl Sea base is estimated to be 30,000 tons, 60,000 tons, 90,000 tons. In 2017-2019, the company's petrochemical series is expected to be sold 1.5 million tons, 1.52 million tons, 1.54 million tons:
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-operational income of the company for 2017-2019 as follows:
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.