Chemical chemicals 26000 non-P26000 with a high price difference for pure benzene below mdi start parking repairs, expected for about 12 days; during this period, 250,000 tonnes of butol devices were installed.
It will be synchronized: another 40,000 tons of new equinol will be stopped on August 15, 2017, expected to be about 40 days. The stoppage is realistic, and supports the current high price of mdi.
The company's parking will help keep prices high. From the renovation plan, it is expected that the vehicle will be reopened by the end of this month, when it will be facing a strong demand season, and that the start of downstream stocking will be expected for the entire three quarters.
The market price was already over 26,000 yuan per ton, which was a very small distance from the previous period, and the cost of raw materials in this round was more liberal, resulting in a higher amount of gold in the amount of 26,000 non-P26,000.In the second half of the year, the starting point was higher than in the first half of the year, with a monthly average price of 7790 yuan per month of pure benzene.
Highest/minimum tons for 12 months, average 6109 yuan/tons in July, increased profit space, and the price difference is innovative. In the short and medium term, it appears that the demand for pure benzene downstream is severely pressurized and the price is not available for the first half of the year due to environmental clean-up.
In Manchuria (600309), we report a high trend that will benefit from low-priced raw materials in the second half of the year. The performance of the first half of the year was in line with expectations and focused on the city of mdi.
Valuation and rating. By October, we'll be able to determine that the current high prices are likely to be maintained, that the current high prices are expected to be maintained, that they are expected to be higher in three quarters, and that they will be higher in the future.
Card price rating: Pure mdi follows the city, and if the timing of the arrival of the additional source and the extent of its impact on the price is not proven or false, the low-performance valuation remains attractive. On the basis of prudence, we are.
The only institution in the current market that looks down on next year's performance, but even so, what do we think the current situation is?
Rei? - 2017/05/21 26000 non-P26,000 with a high price difference between mdi below the low level of pure benzene. Chart 1: Price comparison of polymer mdi in the first and second half of the year.
Figure 2: Price comparison of pure benzene for the second half of the year (median price for East China Market, yuan/ton)
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report