The company recently announced that, starting in September 2017, the Chinese area had been congregated by the All China Chemical Group, Inc.
In August, the domestic aggregate mdi market was in a tight supply situation, and the smoke station began operating on August 8th with 600,000 tons.
In late August, the supply of 180,000 tons of mdi devices in the Hungarian Vanva (Bossou, bc) was subjected to force majeure, while the fire in the North Korean Bassov and the South Korean Jinshu 3 wells supplier, as well as foreign devices such as the repair and repair of 200,000 tons of mdi devices in the Japanese Cao Cao, were triggered by news of recent internal gatherings.
The price of the summdi has been on the rise, with the current value of the Mandarin pm200 source in Shandong region at $30,000-30500 per ton, reaching historical highs over the years. Based on the current price of net benzene of $6450 per ton in East China, the cost of production of the domestic polymer mdi is close to $12200-12500 per ton, with a profit margin of close to 60 per cent, and the company has a total of about 60 per cent.
1.8 million tons of mdi capacity and great elastic performance.
Coth created a polyurethane production facility in Texas, United States, which was affected by Hurricane Harvey, and the company announced that a number of products such as mdi, tdi, hdi, ipti and its corresponding derivatives were supplied with force majeure in the North American market, that Coth had 300,000 tons of mdi devices there, and that a short-term supply of mdi would be strained in the North American market.
According to crowd petrochemical information, the Koths-Brensbilitmdi device in Germany stopped for five weeks on 1 September and is expected to reboot in early October; the Japanese device East Cao Namyang will begin repairs on 10 September and is expected to end on 20 October: an additional 200,000 tons is expected to cease production between early September and mid-October.
Renovation: In September, the combined 900,000 tons of mdi overseas will face a shutdown or overhaul, and the global supply of mdi will be strained, and we expect that the price of mdi will continue to rise in September. The risk of a sharp fall in mdi prices: the risk of a sharp fall in price for petrochemical products.
Yang Lin, Bachelor of Chemical Engineering and Technology, Master ' s Degree, Certified Accountant, China University of Chemical Technology, former Director of Chemical Industries, PricewaterhouseCoopers ' Office of PricewaterhouseCoopers, State Securities, Taiping, First Author, 2 papers published in the international prestigious Sci journal, and joined the Chemical Corps of the Institute of Civic Securities in April 2017.
For the chlor-alkali, pure-alkali, rubber, titanium powder, detergent polyester, new materials, composting fertilizer, populism, etc. sub-industry studies have been detailed and successful in recommending Qi Fengda, Jacques Science and Technology, Min Juju, Trilles, Twin Arrows, Norpshin, Singley Union, and Chinese authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,