In September, there was a sharp increase in the listed prices of the polymer mdi distribution, and the demand to assist in the implementation of the boom was sustained: the company announced an upward adjustment of the listed prices of the polymer mdi distribution to $35,000 per tonne from September 12, followed by a bid of $28,500 per ton in September for the polymer mdi distribution market, with an increase of $6,500.
High-than-expected price increases and high-season demand support: last week's company announced a delay in the November renovation schedule to secure market supply, this time a sharp increase in the combined mdi distribution listing in September (6500 yuan/tonne price increases are expected) and the market supply level continues to be tight; industry convergence continues to take place.
The mdi-dong market price rose significantly from $30,750/t to $35,750/t last week, with low industrial stock levels and a shortage of market supplies. The mdi market supply is clearly shrunk, and the market will be followed by the peak season of October in September and October.
The stable pattern of competition in mdi, with supply and demand maintaining a reasonable level over the long term: demand-side, global year 2016, 200 000 tonnes in Koth (planned to start in 18 years), and the release capacity of new devices requires a process; furthermore, the frequency of malfunctions in foreign mdi devices leads to increased supply-side uncertainty: 1) old devices
Time 2: 2) The long supply chain of mdi is prone to supply instability due to raw material problems, such as the shutdown of Chongqingbasf in March of this year due to the supply of raw materials. We therefore judge that future mdi industries will maintain a balance between supply and demand, even if the product price is returned to a level of equilibrium, and that the Quantities are used as a chemical.
The mdi industry taps, whose mdi can also make a better profit. The Pyrotechnic Parks project is profitable in terms of raising space: 750,000 tons of pdh (propane dehydrate acrylate), 240,000 tons of epoxypropane, 300,000 tons of acrylic acid, 360,000 tons of acrylic ester, 750,000 tons of esters
The benefits of functional materials, special chemical business plates have been increasing: the company ' s diversification has led to the creation of surface materials, new materials (tpu, etc.), special meds, adi, polyether, modified mdi, six major industries, opening up future growth space; and the company ' s 300,000 tons of tdi is expected to start production next year, contributing to new levels of performance.
The company's petrochemical projects, functional materials, and special chemical units continue to increase its growth potential, taking into account the company's scarcity as a market.
We maintain a “strongly recommended” rating for the well-known low-performance white horse attributes.