Cultural construction has helped the young flower up and the business has continued to look up; Investment rating: Increase (maintain) Recently, the company launched its Walking Wine 2020 campaign; September 9th, the 30th Renaissance is on the market
The event took place in the Great Wall of the mercantile in Beijing; on September 10, the 30th Renaissance Marketing Summit was held. A new strategic orientation was established for “China's wine spirits, live spirits.”
Since the 2017 reforms, companies have set up a two-head, middle-end, green and bouncing branding development strategy, each of which achieved about 3 billion sales in 2019; the company proposed in 2020.
Three-by-three, built around a strategy to upgrade the wine up to its core product. A series of recent activities have been organized around a comparison of company prices with the trend of 300 at depths.
With the introduction of regulations for group purchasing and performance promotion, a special assessment and incentive was introduced. The goal of 20% income growth for the year remained unchanged. 1h20 grew by more than 30% for the same company and 10% for the same company.
In Panama, the same increase of about 20 per cent and a reduction of about 20 per cent in the number of whites (short-term disappearance of the company ' s target of 20 per cent growth in income for the whole year, which is expected to continue to increase by 30 per cent (longer than long, with a significant improvement in the number of whites compared to 1 h) and a significant reduction in the number of whites throughout the year (needs to benefit from the feast are expected to narrow in the second half of the year)
compensatory consumption is occurring every year. The share of out-of-town occupation is increasing, and the pan-nationalization is on the way. 1h20, the provincial market is generating $3.13 billion, compared to the regional quality, 1357 is continuing to ferment: the camp is stable; the three main plates are being stripped in the west of the mountain.
Planning has grown considerably from 10 municipalities; 5 small blocks have increased their outreach, with more than 50% growth in the Jiangsu market; and 7 opportunity markets have accelerated their deployment in the context of the epidemic, with rapid growth below the low base.
Shanxi wine first covered: the country changed for three years, looking at the green bottle of wine, the end of the channel, the continued fission of the strategy, the prospect of a sustainable release of the mixed dividend, regional and extra-provincial expansion, the dynamic nationalization, the company's still in its long-term core, its high performance, its medium- and long-term value, and its vinyl.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not had, do not have had, do not have had, and will not have received any form of direct or indirect recommendations or views in the present report.