Two seasons of good performance, a smooth season of transition, a clear path to corporate growth, a fast pace of growth, and a “buy-in” rating.
The company released a report in the first half of 2020, which reported operating income of $6.90 billion, an increase of 7.8 per cent, attributable to the parent company, a net profit of $1.60 billion, an increase of 33.1 per cent, of which q2 earned $2.76 billion, an increase of 18.4 per cent, and a net profit of $380 million attributable to the parent company, an increase of 16.1 per cent.
The process is continuing, with high-end flowering, high-capacity, continued nationalization, continued growth at a faster pace, and the maintenance of a high-price-leveraging effect, as reflected in the q2 growth rate of the Saffron series, and a positive slowdown in the growth rate of the botanium, which in 2020h1 achieved an increase of 6.23 billion dollars, compared with 11 per cent, of which q2 took the initiative to control the botanium.
The delivery of goods slowed down a quarter; the Saffron series increased the incentive and speed of the channel return as a result of price hikes. In 2020q2, the company received $1.10 billion, an increase of 7 per cent compared to the previous year, and 1.62 billion in the off-provincial market, an increase of 29 per cent compared to the previous quarter, with a significant increase, a faster rate of out-of-country return and a sustained expansion of nationalization.
● There was a significant increase in advance receipts at the end of the second quarter, and cash flows in the second quarter alone were excellent at $1 billion, a 100 per cent increase over the same period. A portion of the repayments were not confirmed in the second quarter to form advance receipts, and the company received $2.14 billion at the end of the second quarter, an increase of $530 million over the end of the first quarter.
• The small increase in the Maori rate, the large increase in tax rates, the stable rate of the period, the slight increase in the net interest rate, the rate of 71.0 per cent achieved by the 2020q2 company and the slight increase in the Maori rate due to a significant improvement in the product structure in the second quarter as a result of an increase in the cost of raw materials, workers' wages, etc. The business tax ratio increased by 6.3 to 24.2 per cent, mainly in the second quarter.
The above factors together contribute to a slight increase in net interest rates of 0.3 pcc recovery, a rise in the Saffron series of prices, and are expected to maintain a rise in profit rates in the second half of the year.