The growth in performance was in line with expectations, and the nationalization was steadily moving forward — Shanxi wine (60809) was reported in mid-2020, and events: Shanxi wine was published in mid-2020, with the company generating $6.90 billion in the first half of the year.
+7.80%; net profit attributable to parent company is $1.605 billion, i.e. +33.05% of the year. Of this total, the number of green flowers continued to increase in the second quarter alone, with the nationalized layout steadily moving forward.
By sub-product, $6.267 billion, or +11.23 per cent, was collected, of which $271 million, or +35.22 per cent, was collected.
The number of dealers increased by 190 to 2,679 over the same period, mainly from dealers outside the province of Liquor and from the youth distributors of bamboo leaf; direct distribution channels generated $564 million, or +2.35 per cent, by means of separate channels; and agency channels generated $5,998 million, or +594 per cent;
The electric power source has achieved $273 million, compared to 167.29 per cent, and the electric power source has accounted for +2.38 pct to Oyang Woo Sword.
Taxes and surcharges ranged from 2.67 pct to 13.63 per cent, mainly as a result of a decrease in consumer taxes; sales costs increased steadily from Xiaodong Guo's + 3.58 pct ratio. In addition, the advance receipts at the end of the second quarter amounted to 2,144 million yuan, compared to the same amount.
The recovery of the consumer scene and the proximity of the mid-autumn season with a high level of year-round performance, the feedback from a recent 20-package of young flowers at $340-350, 30-package of young flowers at $600-620, the overall stock is relatively benign. Looking back at the first half of the year, the impact of the epidemic has been positive, and the firm has remained stable.
In the second half of the year, in view of the gradual recovery of the consumption scene and the approaching mid-autumn season, there is a high-quality growth trend in Beijing's west-city area, 28 Sin Rixi Street, which is expected to continue with high-quality performance throughout the year.
Central China International Center, 15th floor, "Standing up" of the company.
We're looking forward to the continued rise in the market for Xiaohua and the Sichuan Free Trade Experiment in Chengdu.
To become a national monolith, maintaining an “enhanced” rating.
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) uses it. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report and has no direct business agreement with the company.
The reader is not a client of this company, and the company has no responsibility for propriety. Before this report is publicly disclosed or agreed to by this company, it is classified material from this company, and if it is received by a non-client of this company, please return and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.