Shanxi wine (60809.sh)
In the first half of the year, $6.27 billion was earned, compared to 11.23%, the company maintained its strategy of “catching both sides and carrying the middle” of the product, and the line of sunflowers remained fast.
Growth, at 30 per cent +, with the Bolshoi benefiting from increased household drinking during the epidemic, a steady rise in income, at 10 per cent + ; and the Takebasin “Healthy National Wine”, where incomes increased by more than 30 per cent over the same period, driving alcohol production income to increase by 35.2 per cent to 270 million over the same period, which is expected to be another growth point in corporate income in the future.
Now two-wheel drive; about 300 million dollars in revenue from a series of liquors, a 38% drop in the same year, is due to a new crown epidemic, with consumption falling to a lower demand. Cash flows have also improved significantly, with net operating activity at the end of 2q falling by 6% as a result of lower advertising fees and so on.
The sale of liquor in the Department's commodities decreased and consumption taxes were lower (1q tax plus 6.55 per cent), but 2q recovered to normal levels in previous years and taxes and surcharges were restored to normal levels (2q 24.24 per cent). National channels expanded further, with out-of-town incomes exceeding the province.
There has been a slight drop in the extra-provincial income of $3.7 billion, an increase of 17 per cent over the same period, an increase of 54 per cent in the out-provincial income ratio, a 28.7 per cent increase over the out-of-provincial income of $1.62 billion, an increase of 59.5 per cent in the out-of-provincial income ratio, and an acceleration in the extra-provincial access route.
In addition, there was a significant increase in electricity suppliers, with revenues rising by 167 to 270 million in the first half of the year. Thanks to the expansion of national channels, the distributors were active, and the contract at the end of 2q.
This report is written by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. The report cannot be copied or re-issued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the data used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently validated.
The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and its subsidiaries and associated companies may use or use this report prior to receipt of the report or on the basis of information or research recommended by the House. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report. The information and comments on the report may or will change before notification. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report.
The certificate described in the report @special opinion or standing, or the person who buys it, sells or offers the certificate described in the report.