Shanxi wine (60809), food beverages, sunflowers are returning to high growth, and the extra-provincial market continues to function.
• Summary of performance: the company released its mid-2020 report, which generated $6.9 billion in revenue in the first half of the year, +82 per cent in comparison, and $1.6 billion in net profit for mothers, +34.9 per cent in comparison with +34.9 per cent in comparison; of this amount, q2 received $2.76 billion in the single quarter, +19 per cent in comparison, +380 million in net profit for mothers, +21.6 per cent in comparison with +21.6 per cent in excess of market expectations.
Qinghua has returned to high growth, and the extra-provincial market continues to thrive. The overall revenue of the 20h1 Quai series is $6.27 billion, same as +11.2 per cent, and the product strategy of the “Intermediate” series has been very effective, with a series of high-strikes and epidemics still achieving more than 30 per cent growth and a recovery of high growth in the second quarter (q1-digit growth); and Boone.
In the case of controlled goods, double-digit growth has been achieved, at around 30%; in the case of Panama, it is about 20% of the series, with a decline in the old haze; and it is worth noting that bamboo-basin has achieved its income of 270 million yuan, compared to 35%, and is starting to focus on the layout, which is expected to be the next big single item. From a regional perspective, $3.13 billion has been generated in the first half of the year.
Intra-provincial markets continued to sink through the same channels, the epidemic slowed down the same time, the epidemic reached 53.7 per cent, the current off-provincial market continued to function, the south of the Yangtze market experienced high growth rates, the full cost rate fell and net interest rates rose significantly.
71.7 per cent, mainly as a result of the structural upgrading of products, while Panama and the Bounty Series maintained a rapid increase in size and significant scale effects. The cost rate fell by 1.2 percentage points to 26.1 per cent, with sales rates falling by 1.5 percentage points to 20.1 per cent, mainly due to the slower pace of spending by companies under the epidemic; and management costs.
The company’s net interest rate increased by 3.6 per cent to 23.4 per cent in the first half of the year, as a result of a combination of increased Maori rates and lower cost rates, and continued to increase profitability.
The strategy has been very effective, and the current Saffron series is still relatively small and will continue to grow at a high rate in the future, taking into account the price increases in the second quarter, the second half of the year, the strong branding and product strength of the bogus, the significant profit margins of the channel, and the contour of the nation's large monoliths.
Market layouts, provincial markets and provincial markets continue to strengthen the sinking and end-control channels to ensure benign development; out-of-town markets focus on breakthroughs and further downswing marketing structures; and this year, in close cooperation with Hua-yun, the process of nationalization is expected to accelerate, with the Chinese-yun channel working together, and the wine recovery is now in due time.
1. Shanxi wine (600809). The middle effect of both sides of the belt is remarkable, with a smooth outreach outside the province (2020-04-29) 2. Shanxi wine (600809).
Maintain a "buy-in" rating of 61 times, 51 times and 43 times. Three-step goal.
As a result, it is clear that the off-provincial market has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for its failure to do so, nor for its specific recommendations or views in this report. South-West Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.