The q2 performance of the Centre for Consumer Upgrading and Recreational Studies was higher than expected, the q2 performance was better than expected, the product structure was upgraded + the cost improvement was optimized. 20q2 income
27.6 billion yuan, or +18.44 per cent of the year, with an increase of 533 million yuan in advance payments (contractual liabilities), taking into account the 20-year growth trend of the epidemic, and the continued strength of medium- and high-end products.
With a reduction of 0.75 pct, sales costs equal to 1.50 pcts, administrative costs equal to 1.03 pcts, turnover tax and surcharges equal to 3.25 ptts, there has been an increase in cost control levels under the epidemic. The pace of national chemical layout has accelerated, and the south of the Yangtze market has broken its priorities.
3. "The country has changed its strength, Qingixiang has risen and the wine has been revived with income of $3.32/3704 million, the share of intra- and extra-provincial market revenues has increased, and the performance of the long triangle and the pearl triangle core market has increased significantly.
190 distributors (mainly in the out-of-town market and in the youth) and 10 municipalities outside the province with sales of $50 million, set up a regional marketing organization structure for “31 provinces + 10 districts directly under management”, with a faster pace of nationalization of the Qing Shanlong heads.
The year 2020 was the year of the concept and layout of the 14th Five-Year Development Plan, with a 15-20% growth in the company's planned harvest. “A return to sunflower demand and accelerated expansion outside Su+ province.” The company is expected to achieve faster performance in the second half of the year.
The 20-year state-of-the-art reforms are expected to continue, with product focus on a series of flowers, and regional breakthroughs south of the Yangtze River. Considering the over-expected performance of the first half of the year and the company’s positive outlook for the future, we raise the profit margin.
Liu Xingxing Risk of uncertainty in the epidemic: macroeconomic downside: increased competition in the industry: out-of-town expansion has fallen short of expectations. An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that:
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment