“By-carbon” transition continues to progress, with performance exceeding expectations.
The market value of the share in circulation a (millions of yuan) showed a significant increase in the production of power-generating equipment, with the company achieving a relative depth of 300 in the first half of 2021.
Wind generators, 151.59 kilowatts, an increase of 69.13 per cent, power station boilers, 1,126 million kilowatts, an increase of 84.85 per cent, and power station turbines, 9.37.4 million kilowatts, an increase of 127.39 per cent, respectively. The industrial transformation has continued and the collection structure has been more rational: cleanness was high in total operating income during the reporting period
With a more rational structure, a green low-carbon transition is beginning to bear fruit. The company is actively developing renewable energy equipment and moving into the fuel cell track in response to the changing demand for clean energy in our double-carbon context. The new energy plate is expected to become a key driver of growth in corporate performance in the future.
The plan outline proposes the construction of a modern energy system, the acceleration of the construction of pumping power plants and new storage systems, and the introduction of new and emerging industries into long-term technology-scale applications in a quarter.
As a high-quality regulatory power source, it has a prominent role and advantage in promoting new energy consumption. _aaa_East Electric (600875) quarterly report reports that we are currently operating a pumping plant with a capacity of 31,79 million kilowatts (kW) and a capacity of 54,63 million.
(600875) Annual Report Review _aaa_ share of wind power revival 47.2% annual market share of pumped water energy, current relative stability of market share three times higher, and modern manufacturing services more profitable.
Together with Beijing’s Great Hing, the hydrogen-energy track is expected to rise to a turning point: the company began fuel research and development in 2011 and cumulatively applied 135 patents in 2011-17 in the fuel cell field, with power combustion.
In January 2021, the company successfully delivered the first highland hydrogen cell motor in the country.
In June of this year, Beijing Daeing signed a hydrogen contract with Eastern Electric.
A partnership agreement will lead to the construction of a Beijing headquarters, a Meme electrodes research and development centre, and a manufacturing base in Beijing. Beijing is now the first city to demonstrate hydrogen energy, and the company’s fuel cell-related operations are expected to catch up with demand and growth.
The development prospects of new energy sources and new and emerging sectors of the company’s industry are maintained by maintaining the company’s “buy-in” rating. Risk factors are: the demand for clean energy installed is not as high as expected; and the hydrogen energy plate is not as warm as expected.