Expansion, drop-down speed, pattern of care, steady growth.
The price of light-voltage glass has been reduced rapidly in the second quarter, but the average overall price for the first half of the year is still significantly higher than last year. The company set fire to 1000t/d in Vietnam in December 2020, February, May, Viet Nam 1000t/d+1200t/d, Phoenix 1200t/d, and 600t/d in four new kilns.
1. The q1 performance continues to grow at a high rate, with full expansion of the production of stable dragons. The stove has been cut off in May of this year and is currently producing about 9,200t/d, an estimated 28% increase in effective production in the first half of the year compared to the same period last year.
In addition, new capacity has resulted in a fuller supply capacity of large-scale/double-bond products. 3. Annual performance forecast is over-expected, with 2021 output plus capacity.
The rapid rise in sales premiums and overprofits in the category of products driven companies to perform better than markets in the first half of the year and as we had previously expected.
a Stock-financed upscaling, aid companies consolidating their strengths, and efficiency gains: June 17, company released a 2021 equity transfer plan, with a total planned fund-raising of no more than $4 billion for 5.
2*1200t/d Photovoltaic glass extension project, 15 million square-metre light glass improvement project and distributed photovoltaic power station construction. Companies are the few photovoltaic glass companies in the industry with experience in manufacturing at or above the 1,000-ton level of daily melting, and with leading technological accumulation and financing channels, firms accelerate the expansion to consolidate the advantages of scale, while at the same time providing access to them.
q4 light-voltage glass prices are expected to rebound and natural gas supply will further reduce production costs: the current glass prices have moved into the marginal energy cash cost zone, largely at the base of the annual price, with a clear indication that they are in the lower part of the year.
In addition, the Ministry’s direct gas pipeline at An Qing Fengyang has been planned and is expected to provide companies with more stable, reliable and cheap fuel resources in the future, further reducing their production costs.
(8621) 61357595 We're small, based on the first half of glass price performance and our current judgment of future price trends.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment