A firm increase in the share of production, combined costs, increased by 61 per cent, and a net return of $1.26 billion to the mother, an increase of 174 per cent over the same period; of this, q2 achieved an operating income of $1.97 billion for the single quarter, an increase of 52 per cent over the same period and a net return of $423 million to the mother, an increase of 72 per cent over the same period.
The accelerated increase in the share of thin and large-sized glass, the price and cost pressure of q2 light-voltled glass: 37.4 per cent in the 1st quarter of public q2 and the continued upward pressure on the cost of light-voltage glass in the 2nd quarter.
This control capacity, coupled with a rapid increase in the share of high-priced products, such as thin glass and large sizes, has partly eased corporate profit pressure. The component’s start-up ratio has increased, and the demand side of the light glass has been better: the price of light glass has remained constant in the recent past.
1. " Expansion, drop-down speed, pattern of care, steady growth - steady, with a continuous increase in the start-up rate of components in August, is expected to boost the demand for light-voltaic glass. " 2. Q1 performance is expected to continue with high growth, with a robust expansion of production. "
q4 domestic loading and the arrival of the overseas season, the component implementation price hub is expected to move upwards, or lead the glass price to rebound in q4. High expansion expectations, with raw material prices likely to rise or fall, will support a small increase in the average light glass price next year.
3. High Performance Growth, Growth Reprogramming-Freight Division cost advantages are expected to be magnified: this year, driven by price increases for bulk commodities and the need for photovoltaic glass expansion, 4. Annual performance forecast is over-expected, with 2021 output plus capacity
Prices of raw materials such as pure alkaline, quartz and sand have risen to varying degrees, and next year they will exceed 2000t/d light-voltaic Bolivia, and the pressure on the supply side of the new production capacity will be added to the “double carbon”, and future upstream raw materials will be expected to be price-prone and expected to support a small increase in the average light glass price from the current level of 2 to 3 yuan per year.
5. Predictable and profitable increases in light-voltage glass. Given the company ' s advantages in the purchase of raw materials (own alluvial and natural gas) and the scale effect, as well as the reduced cost of retrofitting old equipment and process upgrading, we expect future cost advantages for companies.
On a day when the Implementation Scheme for the Power Exchange in the Cement Glass Industry is officially in place, photovoltaic pressure-stamping glass expansion is not influenced by replacement policy, it will be approved or tightened under the “Crowd hearing system” and the “Expert Risk Early Warning Mechanism”. According to the announcement, companies are expected to support an expansion target of more than 13,000 t/d.
Over the next three years, sales have increased by more than 50 per cent annually, thus continuing to consolidate the advantage of the tap size.Wuwentien, based on our latest judgement on the price of light glass over the next two years, adjusted the company’s net profit forecast for 21-23 years.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment