The leading profitability highlights the continued and significant expansion of productive capacity — the semi-annual report of Fretel (601865.sh) 2021 — the company issued a semi-annual report of $4.028 billion in gross operating income of 2021-1, an increase of 61.4 per cent over the previous year, resulting in a net return to the mother.
One hundred and sixty-six million yuan (US$ 1,261 million), an increase of 173.66 per cent over the same period, of which q2 gross operating income was $1,971 million, a decrease of 49.49 per cent over the same period.
The price of photovoltaic glass as a whole remained largely high at the end of last year, under the double pressure of a large amount of floating glass pouring into the market for light glass and a continuous increase in the price of silicon, the price of light glass fell rapidly since April, slowed down in May and remained at historically low prices in June, with the current average market price of glass at 3.2 mm at $13.5 per market.
Pair, average cost of 2 mm per round, 56 per cent lower since the beginning of the year; film plating, average price of 3.2 mm per round, price squeezed deep processing profit, but the integration pole was able to maintain a high cost control capacity in the leading industries.
4.2 The photovoltaic glass is the main business, accounting for 82.5 per cent of the total revenue. The high price of q2 silicon material, which is passed down to the downstream industrial chain, has resulted in lower overall start-up rates for component plants, lower demand for glass, an increase in the stock level of manufacturers, and an average of 401,000 tons of q2 national inventory, representing a 398 per cent increase compared with 81,000 tons at the beginning of the year.
The company is the second largest producer of light glass across the globe, accounting for about 25% of the city. By the end of the reporting period, the company’s raw light glass product was produced.
9,800t/d, at 9,200t/d, with a total of 3 kilns in Viet Nam on fire with 2021h1, an announcement was issued on 30 March planning for the construction of 6 additional 1,200t/d original kilns, 2 200t/d kilns in q3, q4 continued production in the second half of the year and production capacity is expected to reach 12,200t/d, respectively at the end of 2021 and 2022.
1 FLET (601865.sh) 2020 Report, which foresees a structural shortage of photovoltaic glass over the next two years, can be evaluated by companies with 2022 planned production capacity: new high-yielding capacity expansion of photovoltaic glass, plus code
The supply of a wide-scale glass kiln capacity of more than 65% of total production capacity fully meets market demand.
II. FLATE QUARTERS: A CLIMATE SCALE EFFECTS IN PERFORMANCE WITH OBJECTIVE PRODUCTION AND SUPPLEMENTATION: 1) The long-term construction cycle of the photovoltaic glass seed line, initial investment capable of expanding the status of the headline 2020-10-28
Higher levels of capital, resulting in slower expansion of capacity. 2) long cycle of photovoltaic glass certification, long-term stability of customer relationships. 3. In-depth study by Ford: photovoltaic glass dragon determination. 3) strong continuity in glass production, high technical barriers, and the accumulation of deep experience by head producers, in
The main clients downstream of the glazing glass are Lungi shares, Crystal Energy, the Han China Group, the East Sunrise, etc., which secures a steady flow of production capacity.
Investment strategy: The glazing industry is now at the bottom, with components starting up with lower prices for crystalline silicon products, recovery of double-face penetration and expected gradual increases in the future, a rise in the price of light glass, and a drop in the industry. Foret, as a leading business in the field of light glass, has a steady second-higher market position, leading the industry.
High-quality production capacity expands and improves long-term competitiveness. We expect the company's business earnings from 2021 to 2023. Prices of other branches of the industrial chain fluctuated for four years. Foreign companies in the United States energy sector worked for three years and participated in nuclear power, fire power, oil and gas, and new energy projects.
There is a wealth of experience in the areas of cost analysis of projects, industrial policy studies, etc., where he was employed as a member of the Eung Xing Securities Agency in 2019, and where he joined the Port of Shin securities in 2019. Neither has he been associated with, nor will he be directly or indirectly related to, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.