Material! Fullet's performance rating - accelerated expansion of production and excellent levels of profitability. Events: Corporate performance announcement for the second half of 2021 and corporate business income achieved during the reporting period.
The company has established and maintained long-term and stable partnerships with local and international companies that know the name of the photovoltaic component. Based on good value for money, large-scale photovoltaic-assembly firms have shifted from heavy dependence on imports to domestic purchases.
And good partnerships have been established with companies, such as Lungi shares, Crystal Energy, the Han China Group, the East Sunrise. Moreover, with increased competition in the market, the light glass industry can only effectively reduce operating costs and counter market volatility.
This is reflected in the high threshold of investment in the photovoltaic glass production line, which can lead to higher product completion rates and output efficiency and effective reduction of unit manufacturing costs; and the availability of a large stock/flow (millions of shares) of large-scale procurements in a position to do so.
• Greater bargaining power for upstream suppliers; scalding production ensures corporate inputs in overall market value/flow (millions of yuan) and environmental protection, automation, etc., contributing to increased automation of production processes and increased productivity;
High 12 months/minimum ($) Ford (601865).
The rapid increase in the price of raw materials such as commodities, multi-crystal silicon and international shipping in the first half of 2021 contributed to the increase in the price of photovoltaic components and to the market demand for photovoltaic power terminals.
-20/20/08/05 Decline; meanwhile, the prices of photovoltaic glass have been substantially reduced since March 2021, following releases in the fourth quarter of 2020 and the first half of 2021 in the light glass sector.
The second quarter of the year. But the adjustment in the price of photovoltaic glass has contributed to a rapid increase in the demand for large-sized, thin-spoiled glass from downstream photovoltaic components. So, by optimizing the structure of the product, our company has further promoted the marketing of large-scale, thin-sprayed glass products.
On balance, the average price of photovoltaic glass in the first half of 2021 is still higher than 2020, with further expansion and increased market access. As the vanguard of the light glass industry, the company is steadily moving into the extension project.
The equity convertable corporate bond collection project and the non-publicly released a-share collection project, including four photovoltaic glass production lines with a melting capacity of 1,200 tons per day, with a melting capacity of 1,200 tons per day in the first quarter of 2021, which was set on fire and put into operation in the first quarter of 2021.
Two light glass production lines with a melting capacity of 1,200 tons per day were set on fire in the second quarter of 2021, and two light glass production lines with a melting capacity of 1,200 tons per day are expected to continue in the third and fourth quarters of 2021.
Fulvert (601865) – the expansion of capacity, the high level of profitability, and the first quarter of the year, which was well lit and fully operational. As the production lines were put into operation, it was expected that companies would make investment proposals: the light glass industry was better organized, the demand was strong downstream, and the company could expand its capacity.
The increase in the penetration rates of Zhang and the double-bond is expected to lead to further releases and growth.
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.