The glass is expected to reach a turning point in the second half of the year, and the price will rise.
Production has expanded significantly, and performance has continued at a high rate: at the beginning of the year, the company has added three new production lines, one 1,000t/d in Central Vietnam and two 1,200t/d in Angkor. Two more will be added this year.
In addition, profits have increased as a result of the company’s higher bipolar and large-scale ratio, with the company’s current bipolar ratio.
The prices are close to marginal costs, and the industry is on the verge of profit: based on pvinfolink data, the current rate is about 25%.
3.2 mm glass price is 22-23 yuan per square metre, and 2.0 mm price is 18-19 yuan per square metre. We calculate that, based on 3.2 mm glass, the industry marginal cost should be 21-22 yuan per square metre, the current price is flat and the second-line manufacturer is close to a profit/loss balance.
Already near the bottom, prices are expected to pick up in the second half of the year, and the overall level of profitability in the industry is expected to run out. Distribution of remortgage capacity continues to expand, with distributed power stations generating efficiency gains: this year, the company proposes to issue $4 billion in remortization, of which $1.945 billion will be used to build two 1200t/d kilns, and $197 million will be used.
In addition, 658 million dollars were spent on building four distributions of 203.65 cents of fabric power stations, which were self-serviced and were expected to generate more than 188 million kilowatt-hours per year after the project was completed, reducing the cost of photovoltaic glass production and increasing it further by reducing the cost of electricity.
But the industry is close to the bottom, and the company has further boosted its market share through this fall in prices, consolidating the dominant risk factors: less than expected risks in light voltage, downside risks in product prices, less productive than expected, protectionist risks in trade, and less than expected risks in the diffusion of the two-bob components.
Hao-jin-ichi.