Maintenance of high performance and sustained release of productive capacity Fullet (601865) semi-annual performance forecast for 2021 12 July 2021
Event: FLET issued a semi-annual performance advance announcement for 2021, which is expected to achieve a high growth in the year 2021 and a high performance of 2021h1. The company expects to achieve a net return profit in the second quarter of 2021
Liu Hengwen, the price of the annual photovoltage industry chain has increased overall, downstream demand has slowed down, glazing production has gradually been released, and changing supply and demand has led to a decline in the price of photovoltage glass, 3.2 mm at the end of March 2021.
The average price of photovoltaic glass was reduced from $40 per square metre to $28 per square metre, and as at 7 July, the average price remained at $23 per square metre, but the overall price of photovoltaic glass in the first half of 2021 was still higher than in the same period last year. As the price of the photovoltaic industry chain began to fall, downstream demand will rise gradually, and is expected to rise later this year.
Half-yearly photovoltaic glass prices will also be stable, not even excluding the possibility of a phased increase at the end of the year, and companies are expected to maintain high growth throughout the year, driven by a quantum lift. The roof-distributed photovoltaic pilot will accelerate the application of the two-bolith component.
A circular was sent to the entire county (municipality, district) on a pilot project for the development of a photovoltaic roof, which is to be organized throughout the country. As of 10 July, 23 provinces and municipalities had issued a document on the promotion of a pilot project for the whole district.
During the year, the construction of distributed photovoltaics on party bodies, school hospitals, industrial and industrial buildings and civilian roofs will increase significantly, and the penetration of the two-bond components is expected to accelerate, triggering demand for photovoltaic glass. According to cpia, the market for the two-bond components was 29.7% in 2020, and is expected to be two-bond components by 2025.
The market share will rise to 60%. As a result of the rapid penetration of the two-bond components, future light glass demand will continue to grow rapidly, further enhancing corporate performance.
In 2020, the company announced the expansion of 750,000 tons of photovoltaic sheet glass, and on March 29th of the year, it announced the extension of six 1200 tons of solar melting glass. The company produced 750,000 tons of light per year.
A light glass line with a melting capacity of 1,200 tons per day was set on fire in 2021 q1 and three light glass lines with a melting capacity of 1,200 tons per day are expected to continue production in 2021, with a 42 million-square-square backboard glass project to be completed in 2022.
Five light glass kilns built in the state and city, with a melting capacity of 1,200 tons, are expected to start production in 2022. With the company’s successive projects coming into operation, the capacity of light glass production will continue to increase, adapting to the boom in the entire photovoltaic industry, and the difference between the size and the thin glass of the downstream customers.
The rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have either a qualification or a considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been able to do so independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.