In-depth studies of electronics companies, technology depth reports, top-end high-speed product releases, top-end, top-of-the-art, top-shelf, top-shelf, top-of-the-art, top-shelf, top-shelf, top-heavy, top-of-the-art, top-heavy, top-heavy, top-heavy, top-heavy, top-heavy, top-of-the-art, top-heavy, top-heavy, top-heavy, top-of-the-heavy,
Zhang Shijie Lee, a core manufacturer in the copperboard industry, is making a profit. The company is a core company in the global coating industry, 40 years of deep-farming, downstream coatings.
Top customers in areas such as appliances, communications, auto electronics, and consumer electronics. According to the Prismark data, total sales of hard-cover copper have remained the second-largest in the world since 13 years. There has been an outbreak of demand for the benefit of traditional markets warming +a1 and a 24-year high-speed rebound in company performance.
The industry has experienced a structural increase in the downstream by the ai, with a change in the upstream price of copper. The production of circuit boards has diversified the landscape of downstream applications, accompanied by a continuous rise in demand for the ai, accelerated investment in global computing infrastructure, and a significant increase in server and data centre applications is expected to become the fastest downstream market, with a complex increase of about 12% in May 24-29 years. As a core material for the aromatic plate, the cost of the aromatic plates is subject to copper prices.
The price of lme copper has risen since 20 years to about US$ 9000-100000/tonne. As a key material made at pbc, the concentration of industry is high, cr 5 is over 55%, well above the downstream pcb manufacturer, which transmits the conduct cost downstream, including through price increases.
It's still going on with high-level expansion, with capex guidings over the year, and Amazon is expected to make a breakthrough of hundreds of billions of dollars. Arithmetic demand has broken out to boost the delivery of the one server, and the 800g switch is expected to rise to a structural one-way outbreak, adding the one-way server's claims to the high transmission rate, triggering high-frequency ccl demand, and driving the single-voltage increase in value.
The company’s extremlow-loss, ultralow-loss product breakthroughs are actively matching new product delivery and project certification by pcb manufacturers and end-users, both in and out of the country, leading to a surge in internal capital replacements.
The industry has experienced a structural increase in the ai downstream, a change in the price of copper upstream, an increase in the volume of copper in the arithmetic system, and a break-out of the company's high-speed accelerator.
The company was established in 1985 and placed on the market in 1998 as the first company to be listed in the domestic copper sheet industry, and is a core supplier of global electronic circuit-based materials for R & D, production, marketing, and service as one. According to Prismark, the company ' s total sales of hard-coated copper sheets have remained the second largest in the world since 2013.
From 600,000 square metres per year of production at the start of construction to 120 million square metres in 2023.
The company's equity structure is fragmented, with no controlling shareholders and real owners. As of the 2024 report, the company's first shareholder was the Guangzhou New Holdings Group Limited in Guangdong Province, with a 24.38 per cent share, which is owned by the Guangdong People's Government 90 per cent and the Guangdong Finance Department 10 per cent; the second largest shareholder was the Toyo City State Hiro Investment Company Ltd., with a 13.26 per cent share.
The TCI Group holds 100% of the shares and is part of the State Finance Committee of the City of East China; the third largest shareholder is Weihua Electronics Ltd., with 12.14% of the shares; the fourth largest shareholder is Hong Kong Central Clearing Company Ltd., with 9.86% of the shares.The company's 24-year-old performance rebounded as a result of the warming of traditional downstream markets +ai demand.
Impact, performance pressure, 24 years of highly optimized corporate production and sales structure, and high-speed rebound. Corporate business income over 24 years has been rapidly realized, mainly due to: a combination of downstream consumption of traditional electronics such as smartphones, home appliances, wearing devices, etc., as a result of complementary policy incentives in beneficiary countries, increased sales and a rebound in the landscape; and a surge in demand for a server, communication and related areas, driving demand for high-speed materials and high-end products.
1.3 Businesses: Strong rebounds in revenue collection, trend upwards The core products of the company include coatings and stickers, as well as the printing of circuit boards. The company’s main business includes design, production and sale covers, copper and stickers, and printing of circuit boards, as well as the integrated use of waste resources. The coatings and stickers are the size of the company’s sales.
The size of the printed circuit board operation has also been increasing in recent years.
The company’s 24-year Māori rate of 22.04 per cent, an increase of 2.80 ptt over the same year, a significant increase in Māori rates, mainly due to the higher share of high-end products and high-speed materials, an improvement in product structure, and a significant increase in Māori rates, despite disruptions from fluctuations in raw material prices.
The company’s sales, management, R & D, and financial fees have been raised, enabling a continuous shift to higher-end categories.
A structural increase in the downstream of the industry, a change in the upstream price of copper, an increase in the volume of the arithmetic system, and a breakout of the company's high-speed coating of copper, industry profile 2.1: the coating is the core raw material for the printing of circuit boards.
The main raw material for the production of circuit boards is a rigid and scratching class. The coating, the cooppercladlaminate, is the immersion of electronic fabrics or other enhanced materials into resins, single or double overlays in copper, with plate-forming materials made from the overheat pressure process to achieve electrical connection of electronic components, insulation of different lines, and parts of electronic components.
This is the core raw material for printing circuit boards. The caps can be divided by mechanical rigidity into rigidccl and flexibleccl, which have a certain degree of hardness and resilience for communications services, computers, consumer electronics, automobile electronics, etc.; and the capricious caps are curved and flexible and apply to the consumption of the demand for electronic soft links.
2.1 Industry profile: The coating board is a printed core raw material for circuit boards. The process of production of the coating board consists of gels, coatings, high-temperature presses, etc. The process of production of the coating consists mainly of steps such as gels, coatings, tailoring, layouts, combinations, pressure & lysing, tailoring and testing. 1) modifiers: blending of epoxy resins with solvents, sequesters, etc. into glues;
2) glue, drying, tailoring: evenly coating the gelatin on the fibre sheet of the glass, drying it at high temperatures to form a semi-solidized fragment; 3) combination, high-temperature pressure, tailoring: folding the semi-solidated sheet with copper, interlacing it into stainless steel plates, forming the stacked material with heat pressure, solidified resins and closely associated with the bronze sheet, retortizing, cleaning and surface oxidation treatment.
The semi-stabilized pieces of glue, drying, and tailoring are stickers. 2.2 Up and down of the industrial chain: demand-side structural increases due to arithmetic and cost-side effects from copper price fluctuations Chart 13: Up and down of the copper-board industrial chain
2.2 Up and down the industry chain: demand-side structural growth from arithmetic and cost-side exposure to copper price fluctuations The top-end copper plate is directly downstream for printing circuit boards, and the global industry ' s 23-28 year compound increase is expected to be 5.4 per cent, the core raw material for printing circuit boards is the first-largest cost of printing circuit boards, accounting for around 30 per cent.
The field of radiation can penetrate communications, computers, consumer electronics, auto electrons, industry, and emerging scenes. The industry is affected by the epidemic for 23 years, with low downstream demand in traditional areas, 24 years of demand from emerging markets, such as the ai-calculation, and needs to reheating, leading to a fragmented recovery in the structure of the industry. According to the Prismark data, the global pcb is expected to reach $90.5 billion in 28 years.
Annual compound growth rate of 5.4 per cent is expected to reach $47.1 billion in size in China, with an annual compound growth rate of 4.5 per cent.
2.2 Up and down the industry chain: demand-side arithmetic structural growth, cost-side exposure to copper price fluctuations  communications, consumer electronics, server/data centre as the main application area, server/data centre demand outbreak. Based on prismmark data, downstream applications account for 19% by size, pc for 14%, other consumer electronics for 13%, clothing
Operators and data centres account for 12 per cent of the total and communications 14 per cent of the total. There is a significant differentiation of downstream demand across applications, with rising demand, accelerated investment in global computing infrastructure and a projected significant increase in server and data centre applications up and down the industry chain to 24-29: demand is subject to a structural increase in computing power and costs are affected by copper price fluctuations.
The cost of the coatings is the core material of the copper sheet. The cost of raw materials is the highest in the cost of the coatings, which are the three main core components of the cost, 42.1%, 26.1%, and 19.1%, respectively. The cost of the coatings as core raw materials of the sheet is affected by the price fluctuations of copper. The price of lme copper has been significant since 20 years.
Upgraded, stimulated by new energy transformations and capital expansion in emerging markets, copper demand surges, driving copper prices up from around $4,300 per ton in 20 years to about $9,000 per ton in early 25s. Copper coatings are a key material made at pbc, where manufacturers pass down downstream costs by raising prices, among other things.
Figure 19: Changes in the price of lme copper
The copper sheet industry has a high concentration, with its share exceeding 55%. The copper board industry has a high concentration, with the global market dominated by top-level firms such as build-up boards, profit technology, platform light, South Asian plastics, and pine. According to prismmark data, the share of slabs is about 10-15%, the share of profit technology is about 10-15%, the share of optical electrons is about 10-15%, the share of plastics in South Asia is about 5-10%, and the share of pyrotechnics is about 5-10%.
Cr5 has a market share of more than 55%. The pattern of printing circuit boards downstream of the copper sheet is fragmented, with a share of about 7% in high technology, about 5% in e-commerce, about 5% in Eastern Hills, about 3% in flags, about 3% in tttm, less than 30% in cr5 markets and less than 40% in cr10, according to Prismark data.
Figure 20: Share of the world's leading copper-plate producers in 2023 Core manufacturers in the copper-plate industry, continuously optimized profitability Downstream industry with a structural increase in the ai, and upstream exposure to copper price fluctuations
The Arithmetic System has increased the value of the copper plate, and the company has achieved a breakout of the high-speed copper plate at the 3.1 end of the demand: the ai infrastructure is very high, the volume of the copper plate is very high, the overseas cloud company capex is expanding, and the logic of the arithmetic arms race remains unchanged. According to the four largest cloud producers in North America, natural year 2025.
Capital spending has continued to expand at an overall high rate in the past quarter, with i infrastructure investment still at its core. Microsoft continued to be driven by the expected growth of the azure cloud operation, with fy25q3 capital spending of $16.7 billion, or 53 per cent more than in the previous period; Amazonaws infrastructure expansion needs continued with fy25q1 capital expenditure of $24.3 billion, or 74 per cent more than in the same period; Googlefy25q1 capital expenditure increased by $17.2 billion, or 43 per cent; Meta
Overall, the logic of the numeracy arms race continues in overseas cloud producers and the need to drive numeracy infrastructure increases. Figure 22: Four cloud producers, single quarter capex (in billions of dollars)
3.1 At the end of the demand: a high profile in the infrastructure of the one, a very high price of copper, an over-expected foreign cloud factory capex guide, and an expected breakthrough of hundreds of billions of dollars in the Amazon. The Amazon continued its aggressive investment strategy, with capital openings moving up to $100 billion in 2025, leading cloud producers, with an increase of more than 20 per cent over the same period, mainly in the case of the Yiai and the aws clouds.
The annual capital expenditure plan remained unchanged at $75 billion, with a 43 per cent increase in the same year, supermarket forecast of 27 per cent, capital expenditure focused on server-based computing infrastructure, with servers accounting for 60 per cent or more, and moving the big gemini model training and search advertising algorithms to optimize; meta substantially upgraded; this expenditure was directed to $640-72 billion, which was directed to $60-65 billion, with a median increase of 80 per cent; Microsoft capital spending for 25 years was exceeded by 80 per cent.
The forecast is over $80 billion. Overall, four cloud producers are expected to make a breakthrough of $320 billion in 25 years, or about 50 per cent more than in the previous year.
3.1 Demand-side: a high profile of the one infrastructure, a high volume of copper sheets, and an outbreak of arithmetic demand to boost the delivery of the one server. A acceleration in the construction of the global computing infrastructure has significantly boosted the overall delivery of the server market, with a global output of about 136.5 million servers in 2024, an increase of about 14 per cent compared to the previous year, moving out of the server market.
Low condensation, the server market clearly warmed up, with 24q4 global servers delivering 3.96 million, about 25% more than the previous year. The demand of the one server became a core driver, with 2 million surges projected by 2026, combined growth rates of 26% per year in 22-26 years, with cloud computing, margin computing and greening combined with technological overlaps and policy support.
The growth in the number of megadata centres is expected to release further market potential as a result of the construction of colour data centres that generate high-density server requirements.
Server upgrades result in high-frequency high-speed ccl requirements and drive a single-voltage increase in value. Compared to the general server, the demand for high-frequency (HF) signal transmissions by the one server is highlighted by the marked increase in the number of pcb layers used by the one server, while the ccl material displays a significant increase in high-frequency high-speed performance points, as evidenced by the overall reduction in the utility loss factor, the medium constant.
For the megtron-4 type, the lowloss level, the i server layer is about 20-30 floors, the generic coating fr4, the lowloss level is no longer adequate for high data transmission rates and requires lower-depletion material, commonly used for the megtron-7 level, the ultra lowloss level.
3.1 At the end of the demand: a high level of infrastructure for the ai, with a high price of 800g switchboard, which is expected to open up to a structural outlet. National production replacement, based on idc data, was close to 900 million in 2024, and the high-speed exchange market was driven by an outbreak of arithmetic demand and the upgrading of network architecture by large model training.
According to dell'oroggroup data, the market for the 800g switchboard in 23 years is at an early stage, with about 15,000 shipments accompanying the distribution of large domestic and international plants, and it is expected that by 25 years the 800g switch will exceed the 400g port, with a combined ratio of 400g + 800g expected to reach 3/4.
At the end of the 3.1 demand: a high-intensity build-up of the ai base, a high-priced > 800g switch match with a higher transmission rate, triggering an elapse to M8. The exchange market has been upgraded from 400g to 800g, and the switchboard has been upgraded from 400g to 800g.
The requirements for loss of materials are higher, prompting high-speed coatings to overlap in the direction of higher and lower losses. In order to match higher transmission rates, the number of 800g switchboard floors has increased significantly, from 20-26 floors to over 30 floors, compared to the 400g switch. The m6/m7 material for the 400g switch is no longer capable of meeting the 800g cut-off standard, requiring a m8 level of material.
It is expected that the number of floors in the switchboard market will increase further to 1.6 t, with the use of m9 materials. 3.2 Supply end: There is a wide room for inside capital replacement, the company ' s high-speed copper overflow > with the emergence of new materials, new applications, changing market patterns for high-speed copper overboards, and large-scale insider substitution.
The global market for copper is dominated by top-level firms such as slab-building, profit-making technology, desktop light, South Asian plastics, and pine-downs. In the area of disaggregation, the high-speed cap market, which has long been dominated by overseas manufacturers, is characterized by changing industry patterns with the emergence of new technologies and applications.
The high-speed coating industrial chain is shifted to Taiwan. Figure 31: High-speed overcooking market pattern 3.2 supply end: there is wide room for inside capital replacement, and the company ' s high-speed overcrowding has accelerated the breakout.
>The company ' s high-speed copper overlay product matrix is gradually complete, with an internal capital overflow in the high-speed copper board market. The company relies on 40 years of technological deposition in the copper overflow industry, the high-speed copper overlay product matrix is gradually complete, the output of extremlow-loss, ultralow-loss has burst, the core parameters such as electricity consumption in the medium are excellent, and product applications are mainly directed at ari numeracy and Internet operators and are actively collaborating with pcb
New product delivery and project certification by manufacturers and end-users, both in and out of the country, and implementation of inside capital replacement surges. 3.2 Substitution end: The built-in replacement space is wide, the company ' s high-speed high-speed copper capping > ptfe is expected to become a new material for high-speed copper capping, and the company has a layout for polyfluoroethylene ptfe materials.
The polybenzene (ppo) is a commonly used material for 112 gbps transmission scenes, where the epoxy resins used by the universal server are significantly superior to the epoxy constants. The next generation of 800g switches/gb300 requires high transmission speeds and low losses. The fluoroethylene ptfe material is currently the lowest in the industry, and the modulus is only 2.1, and the material system is expected to concentrate to four.
Fluorine atptfe upgrades. 3.2 Supply end: There is wide room for inside capital replacement, and the company ' s high-speed copper ceiling accelerates > the orderly expansion of the company ' s productive capacity to match the high downstream demand.
Figure 35: The company's base capacity, core producers in the copper plate industry, constantly optimizing profitability, the industry is experiencing structural growth in the downstream by the ai, and the upstream by copper price fluctuations
4. Profit forecast and investment proposal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
▪ Downstream demand less than expected risk;
Pacific Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “We Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is eligible for certification for investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CMSC).
The present report is issued only to the signatory clients of the service agreement with the Pacific securities, and if you are not the signatory customer of the Pacific securities, please cancel the receipt, subscription or use of any information contained in the report; Pacific securities will not result in any investment recommendation to any institution or individual to the recipient; investors will be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment; and any form of share securities will be collected.
The content and opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or an inquiry into the sale or sale of the securities in question. My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
The Division issues and trades securities and may also offer or seek to provide investment banking services to these companies.