The world's leading copper-boarder, high-end products are growing faster.
The company is a core supplier of global electronics-based materials that combines R & D, production, marketing, and services, mainly for the production of singles, double-faced circuit boards and high-level multi-layered circuit boards. The company benefits from downstream pcb production transfer to mainland China, and corporate performance.
Sustained robust growth, with a combined rate of 11.89 per cent and 11.71 per cent, respectively, of net profits from 2005 to 2024, with total sales of corporate rigid coins leaping to the second largest global market in 2023.
The cost of the coatings is about 30% of the cost of pcb raw materials. Prismark expects the global compound rate of production of pcb to increase by 5.40% between 2024 and 2028. Of this, the server/storage area is expected to increase by 13.6%. The traditional server upgrades to the pcb layer are more demanding, pulling the coatings.
The material upgrade will also lead to an increase in the price of the coatings.
With an increase in the penetration rate of the one-server, it further boosts the need for the coronation plate. The increase in the penetration rate of motor motor intelligence drives the need for the coronation plate. New-energy vehicles have about four to five times the use of their vehicle pcb. The need for pcb is or will be sustained by the continued penetration of the car ' s electricization.
Releases, and the use of coatings are expected to increase simultaneously. Among these, the new energy car electric system has large currents and high voltage features, which require high tg, thick copper panels; the smart network and autopilot systems use hdi, high-speed cover copper panels; and the safety system uses high-frequency high-speed materials.
High-end products are expected to make a breakthrough. China’s mainland copper-plating companies have achieved a high market share globally, but in the high-end copper-plate sector, Chinese businesses in Taiwan and Japan still dominate.
The company has the only national engineering and technology research centre in the industry, and high-end product indicators show better performance.
Ai-building offers an opportunity for companies to break through high-end products. Investment advice: companies are ranked second in the total global sales of rigid copper plates, with a stable market share of around 14%. Benefiting from the release of downstream capital demand and the penetration of new energy vehicles, intelligence.
Catalog I. The global electronics core provider, with robust growth in performance, is the global electronics core supplier.
The company's products are mainly used in the production of singles, double-faced circuit boards and high multi-layered circuit boards, which are widely applied to high-calculation, ai servers, 5g antennas, new-generation telecommunications bases, computers, servers, aerospace industries, chips, wrappings, automobiles and electronics, smart homes, engineering and medical equipment, home appliances, consumer terminals and a variety of medium- and high-end electronic products, and are acquired.
After more than three decades of development, the production of corporate copper sheeting grew from 600,000 square metres per year at the start of the plant to 120 million square metres in 2023. According to Prismark, the total sales of corporate hard-core sheeting continued to be the second largest in the world from 2013 to the present.
The downstream applications are concentrated in pcb, thanks to a steady increase in global pcb production and a steady increase in global pcb production to mainland China, and in corporate collections as a whole. The raw materials upstream of the copper plate include copper beaks, electronic-grade fabrics, resins, etc., and copper price fluctuations influence the maori rate of the copper plate; the growth of the company’s productive capacity, production and slope rhythm will also have an impact on the Maori rate.
From 2005 to 2024, the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate averaged RMB 20,388 million annually. Of this amount, 14.791 billion yuan, or 72.55 per cent, was earned on the coatings and glues; printing, and the company ' s equity structure was fragmented. The company ' s equity structure has been fragmented since it was listed, with no controlling shareholders and actual controllers.
As at 31 December 2024, Guangdong Province Guangnex Holding Group Ltd. was the first major shareholder with a 24.38 per cent share; Dongjung City State Hiro Investment Ltd. was the second largest shareholder with a 13.28 per cent share.
ii.ai-driven electronic circuit cores undergo technological leaps and leaps; (i) coatings are pcb core raw materials; coatings (ccl) are immersed in resin glue with electronic fabrics or other enhanced materials through drying, cropping, folding and synthesizing.
Material, a plate made of copper or a double-faced surface with heat pressure, used mainly for the production of printed circuit boards (pcb), with a pcb conductor, insulation, support of three main functions, with a significant impact on the speed of transmission of signals in circuits, energy loss and resistance to properties, and a continuous reduction in the years and 2023, with a global sales volume of 657 million square metres in 2023, a 1.1 per cent decrease in sales;
127.34 billion United States dollars, or 16.3 per cent less than in the same year, a slight decline in the demand for the copper sheet, but higher price pressures have led to a decline in sales and a large variety of copper sheet products. By mechanical rigidity, the coating sheet is divided into rigid and scratchy sheeting.
More than two reinforced materials (generally paper, fabric or glass) and a rigid coating made of resin by pressurized pressure. Bronze coatings are made of scratchable reinforced material (film) with electrolytic copper beams or volatilized copper beams, which have the advantage of bending to facilitate the assembly of electrical components. In rigid coatings, rigid coatings can be divided into fibrous fabric-based sheets depending on the variety of enhanced materials and resins.
f-4, paper-based copper sheets (xpc, fr-1, fr-2), composite panels (cem-1, cem-2), etc. Of which, f-4 is currently the most widely used product. Global sales of rigid copper sheets decreased by 16.3 per cent to $12.734 billion in 2023. Of these, general fr-4, high tgfr-4, non-halogenated fr-4, composite ccl, paper-based ccl and special and exclusive ccl sales fell, respectively.
17.4%, 21.2%, 20.1%, 25.3%, 28.6%, and 7.9% The performance indicator assessment system for the coatings can be broadly divided into four categories, including physical performance, chemical performance, electrical performance, environmental performance, etc. The performance requirements for the coatings vary from area to area.
Precision equipment, such as mobile phones, computers; low-media power loss and high-frequency signal transmission capability in the area of communications to meet the 5g base station and high-speed data transmission requirements; electronic car emphasis on seismic, high-temperature and reliability for autopilot sensors and vehicle vehicle control systems; medical equipment to ensure accuracy of instruments, such as electrocardiogram machines, with high signal accuracy and resistance. In addition, high-frequency high-speed coatings (e.g., fr-4, etc.)
Polyamide (polyamyl) is the core of high performance scenarios such as servers, ai chips due to low-media constants and high heat resistance. The entire production process of the copper sheet consists mainly of six main steps, namely, gels, upper glues, tailoring, layouts, pressurization, tailoring and testing, which can be divided into three stages, the first of which is glue; the second stage is glue, drying, filming; and the third stage is stacking,
The production technology difficulty is mainly in the selection and formulation comparison of upstream raw materials, the formulation technology is the main technology of the copper-plating enterprise, the formulation development complex, the need for theoretical support and experience-building, and generally takes about two to five years of development cycle.
Hydrification temperature, low x, y-axis thermal inflation coefficients, excellent electrical performance and high rigidity, requiring precision epoxy, low-mediated electrical resin, low-cte fillings.
The development of the copper sheet industry has undergone a gradual upgrading of the “general plate-free lead-free plate-high frequency/high-speed plate.” In the course of the development of the copperboard industry, three more important technological conversions have taken place: “lead-free halogenization” driven by environmental requirements, “circuit integration” and “lightly thin” and “high-frequency high-speed” driven by small-scale smart terminals.
Full implementation of two directives (rohs,weee) was initiated in July to explicitly classify and restrict the use of six substances, including lead, PBBs and PBDEs (brominated halogen elements), as harmful substances, with positive responses from other countries and regions, which have been affected by the rapid development of environmentally sound, non-halogenated copper sheets adapted to lead-free processes.
Rapid development along miniaturization, high accuracy and multifunctionality has made it necessary for pcb to meet the demands of high-density interconnectivity, which in turn requires a light and strong processing capability to meet the requirements of multi-layer and hdi. The upgrading of mobile communications technology has led to a significant increase in frequency and speed, using 5g communications, for example, with a theoretical transmission rate of 10-20gbps, corresponding to the corrosion of the medium.
At least low-middle-lost consumption levels are needed. The need for the coating sheet as a core pcb raw material is dominated by pcb, the hardware requirements associated with the arithmetic and auto power year are ahead, and the average annual compound increase in the production of pcb in the server/data storage area is 13.6%, i server and hpc-related pcb.
The product (excluding board) has a 40.2 per cent output composite growth rate, and the vehicle field pcb output growth rate is expected to be 4.40 per cent. (ii) Ai base-driven copper sheet migration to high-speed products. Traditional server upgrades are closely linked to pcie bus technology, driving the ccl to upgrade along high-frequency high-speed lines.
The primary storage and network requirements are met by pcie 3.0 at the core. As large-scale data-processing demands for bandwidth have increased, pcie 4.0 has spread, the server mainboard has gradually been upgraded from ccl material at the midlos level to the lowlos level and optimized signal integrity by increasing the pcb layer.
Level ccl, and the introduction of low rough copper to reduce high frequency loss. The trend towards further high-speed upgrades of the main panel material to the high frequency will become more apparent in the future as pcie bus technology continues to evolve. In the case of the Intel Eaglestream server platform, the transmission rate of the main port is on the whitley platform's 16gbps.
Up to 32 gbps, with higher requirements for penetration loss for base-line transmission, the requirement for high frequency signal integrity is that copper panels use low-media constants (dk3.0) and low-median electrical wear and tear (df/00.002) resin systems (e.g. polyamide, carbon hydrogen resin) to ensure that a loss (il) below -0.96 db/in) is inserted under a high-speed transmission of 16-32 gbps to reduce signal decay.
The main choice for industry is to select polyphene (ppo) trees to meet the low penetration loss requirements of the eaglestream server platform, and pcie bus technology is accelerating to a higher level as chip performance and data absorption rates continue to increase. The global market is still dominated by pcie 5.0 in 2024, but pcie 6.0 is expected to be above pcie 5.0 by 2025.
The speed of transmission increases the requirements for the material performance of the server's main board (ccl). The i server has increased its output, driving the ccl volume up. The i is driving a new technological revolution and industrial transformation, which is expected to be a key engine for high-quality economic development. The i server is an important infrastructure for artificial intelligence generation, and is used for a variety of artificial intelligence applications.
Developments and achievements provide critical computing and processing capacity support. According to the Trendforce data, in 2024, the volume of global Ai service delivery increased by 46 per cent on a year-on-year basis to 1.98 million, representing 12.1 per cent of the overall server market, and the market model is expected to exceed $200 billion because of its higher value. The demand for ccl is expected to be affected by the volume and price of the Ai server:
From a quantitative point of view, i-servers need to be equipped with higher-level gpu-modules in order to meet computing-intensive tasks such as deep learning, machine learning, etc., compared to normal servers, and therefore have higher requirements for pcb transmission speeds, heat radiation efficiency, power management capabilities, etc.., i-servers usually use pcb with a multi-storey structure of 20-30 layers, well above the traditional server 12-16 layer configuration;
The demand for high-level hdi products has also risen, leading to an increase in the demand for ccl. In the case of British Weidagb200, the hdi process has been used not only in the computing layer, but also in the high bandwidth, which used to be the high-level pcb connection, where Hdi is expected to be the fastest growing product in the pcb market for the one server, and the annual compound of the prismmark is expected to be used by the server in 2023-2028.
The rate of increase was 16.3 per cent. From a price point of view, because the one server had to process a larger volume of data and perform complex computing tasks, the one server's main board was more demanding for ccl than the normal server, specifically: high-speed signal transmission. The one server was equipped with a large number of high-performance gpu.
Or tpu to speed up the training and reasoning process, where communication between chips requires high-speed data transfer capability. Corresponding copper panels must have lower medium constants (dk) and medium loss factors (df) to reduce loss and interference in signal transmission and to ensure the integrity and stability of high-frequency signals. High-density cabling. Due to the increase in the number of internal components of the one server, especially for the multigpu architecture, pcb
The design tends to be multi-layered (e.g., 30 or more layers), requiring a higher degree of insulation between the number of layers of the coatings and each layer. High-frequency high-speed coatings can support more sophisticated line design, thus meeting the demands of high-density cabling. Thermal management. High-performance calculations generate a large amount of heat, requiring the coating board not only to withstand high temperatures, but also to contribute to evaporation. Special materials such as coatings or devices filled with ceramics.
The base materials with better conductivity are used to improve heat transfer efficiency. Electrical performance. To adapt to high-speed interface standards such as pcie, nvlink, copper sheets are required to provide excellent electrical performance, including low resistance and good shielding effects. More advanced resin systems and metal thumping techniques may be required, such as using ultralow contour (vlp) or reverse copper stubs (rtf).
Global e-server output is expected to increase by more than 20% in 2025. Trendbroce data show that global e-services volume reached 1.98 million in 2024, an increase of 46% over the same period.
Gb200/gb300rack supply chain preparation progress will be a key factor in influencing the delivery of the ai server in 2025, which is expected to increase by almost 35% by the same time in 2025. The estimated annual growth of the total aiser delivery is between 20% and 25%. This is largely based on three major considerations:
First, the impact of the international situation on the ai chip has increased; second, the British Weidargbrack program is more complex because of its design, the bulk of the shipment will fall in the second half of 2025, the gb300 is expected to be rolled out at the same time, and the length of testing and validation of the entire serverrack system will be extended due to the higher specifications.
The effect may be to reduce the client's dependence on the high-level ai programme. The 400g/800g switch penetration rate will recreate the copperboard market pattern. As the large-scale training of the ai model continues to expand to include the rapid expansion of data centre operations, the market's demand for network bandwidth and transmission rates of the arithmetic infrastructure will increase rapidly, with related products.
The increase in data flows has enabled the exchanger market to move from 100g/200g to 400g/800g, followed by a gradual move to 1.6t, with the 800g exchange port in 2025 expected to be more than 400g in mainstream configuration, with high performance materials and multi-layer hdi design mainstreamed, leading to a significant increase in the value of ccl.
(iii) Automotive intelligence penetration or the release of ccl demand from motor motor penetration rates continue to rise. Global car sales reached a peak of 95.6 million vehicles in 2017, then slipped for three consecutive years, fell to 79.67 million in 2020, demand recovery from 2020 to 2023, and global vehicle sales reached 92.72 million in 2023.
The difference between the Chinese automobile market and the overall global situation is that in 2023, China sold 30.9 million vehicles, exceeding its historical high value (2.88 million in 2017). China’s penetration rate of electric cars rose much faster than the global average, and in 2023, China’s penetration rate of electric cars was 38 per cent, 20 pct higher than the global level.
The rapid development of new energy vehicles imposes a higher demand on the copper coatings. Because of the significant increase in the complexity of the new energy car electronic system, especially in key areas such as power control, battery management (bms), vehicle charge (obc) and smart driving, conventional copper covers are difficult to meet in terms of high temperature, heat conductivity, high frequency stability and reliability.
The plate has a higher glass transition temperature (tg) and a lower thermal inflation coefficient (cte) to ensure that it can still operate at high temperatures, high humidity and vibration rings. Moreover, as car connections and autopilot techniques develop, the pcb for signal transmission speed and accuracy needs to be upgraded and the high-frequency high-speed coatings of copper board applications increased.
The rapid penetration of the intelligent means to boost the demand for the high end of the copper board. With the spread of intellectuals at the 122+ and above levels, there has been a significant increase in the number of sensors such as millimetre wave radars, laser radars, high-definition cameras, etc. on board, which are extremely powerful for high-frequency high-speed signal transmission.
High requirements lead to the development of coatings in the direction of low-media constants (dk), low-media power loss (df) and high-size stability.
iii. China has a high overall share of domestic and domestic firms, and high-end products are expected to outperform (i) the continent’s overall share of producers, with China’s mainland being the largest market for copper in the world with a lower share of high-end markets. According to Prismark, China’s mainland (in China’s outer continent) in 2023
In 2023, sales in mainland China were 525 million square metres, accounting for 79.9 per cent of total sales worldwide.
Rough-plate sales are among the highest in the world, accounting for 14.7 per cent of the global sales of rigid-plated copper; second in the world, 14.0 per cent of the global share of profit technology; third in the world, 10.3 per cent of the global share of photovoltaics; and of the global “23-strong” enterprises, the Chinese and the Chinese are home-grown.
The total amount of technology and sales was $3.144 billion and the global share was 24.7 per cent, with high-end copper plates largely dependent on imports. From a volume point of view, China exported more than imports, and China exported 97.9 million tons in 2024 and 40.7 million tons in imports. In terms of trade volumes, China is still in a trade deficit in the market.
In 2024, China exported $626 million and imported $1,122 million, with a trade deficit of $496 million. China's high-end copper sheet products were mainly dependent on imports, the unit price of imported copper sheet products was much higher than the export price, and China imported copper sheetes at an average price of $27.57/kg in 2024, with an average price of $6.40/kg for exports and an average price of approximately 4.3 times the average export price.
Figure 15: Imports of China ' s copper coatings Intra-capitalized enterprises have a lower share of the market for special copper plates. High-end copper plates are dominated by special copper-plating products. Prismark data show that 13 of the three global production types of rigid special copper plates in 2023 had a certain size.
Total sales amounted to approximately $3.818 billion, or 93 per cent of total sales of such copper-plating products worldwide; sales amounted to about 100 million square metres, or 87 per cent. Of the 13 enterprises producing three special types of copper-plating, four owned enterprises accounted for 46.1 per cent of total sales; total sales by Japanese-owned enterprises amounted to 23.9 per cent; total sales by European and American enterprises amounted to 8.9 per cent; and domestic firms only benefited from technology.
(ii) Domestication of high-end products through “technology introduction + autonomous R & D”
In the case of resins, the traditional system of epoxy resins is no longer adequate, and the lower-depletion mix of resins is a trend. “modified” resins refer to the need for some type of resin, which is dominated by one type of traditional resin, and for other types of resin in order to achieve certain characteristics.
Copperboard materials include polytetrafluoroethylene resins (ptfe), bimalylamide resins (bmi), thermal solid cyanate resins (ce), polybenether resins (appe or po short), modified epoxy resins and other resins. A breakthrough in the area of ptfe coatings from 0 to 1 was achieved through technology introduction + autonomous optimization.
In July 2022, two new international standards proposals for ptfe coatings, " ptfe with no enhanced fill-up sheet " and " ptfe with enhanced non-filled copper cover " , led respectively by Guangdong and Jiangsujin, were developed as a collaborative effort to obtain formulations for ptfe materials, production processes and specialized equipment to fill the technological gap in the country in the area of high-end ptfe coatings.
The cost of R & D remains at over 5% of the revenue. In 2011, the company obtained the National Centre for the Establishment of Business Technology, as determined by the National Development and Reform Commission, and in 2011, the Ministry of Science and Technology approved the establishment of the National Centre for Engineering Research on Electronic Circuit Foundations, which is the only one in the industry.
At the national level, the Engineering Technology Research Centre. The multiplicity of new products developed by the company in its own right competes in the market, reducing the country’s capacity in this technological field and (iii) continuously expanding, actively investing abroad, the company has a capacity of 120 million square metres and continuously expanding its new capacity. It operates in Guangdong East, Xianyang, Xianxiang.
Jiangsusu County, Laos, Nantung and Jiangxi Qijiang all have production bases, with an annual capacity of about 120 million m2. At the same time, a total of 1.3 billion yuan has been invested in the orderly advancement of the San Jiangxi II project, which will be targeted at high-end customers and will be targeted to meet related products for use in the areas of wrapping, automobiles, smart terminals, wearing equipment, etc., with an additional 18 million m2 of coated copper produced each year.
It is expected to be produced in the third quarter of 2025. In order to better meet the business development needs of the company, the company's board is working on the electronic information industry chain.
The company is investing in the construction of production bases in Thailand. This is an important initiative for the company to implement its strategic deployment abroad. It will help the public administration to open up overseas markets, build the capacity to supply its products overseas, better meet the demand for orders from international customers, and make companies more flexible in responding to the potentially negative impacts of fluctuations in the macro-environment, industrial policy adjustments and changes in international trade patterns on companies.
By the end of 2024, the company had a share in the company’s investment in the company, where it held 62.93 per cent of the share in the profit electronics, which was the share in the profit electronics, and the main business in the profit electronics was the production and sale of pcb, which was the lower part of the copper plate. The company held 23.26 per cent of the share in the United Kingdom’s new materials.
It is the first major shareholder of the United Nations new material, and its main business is the development, manufacture, and sale of silicon micro-powder, which is upstream of the copper sheet. The products of the productive electronic printing circuit boards are located in the mid-to-high end application market.
Leisure electronics has successfully developed a number of server clients, including Amazons. According to cpca ' s XXIII (2023) China Electronics Industry List, it ranks 26th out of a combined pcb100 and 12th out of a built-in pcb100; and, according to a market report issued by Prismark in the fourth quarter of 2024, it ranks 1nd out of a global pcb40.
It is a leading enterprise in the field of inorganic non-metal powder materials in the country. It has developed and controlled the production capacity of a variety of types of inorganic non-metal powder materials, resulting in product layouts based on silicon-based oxides, aluminium-based oxides, and multi-species specifications.
The introduction, thermal stability, acid-resistant alkaline (except hf), grindability, flame retardation, increased curvature strength of the plate, size stability, lower heat inflation of the low plate, and improved utility constants for the coatings. As silicon micropowder is abundant and inexpensive, it reduces the cost of the coatings, and therefore their use is becoming more widespread in the corrosion industry.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals. Technology for profit is ranked second in total global sales of rigid coins, with market ownership stable at around 14%. Companies can offer a range of ccl products, high-end copper sheet sizes that continue to grow and are expected to benefit fully in the future from the release of downstream infrastructure needs and new ones.
Energy cars, intelligent penetration. Holdings are expected to benefit from large-scale e-pcb operations that continue to be covered for the first time in aai, with a “recommended” rating. Corporate revenue comes mainly from copper slabs, stickers, and printed circuit boards, with comparable companies including new materials in South Asia, productive electronics, deep-south electricity.
Roads, macros, and power shares are 23 times higher than the average of five companies in 2025. Given that profit technology is a share of the copper plate, the demand for high-speed products in the company’s previous configuration is expected to move into a fast-growing phase, giving the company a relatively stable 30-35 times greater share of business, robust downstream demand, sustained net inflows of net cash flows, using fcfe for companies.
The demand for high-speed copper coatings in the ai-kept building, and the company’s pre-winding ptfe materials, is expected to enter the accelerated growth phase. The continued increase in the penetration rate of new energy vehicles and the accelerated diffusion of intellectuals will also drive the demand for the capping.
1. Risk of price fluctuations in raw materials. The company ' s main raw materials, involving copper, resin, glass cloth, etc., are influenced by commodity prices, and price fluctuations and imbalances in supply and demand pose a greater risk of uncertainty in the company ' s production costs and operations.2 The risk of increased competition in the market. The stock of semi-finished products and finished products continues to be high up and down the chain of terminals and industries, and the industry continues to expand.
Yes, oversupply can easily lead to higher price pressures. Depending on uncertainties, some species may become surplus at some point in time, increasing market competition. 3, arithmetic demand releases less than expected risks.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
At its peak, the Beijing Post and Telecommunications University, with its Master of Electronics and Communications Engineering, and its Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Jilin University. Two years of work experience in electronics, six years of experience in securities, were employed in the Ministry of Securities and Securities in China. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of the electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.