Technology for profit (600183) Electronics performed better than expected, and product structure optimized the release of profits at the Southwest Securities Institute.
Summary of performance: During the first quarter of 2025, the company achieved operating income of $5.61 billion, an increase of 26.9 per cent over the same period; net profit of $560 million for maternity, an increase of 43.8 per cent over the same period; net profit of $560 million for non-mortality, an increase of 45.0 per cent over the same period.
In the first quarter of 2025, the company achieved 8.86% Māori in the same period, an increase of 1.18 pp. The increase in profitability was mainly due to: (1) a rise in the same volume of copper-plate sales, while the company continued to optimize its marketing structure, increasing the share of high value-added products and driving the rollover of copper.
The growth in the demand for high-level, high-precision, high-density and high-reliability multi-storey printed circuit boards has benefited from the growth of market demand for the same yield as the increase in the Māori rate for the products of the Board.
The company’s share in the global rigid copper sheet market is steady second and strong. 2) pcb operations: affiliates contribute to continuous electronic optimization of the product structure and actively improve the business.
The core drivers of growth in corporate performance are the continued optimization of product structures and the breakthrough in high-end markets. 1) Price transfer capacity: concentration in the copperboard industry.
In the context of recent increases in raw materials, such as copper, the company is expected to channel some of the cost pressures downstream and guarantee profitability. 2) High-speed coatings: the high-speed ultra-low-deficit ccl demand benefits from the upgrade of the ai server and the traditional server platform.
From mid-loss to extremlow-loss and the next generation's complete technological reserves, the high-speed ccl is expected to continue to increase its share among ai clients.
Corporate profile: Cccl industry leads, product structure continues to be optimized. Technology for profit was founded in 1985 to bring together research and development, production, marketing, and services as a global electronic circuit base.
The company, which is mainly involved in the design, production and sale of coatings, glue sheets and printed circuit boards, is now able to produce high-end electrical sub-materials such as coatings, semi-stabilized sheets, insulation presses, metal-based copper slabs, coatings of copper, filtration films, etc. The company ' s products are used downstream mainly for the production of singles, double-faced circuit boards, and high multi-layered circuit boards, and are widely applied to 5g.
Antenna, telecommunications base stations, large computers, high-end servers, aerospace industry, chip encapsulation, auto electron, smart households, industrial and medical equipment, domestic electricity, consumer terminals, etc. Technology maintains a leading edge, and downstream clients accumulate deep resources.
The company’s main products have been certified by international, national and well-known firms such as Bo, Sony, Philip, with a clear competitive advantage in the Americas, Europe, South Korea, Japan, South-East Asia, with many years of deep cooperation with downstream customers.
A wide range of countries and regions have been able to achieve wide distribution. Figure 1: Distribution of technology-based products. Corporate operations include: coatings and glues, printing circuit boards, integrated use of waste resources, etc.
In terms of revenue structure, the gross operating income of the company in 2024 was $20.39 billion, an increase of 22.9 per cent over the same period; in particular, the Division ' s main revenue was collected; the printing of circuit boards generated operating income of $4.48 billion, an increase of 43.1 per cent over the same period and a share of the company ' s operating income of 54.3 per cent.
This represents an increase of 25.3 per cent, or 70.8 per cent; a Māori rate of 19.4 per cent for printed circuit boards (+8.3 pp for the same year) and R$ 870 million (+149.6 per cent for the same year), or 19.4 per cent; and a Māori rate of 1.3 per cent for the integrated use of waste resources (+3.6 pp for the same year), with a corporate income of RMB 5.61 billion in the first quarter of the year, an increase of 26.9 per cent for the same year and a net return to the mother of RMB 560 million, or 43.8 per cent for the same year.
Corporate sales costs were 2.1 per cent in the first quarter of the year, an increase of 0.2 pp over the same period in the previous year; management costs were 4.3 per cent, an increase of 0.4 pp in the same year; research and development costs were 5.2 per cent, an increase of 0.3 pp in the same year; terminal demand repair + repayment management was strengthened and cash flows from corporate operations were warmed back in 2020-2024.
Billion dollars, a 46.9 per cent decline in the same year, cash flows from corporate operations in the first quarter of 2025 amounted to $270 million, mainly as a result of strong corporate repayment management and recovery of the need to add up the terminal. Assuming that 1: the company ' s copper cap and glue business benefit from a recovery in end demand, the price is warming, and the ai-led high end
We're assuming that the company's copper coatings and glues operations were shipped in 2025-2027, assuming that the company's pcb operations were driven by overseas csp self-researching server requirements, high-level multi-storey product rapid release, crop rate and product structure were significantly optimized. We're assuming that the volume of pcb exports grew by 11.2%, 10.9%, respectively, in 2025-2027.
Assumption 3: We assume that the future of the integrated operation of waste resources will develop in synergy with the copper plate and pcb operations, that the overall growth trend takes into account the scope of the operation, that we have selected new materials from South Asia that are similar to the copper plate area, and that we refer to the company's historical valuation, peband, as a reference for the valuation.
Table 2: Comparable corporate valuations Figure 9: Corporate history peband pegs are 27 times greater. Companies benefit from a moderate macroeconomic recovery-led annual increase in the volume of copper-plated products and ai-distribution boosts.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.