The water comes up the stairs and the price rises to a good harvest.
The Division completed 49,751 million kilowatt-hours of electricity generation, an increase of 8.97 per cent in the same year and 49,392 million kilowatt-hours of electricity on the Internet, an increase of 8.97 per cent in the same year.
\triangleright, which led to a recovery in power generation, continued a quarterly increase in the production capacity of the company 2q22, which reached a peak of 31,294 million kilowatt-hours in the first quarter of the 2q19 quarter, at 32,124 million kilowatt-hours.
Unnecessary `East West' fluctuations, and Yunnan's power price performance: 1h22, Utunun, Little \triangleright Bay, and the water from the thugs are 2 to 3% more abundant than during the same period last year, but the rate of increase in power generation lags behind the rate of increase in the water coming, or
Related to the low demand for electricity in Guangdong, the “West East” location. In May, local outbreaks were repeated with the effect of relatively low annual temperatures, and the demand for electricity in the Guangdong region fell rapidly in the month-on-month period, by 15.3 per cent, and in the month-on-month period, by 2.3 per cent, in the month-on-May aggregate electricity consumption, but in the second quarter, according to the Yunnan electricity market.
In April-June, the price of electricity increased by 6.6 per cent, 6.8 per cent, 14.4 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period last year, and in Yunnan it is expected that the impact of short-term disturbances on the supply of power to the thorium will be offset by the company’s 1h22 performance or harvest.
\triangleright returns, or some pressure on the consumption of part of the “West East” electricity, trading prices; however, the Yunnan region does not have 1. Power and water (600025.sh) reported in 2021.
Trading prices are high enough to compensate for the adverse effects, and the company is expected to achieve a good harvest season. Maintain a positive review of the company ' s profits and returns in the first quarter of 2022: a strong integration of methods and analytical logic leads to conclusions, an independent and objective presentation of the report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research work done by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.