And it's going to increase and add down to the financial costs, and it's going to boost the profits, and it's going to boost the profits, and it's going to increase, and it's going to increase, and it's going to be going down, and it's going to be going down, and it's going down, and it's going down, and it's going down, and it's going up, and it's going down, and it's going up, and it's going up, and it's going up, and it's going up, and it's going, and it's going, and it's going, and it's going, and it's going, and it's going, and it's going, and it's going, and it's going, and it's going, and it's going, and it's going, and it's going, and it's going, and it's going, and it's going, and it's going, and it's going, it's going, it's going, and it's going, it's going, it's going, and it's going, it's going, it's going, it's going, and it's going, it's going, it's going, it's going, it's going, and it's going, it's going, it's going, it's going, and it's going, and it's going, and it's going, and it's, it's going, it's going, it's going, it's going, and it's going, it's going, it's going, it's going, it's going, it's going, it's going, it's going, it's going, and it's going, it's going, it's going, it's going, and it's going, it's going, it's going, it's going, it's going, it's going, it's going, it's going, it's going, it's going, it's going, it's going, it's
In the first half of the year, the price of electricity and water has risen. Since 2022, there has been widespread water overflows across the country, and the waters of small bays and thugs have been more than 30 per cent larger than the water overflow, leading companies to produce the same 9 per cent increase in electricity in the first half of the year; and since 2022, the market price of electricity in Yunnan has increased by about 1.5-3 cents per month.
In addition, the company’s fiscal costs, driven by its debt structure excellence, precision cost control, etc., fell by 11% on a year-on-year basis. The price of electricity traded in Yunnan is clearly rising, looking at the long-term space for electricity prices.
Since 2017, Yunnan has been heavily involved in the introduction of high-energy industries such as aluminium and silicon, with tight supply and demand patterns, and in the last five years the prices of marketed electricity in Yunnan have been rising each year.
In July 2022, the market price in Yunnan Province reached US$ 0.15499, an increase of US$0.0255. We expect the upward trend in electricity prices to continue during the 1455s, with plans to build a “two million kilowatt” clean energy base each year.
The company developed new energy sources based on the advantages of the hydropower sector, planning for the construction of “two million kilowatts” of clean energy bases in the Yanang Yunnan and Tibet sectors during the 14th century. 15 new energy projects are planned for 2022, with a capacity of 1.3 million kilowatts to be installed; and the end of the 14th Five is projected.
New energy has accumulated 10 million kilowatts. Corporate debt financing is large and low-cost.
The company has acquired the right to develop hydroelectric resources in the river basin, with a total installed capacity of about 10,000 kilowatts, a significant amount of hydropower resources still available for development, and 100% of the installed capacity to be developed is fully owned by the public department. The construction of the Toba hydroelectric plant (1.4 million kilowatts) is expected to take place.
By 2025, electricity was connected to the grid; eight hydroelectric plants in Tibet (9.618 million kW in total) were working ahead, and construction was expected to begin gradually during the 1455s.
It is expected that Yunnan’s electricity prices will continue to rise in the 14th quarter; new energy production is expected to accelerate and become a new performance growth point. Given the high performance expectations of the first half of the year, we have raised our profits.
Water is below expectations; electricity prices on the Internet are lower; and new energy is not growing as fast as expected. Taumao has graduated from China’s University of Mines (Beijing), with more than 10 years of industrial research experience, and has long been working on environmentally friendly public use and upstream and downstream industrial chains.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.