Increased prices are matched by higher efficiency gains, higher performance on new steps, higher performance on higher levels: water from the last river basin is expected to lead to a recovery in power generation, 1h22 \triangleright
The company completed 49,751 million kilowatt-hours of hydroelectric power generation, an increase of 9.0 per cent over the same period, of which q2 completed 3,2124 million kilowatt-hours, an increase of 13.5 per cent over the same period, and q2 generated more than 2,q19 kWh, a peak of 31,294 million kilowatt-hours of electricity generation, which reached an all-time high.
Electricity prices continued to rise, with a weighted average trading price of 0.2577/kWh in January-June, an increase of 1.63/kWh compared to the same period last year; in the first half of the year, companies broke out of the electricity price policy and pushed the provincial contract prices to coincide with the tight domestic sources.
The q2 price increases by 0.24, 1.12/kWh. q2 boosts the company’s performance to a new step, yielding $7.189 billion in a single quarter, an increase of 19.4 per cent; net profit returns to mothers of $3.100 billion, an increase of 48.2 per cent; net profit deductions from non-returns to mothers of $3.183 billion, an increase of 48.0 per cent.
Debt optimization, depreciation maturity, significant reduction: companies continue to optimize their debt structure, financial costs during the reporting period \triangleright 1. Powered utilities (600025.sh) event rating: water re-entry
Over the reporting period, the depreciation cost for water mechanics expired at a rate of $266 million, or 9.21 per cent less, compared to the same period; the company ' s cash flow will continue to reduce the size of its interest-bearing liabilities, further reduce financial costs and increase the profitability of the first quarter of the reporting period: build on the large water-winding integration base
\triangleright in seven power stations in Yunnan by the end of June
A survey of physical indicators has been carried out on the ancient hydroelectric plant in thousands of kilowatts. Of the eight power stations in Tibet, 2.1 million kilowatts of dragon power stations, such as the American hydroelectric plant, are working hard to advance the approved priority issues of settlement planning, land pre-trial, etc.; 1 million kilowatts of Bandar power station have been secured as a “bullage order”; 1.7 million kilowatts of ancient school power stations have been set in motion.
The investment proposal is: to return water to the steps, the company ' s q2 power generation reached a record high during the same period; the Yunnan region is running up the price of trading electricity, and the company ' s performance is rising up to the new steps; and a profit forecast for the company is maintained.
\triangleright price fluctuations; 4) fiscal and other policy adjustments. Methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.