The \triangleright stream transport and the supply of raw materials were affected, but the company made full use of Jiangsu factory capacity to ease the situation.
In addition to the pressure on production and delivery at sea plants, since June, the company has been actively pushing for the resumption of work, with a marked improvement in the q2 performance ring, which is expected to continue with a steady recovery in the second half of the year. The impact of the epidemic has faded, and profitability has recovered rapidly.
The rise in commodity prices has been influenced by factors such as the company ' s 22h1 Māori ratio of 25.60 per cent for the same year and 5.5 pcts, but as the company ' s return to work progresses, the company ' s q2 Māori ratio has slightly increased, the ring ratio +2.7 pcts to 26.70 per cent, and the Māori rate is expected to improve continuously in the second half of the year. In terms of cost rates, companies continue to implement strong mitigation efficiency measures.
Dun Young-kang has introduced platform-based management in-house at a cost of 10.95 per cent for the 22h1 company period, compared to 1.49 pcts, where management and sales rates have decreased by 0.41 pct/0.33 pct, respectively, while the company maintains a high level of research.
Inputs, 22h1 R & D cost 5.27%, corresponding to +0.2 pct. Guo Yingzhen's income has increased steadily, and switch-type operations have increased their contribution.
\triangleright collects 868 million yuan, or +6 per cent, of which the transformer has a strong post-exposure advantage, maintaining a higher rate of increase, following the transformer, 100 million yuan, corresponding to 10.85 per cent, and products such as svg, capacitors and so on benefit from the construction of new power systems, with expectations for the second half of the year.
The value of overseas operations in the Matthews is growing, and the future is expected to expand into high-growth channels. Companies have been operating overseas for many years.
\triangleright 1. Ideas Electric (002028.sz) 2021 Annual Report Review: Overseas markets are now moving beyond the difficult stages of prior certification, breakthroughs, etc. to harvest.
Intranet operations have grown steadily, overseas markets have moved into high-growth corridors - 2022/04/19 (22.56 per cent), sub-markets such as the Americas and the Middle East have grown rapidly, with Gis, transformers and other products achieving higher levels of growth.
22h1 companies earn $733 million, or +9.4 per cent, of overseas operations as a share of total income. Companies have made breakthroughs in dozens of countries, such as Italy and Denmark, but the share of overseas municipalities is still relatively low, follow-up imports will accelerate, and companies have sufficient scope to upgrade overseas operations.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.