Quick recovery of production capacity, improvement of business loops, report of over-predicted research assistant Chee Cheol-dung Think-George, released the semi-annual performance report for 2022, with 2022h1 generating $4.345 billion.
+13.17% year-on-year; net profit of 473 million yuan year-on-year, 16.94% year-on-year; net profit of non-mothers year-on-year, +21.66% year-on-year. Despite the difficulties faced by q2 companies as a result of the Shanghai epidemic in terms of manufacturing, raw materials supply, and revenue recognition, the resumption of work was carried out in May-June in an orderly manner.
With a steady increase in electricity network investment, we expect the second half of the year to be better than the first six months; the company has ample orders, high capacity elasticity, and 2022h2 faster delivery savings.
The cost of amortization, grid support under the epidemic is priced on a reasonable scale, and the profits are expected to follow the growth of income by adding to the high level of platforms such as R & D, procurement, sales, etc. The structure of the epc overseas, the power side elasticity of power generation remains high, and investment in the grid side equipment increased in 2022.
Long “years.” 1) Switch type gis equipment bids have increased structurally, company shares have still been raised, and the future moves towards high voltage levels and overseas, as well as circuit breakers and isolation switch tenders have remained steady and robust; 2) coil category ais steady increases, transformers are released with the production capacity of regular state plants, and in some cases
Growth is faster; 3) Uncompensated new energy loadings are higher &svg than upgrades + processing industry, leading to rapid growth of uncompensation devices in the corporate market; 4) smart equipment is growing rapidly on the side of electricity generation, and the side of the grid continues to drive access to the 220kv secondary product tender on the national network; overseas expansion is steadily advancing, gradually forming the Matthews effect; and deregulation of the epidemic is expected to drive overseas industries.
Thinking Electric (002028): New elasticity is released in the web. The company has been home-grown overseas for 10 years + and has formed a “root market plus multi-state, off-grid re-exploitation, platform ecology”
"Flowing," we expect power installations to be one of the central points of company performance in the future: 1) liberalization of overseas controls is expected to accelerate the pace of the pepc, and 2022 orders continue to break, product matrix advantages, high self-accompaniment and better project management are expected to be overseas.
Ideal Electric (002028) 2021  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Recovering Supermarket Expectations due to Corporate Productive Operations, we're just a little up-and-up on Basic + Energetic Decoration of the Future
In line with expectations, the private leader of the power plant has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Board by Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.