Bank Ningbo (002142): Vigilance with regard to public credit, poor recognition and disposal: company reports published in the first quarter of 2025. q1, company ' s operating income was 18,495 million yuan (+5.63 per cent, yoy), net profits attributable to shareholders in the parent ' s general stock of 7,417 million yuan (+5.76 per cent, yoy) at the end of the season.
q1 Bank loans are growing rapidly, exceeding our optimistic expectations, and still have a clear advantage over the industry. On the margins, loan growth has been driven by public operations (general loan plus bill discount) up from q4 in 2024, with a strong “grown season” character reflecting the regional economy.
Good demand and company-sufficient project reserves (2024 q4 with restraint in public lending or related to it). Individual loans are tied up because of access to a loan or because of increased risk. Ningpo Bank lending is concentrated mainly in q2 and q3 and its trend needs to be further observed. On balance, despite retail demand, tariff uncertainty.
The credit scale is expected to grow faster during the year because q1 over-expected “open door” credit is the basis for a year-round consolidation, and macroeconomic policy efforts are likely to activate potential demand. q1 Ningbo Bank financial investment is also on the same scale of rapid growth, consistent with industry trends, driven mainly by government financing.
_ Benefiting from the region’s economic and fiscal strength, deposits have remained strong. q1 Ningbo bank deposits have continued to grow at a relatively fast pace, notably faster than the same period. In addition to the higher credit derivatives, the high increase in deposits may also benefit from several factors: on the one hand, more sticky customers, and a good export situation that drives faster cash flows from companies and small and small players; and, on the other hand, treatment.
In the process of fixing “manual interest rates” and inter-operative deposits, their pricing advantages may attract a partial increase; again, in May last year, when the fiscal weight was increased, Ningpo Bank’s structure of publicly-owned deposits may benefit more from the sinking of fiscal funds.
And the quality of the assets highlights the advantages of professional activity - Bank Ningpo (002142): growth in size is still influenced by the decline in interest rates on lpr and stock housing loans in the second half of 2024; on the other hand, by recent years of debt.
A strong and strong write-off — company summary report, Ningpo Bank (002142): The strong growth in size partly offsets the savings cut, q2 fund interest rates have dropped significantly, and the impact of coping rates will turn positive in May.
One round of Ipr’s stagnating interest rates on state-owned bank deposits reflects a common demand for industry to maintain interest-rate stability. Small and medium-sized banks, including Ningbo banks, or following the pace of major banks to open a new round of interest-rate cuts, are expected to provide a greater buffer against asset-end pressures.
The middle business income is still under pressure; in the case of debt, the advantage of professional investment is evident. As middle business remains constrained by factors such as welfare payments and weak capital market performance, the q1 fee and commission net income falls slightly in the same year. It is worth the company’s wealth management and asset management operations are expected to release greater flexibility with their traditional advantages. q1 is affected by bond market restructuring.
Investment benefits have been weakened: investment returns + fair value changes have decreased significantly the same time, and other combined returns have declined considerably. q2 has performed better overall and investment efficiency has been marginal or improved since the end of the year. > Asset quality as a whole is stable; poor disposal remains prudent in the industry context where individual loan risks have generally increased. q1 At the end of the month, Nin
The overall rate of non-performing loans in Bo banks was 0.76%, with a flat ring ratio. Loans of concern decreased by 3bps to 1% compared to q4 in 2024, or were mainly associated with increased negative recognition by companies. q1 Ningbo Bank was prepared to raise loan losses of $4.701 billion, a single season high, +45.90%; write-off of non-performing loans of $3.028 billion and the rate of write-off of non-performing loans of 27.37% were in relative positions.
High, reflecting the company’s philosophy of prudential operations. Dynamicly, the measurement of q1 single-quarter negative generation (with write-off) is 0.27%, which is high in recent years. The provision coverage is further reduced by the impact of an increase in the scale of adverse generation. Against the background of the prevailing increase in the industry’s personal lending exposure, corporate recognition and write-off efforts are concentrated mainly on retail assets, and the timely disposal of risks is in the public interest.
The Division maintains a proactive position in follow-up business development. Given the faster growth in corporate income and the higher provision, it is expected that there will still be a capacity to maintain an excellent indicator of asset quality.
3. The company is able to respond adequately to the pressure of increased retail risk in the industry, and the quality of assets is expected to be protected.
Qualified. Maintenance of corporate “buy-in” investment rating. Figure 1 Size and acceleration of total bank loans. Figure 2 Size of new bank loans in q1 Ningbo, in billions of yuan
Figure 3 Size and speed of financial investment by Bank Ningbo. Figure 4 Size and rate of increase in bank deposits. Left axis: billions. Figure 5 Size of additional deposits by Bank q1 Ningbo, billions.
Figure 6 Single-quarter interest differentials and year-on-year movements by Bank Novib semi-annual fees and commission revenue, in millions of yuan, other combined gains by Bank Novibo, left axis: billion yuan
Figure 9 Ningbo Bank Badness, Concern and Overdue Rates, in: % Appendix: Forecasts of Three Statements, Using Data Information for Legal Compliance, Careful Presentation of Research Conclusions, and Independent and Objective Presentation of this Report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.