Shen Jia's performance: 362 billion yuan gross operating income in 2024, 50.7 billion yuan net profit to the mother.
The value of the Māori rate varies by cost. The overall growth in operating profits is steady, and Māori is steady and up when the new calibre is comparable. Market share: the share of power cells and storage cells is at the top of the list.
The global market was 37.9 per cent higher in 2024 than in the second; The world's first global market was 36.5 per cent in 2024, 23.3 percentage points higher than the second, for the fourth consecutive year.
Products: In the area of vehicles, the thorium and the God-like battery series produced large quantities of vehicles, which last year amounted to about 30 to 40% and are expected to reach 6 to 7% in 2025; a new generation of thorium high-power batteries and the thugs plus batteries, among others. Although released at the end of last year, there are more than 30 car models.
In the area of commercial vehicles, the Skyline battery series worked with a number of car companies to store energy products from domestic commercial power cells in 2024. Chocolate power switching has been working with several car companies.
In the second half of the year, close to the company’s historical peak, making a valuable contribution to the amortization of manufacturing costs and depreciation.
Institutional investors as a proportion of the share in circulation a Capacity and capital expenditure: at the end of last year's year, capacity at the end of the year exceeded 200 gwh.
Base projects such as Loyang, Ninder, etc., have advanced, overseas German base capacity has climbed, Hungary has accelerated construction, Spain’s joint venture project pre-dates, and Indonesia’s industrial chain projects. To meet market demand, companies will expand their production capacity, and planning has improved better than last year.
Sales: The market performance in January/February this year was better than in the same period in previous years. China’s electric penetration of regional markets increased: good orders were placed in the Middle East and Australia at the beginning of this year, the United States market grew at a slow pace, and it is expected that several years of growth will go far beyond the traditional regions, and the demand for data centres’ storage capacity will grow around the globe.
Prices and costs: The company does not compete at low prices. Faced with price increases in parts of the supply chain, the company believes that the overall supply is larger than demand, and that the target is to achieve a certain level of product cost this year through technological innovation and downswing.
To a reasonable level, costs can be covered at the current market price of lithium carbonate. Robot operation layout clarifies that Xinhua invests mainly in cooperation on lithium electrical materials, not in rapid and significant layouts of the machine and the robot market, but in view of its potential, this investment and robotics.
In 2025, we projected an increase of 30% in the overall market demand for power and storage batteries, the company as Chinaresearchdept.
In terms of prices, the base price of raw materials is now stable, chinaresearchdept., 17 March 2025.