Performance meets expectations, the expansion of multi-print operations highlights long-term potential, and the city’s share continues to rise.
480gwh, about 390gwh, a 23% increase over the same period last year. Market occupancy has continued to grow, and according to the Union of Power Battery Industries, in January-December 2024, the number of power cells installed in electric cars in the global market was about 785.6gwh in January-November 2024.
On 26th, the company announced its intention to issue offshore foreign shares (h shares) and apply for joint payment in Hong Kong.
As Irel’s main board is listed, the port stock market will be conducive to the Ningde era’s globalization strategy, with global capital, opening the table, shaping the image of globalization, improving the internationalization of companies, and capturing global energy.
The historic opportunity for transition has helped to develop over the long term and boost shareholder returns; a joint venture with Stillantis opened the world. On December 10, 24, the company announced its intention to establish a joint venture with the world ' s fourth largest car manufacturer, Stellantis, with a total projected investment of Euro4,038 million and an annual capacity of 50 gwh.
The two sides held 50% of the shares; on January 21st, the co-chairperson of the Ningde era, Pan Jianxian, is expected to announce a new joint venture project with the other mainframe plant (oem) in Europe this year, fully highlighting the company’s appeal to global car companies, helping to unlock globalization and increase its profitability.
In the three-quarterly edition of the 2024 edition of the Ningde era (300,750.sz), the traditional business was well-established. Multi-branded, during the reporting period companies introduced such systems or brands as Skywalk, or GodPlus, or SkyHing, respectively, in the areas of commercial vehicles, passenger cars and storage energy.
2. At the semi-annual reporting point of 2024 in the Ningde era (300,750.sz), the company has the largest single-sourced storage facility in the United Arab Emirates today, with a total capacity of 19 gwh. The power switch brought new demand, and the company joined forces on 18 December 24th.
Hundreds of partners initiated the conversion of electricity ecology and built 1,000 chocolate-for-power stations on their own in 2025, according to the plan; Central 3. During the reporting period of the first quarter of 2024 (300,750.sz), 10,000 sites were built; the final size will reach 30,000, bringing new business growth to the company.
4. Annual review of the Ningde era (300,750.sz): strong profitability, rising urban dominance, clear competitive advantage - 20
5. Performance forecast for 2023 in the Ningde era (300,750.sz) \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.