The global city share has been rising steadily, with steady growth in the performance of the Ningde era (300,750) 2024.
This is a 34.32% increase. The decline in revenue is mainly due to lower raw material costs, correspondingly higher battery product prices, higher profitability due mainly to lower raw material costs, optimized product structure, and the introduction of the 12-month minimum price ($)
The q4 Māori rate is 15.04%, a decline in the same year, due to cost-taking and changes in export tax refund policies; the q4 net interest rate is 14.83%, an increase of 1.42 pt, a decline of 0.18 pt, a decline in the ring. Battery unit profits of 0.11 yuan/wh remain resilient.
Research and development inputs have been growing, and innovation products have continued to be competitive. In 2024, the company's research and model output rose to 60-70% of the output of the company's power cell. The remote-increment mixer battery was launched at the end of 2024 and now has more than 30 cars on board.
Together, 19 gwh's world's largest storage energy orders have been made, and the big future one model will drive the rapid growth of data centre deployment needs. For years, companies have worked deep in frontier areas such as solid-state batteries, and have pioneered the release of condensable cells for use in aviation, and it is expected that 2027 will begin to produce small volumes of fully solid-state batteries.
Since the second half of 2024, there has been a significant increase in capacity utilization, which will contribute steadily to global capacity-building. In 2024, the Division experienced a quarterly increase in capacity utilization, with a total capacity of 676 gwh at the end of the year.
Production and capacity climbs on the slopes; on the overseas side, the capacity of German factories is gradually increasing, and the Hungarian factory, the joint venture with Stillantis in Spain, and the Indonesian battery industry chain project are being built or prepared. h shares are planned to be released to further advance the strategic layout of globalization.
In order to further advance the strategic design of corporate globalization, an internationalized capital operating platform will be created to improve the overall situation.
With competitiveness, it is hoped that the position of the company’s global lithium tap will be consolidated. The dollar, which corresponds to 18 times the pe and 15 times the pe. New energy vehicle penetration is on the rise, renewable energy development and rising demand for new data centres will drive rapid growth in storage demand, lithium.
The company is the global lithium electric pole, with technological advantages to sustain the development risk: the risk of large price fluctuations in raw materials: the risk of uncertainty in entering the port. Note: the “market index” of this rating system, a share of which is 300 indexes of depth, and the new three-board reference points, which are three index points.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.