Conch Cement [0914.HK; 600585.CH]
Temporary Suspension of Tongling Conch Expected To Have Limited Impact
We believe the temporary production suspension of Tongling Conch will have a very limited
impact on earnings this year. Since Tongling Conch is a major taxpayer in Tongling city, we
China Cement Sector
believe the municipal government will work closely with Tongling Conch to sort out the envi-
ronmental protection issues. We maintain our BUY rating and the H-share target price of
HK$59.50, based on 2.5x 2018E PBR (A-share target price: RMB45.10). Meanwhile, the two
BUY
factors capping the share price performance of Conch Cement are fading, i.e. (i) the relative-
ly cheap valuation of Conch Venture (0586.HK), and (ii) the relatively deep share price dis-
count of Conch Cement-A.
Close: HK$50.25 (Jun 12, 2018)
Investment Highlights
Target Price (H): HK$59.50 (+18.4%)
No violation of laws by Tongling Conch. In May, Tongling Conch, a wholly owned subsidi-
ary of Conch Cement, received a notice jointly issued by the the Tongling Environmental
Target Price (A): RMB45.10 (+20.7%)
Protection Bureau and Tongling Port and Shipping (Local Maritime) Bureau to suspend the
Price Performance
operations of Tongling Conch Pier. The pier is located inside the Class B reserve at the in-
take point of the Tongling Water Treatment Plant. Since the pier is an important channel for
(HKS)
(HK$ million)
Tongling Conch to ship cement and clinker products to its customers, the suspension of the
pier also led a production halt of Tongling Conch in late May. The suspension order is mainly
due to a special action plan launched by the central government in March, which requires the
clearance and upgrading of Class A and Class B drinking water source reserves. Tongling
Conch emphasized that it had obtained all the necessary licences and that the suspension of
the Tongling Conch Pier was not due to any violation of laws.
Jun-18
Apr-18
Jun-17
Very small financial impact. Although there is no clear timetable for resuming operations,
Source: Bloomberg
we believe the financial impact on Conch Cement is likely to be small. First of all, Tongling
US$31,642m
Market Cap
Conch accounted for 5.52% of Conch Cement's total net profit in 2017. We don't expect the
production halt to last very long. As Tongling Conch is a major taxpayer in Tongling city, we
Shares Outstanding
5,299.3m
believe the municipal government will work closely with Tongling Conch to sort out the envi-
KPMG
Auditor
ronmental protection issues. Meanwhile, Conch Cement has organized inspections and re-
55.0%
Free Float
views of the rest of its production plants along the Yangtze River. No similar situation or risks
exist for its other production plants.
52W range
HK$24.80-50.45
Two factors capping share price performance fading. In the past few months, we men-
3M average daily T/O
US$70.5m
tioned two technical factors affecting the share price performance of Conch Cement: (i) the
Conch Holdings
Major Shareholding
relatively cheap valuation of Conch Venture and (ii) the relatively deep share price discount
(36.78\%)
of Conch Cement-A. These two factors have been fading. For (i), the attributable market cap
Sources: Company, Bloomberg
of Conch Cement/market cap of Conch Venture has dropped from >110% to about 80%
(Figure 2), which is more in line with the profit contribution now (Conch Cement contributed
84% of net profit of Conch Venture in 2017). Therefore Conch Venture is no longer a cheap
Wong Chi Man—Head of Research
proxy for Conch Cement. For (ii), the share price premium of Conch Cement-H over Conch
Cement-A has narrowed from >17% at end-April to currently about 9%, closer to the 3-year
average of 6.4%.
Key financials
Conch Cement (00914.HK; 600585.CH)
Income Statement
(RMB'000, except for per share amount)
Sources: Company data, CGIS Research estimates
Sources: Company, CGIS Research
Key financials
Conch Cement (00914.HK; 600585.CH)
Statement of Cash Flow
Balance Sheet
(RMB'000, except for per share amount)
Finance Ratios
Sources: Company data, CGIS Research estimates
Sources: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Sources: Capital IQ, CGIS Research
Sources: Digital Cement, CGIS Research
Sources: Digital Cement, CGIS Research
Sources: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Sources: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Figure 9: Rolling forward PBR range
Sources: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Sources: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any
jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China
Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing
requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly
or implied) is made as to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past perfor-
mance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regard-
ing future performance. The recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where
necessary consult their own independent financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this
report, such views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings
Limited and any of its subsidiaries ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy Interna-
tional and/or the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report
and its attachment/s and/or any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy
International.
China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies) the securities in respect of which are reviewed in this
report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or more than 1 % of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) men-
tioned in this report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transac-
tions with the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a
position or holding, or other material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
China Galaxy International may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in
issues of, any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or invest-
ment services in relation to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
Furthermore, China Galaxy International may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this
report within the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered
in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or
her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and
Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of
this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies cov-
ered in this report.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
BUY
: share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
SELL
: share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
HOLD
; no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co.,
Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.