There are significant advantages to integrated development, with companies performing well again, the 2022 edition of the North rare earth (600111.sh) report, 27 April 2023.
The annual report for 2022 in the rare soil of the North achieved 37.260 billion yuan, an increase of 22.53 per cent over the same period; net profit on maternity was 5,984 million yuan, an increase of 16.64 per cent over the same year; net profit on deductions from maternity was achieved; production was organized in an orderly manner; priority new projects were advanced, research and development investments were further increased and management was strengthened
R, which makes the efficiency gains significant, coupled with the increase in the volume of rare earth products throughout the year, and the re-innovation of the research assistant Xu Jung-hoon year's business performance. In the first quarter, the company achieved a yield of $9,263 million, compared to the same amount.
xuzhengkun@dgzq.com.cn Development of upper- and lower-middle-stream integration to construct a competitive advantage in the entire industrial chain.
In 2022, the company ' s smelting-smelting blocks coordinated and sequenced production of production, scheduled production of new projects, and year-round production of smelting.
In addition, the production of rare earth metals increased by 16.41 per cent over the same year. In addition, functional materials and application plates increased market openings, producing rare earth materials for the entire year by 6.74 million tons or 2.99 per cent over the same year, of which 38,000 tons of magnetic materials increased by 23.82 per cent over the same year.
Cost advantages continue to be highlighted, and corporate leadership consolidated. According to the company’s April 10 announcement, the company will re-establish the rare earth concentrate supply contract with the steel stock, trading rare earth concentrate in the second quarter of 2023.
The price adjustment was $31030 per ton without taxes (dry, re0 = 50 per cent), while the price of reo was 620.6 per ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/tow/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/toms, while the northern rare earth still accounts for the cost of rare earth concentrates.
The industry’s negative mood is falling, and rare earth prices are expected to rebound. The price of rare earth and magnets has fallen rapidly since then as a result of Tesla’s disposal of rare earth magnets.
The market’s negative mood fades, the rare earth industry returns to the basic logic of improved supply and demand patterns, and the prices of rare earth products are expected to stop falling back. In the short term, the rare earth-long magnetic power plant remains the preferred engine for new energy vehicles, and future demand growth will continue in the areas of new energy cars, industrial power plants, wind power, and so on.
Investment proposals: projects built around integrated development and optimal upgrading, horizontal growth of priority segments, vertical extension of high value added operations in the industrial chain, through optimization of industrial structure, maintenance and expansion (2) low demand for rare earth and magnetic materials downstream
(1) risk of macroeconomic fluctuations; risk; risk of price fluctuations in rare earths; (4) risk of the project being built below expectations;
Risks such as safe production and environmental protection; (6) There may be a policy wind if the country limits production indicators
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.