The year 2022 saw a steady increase in production, with an all-time high of non-ferrous metals and small metals, and an all-time high in 2022. In 2022, prices in rare earth markets fell sharply, and companies increased their volume.
The record performance was 37.260 million yuan in operating income, an increase of 22.53 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $5.984 billion, an increase of 16.64 per 1,000 in the same year. The fourth quarter saw a single-quarter rise in the price of refined minerals and an asset impairment loss of $452 million, investment returns of $277 million, and realization of belonging.
As industry leaders, the company relies on the resources of the Bai Yunbo mine to increase value added, and the company continues to accelerate its industrial “upgrading chain” effort. In 2022, it produced 38,000 tons of magnetic material, an increase of 23.82 per cent.
In the past, the company’s rare earth concentrate purchase price had a clear advantage over the market price, but from the fourth quarter of 2022 the company changed to a quarterly " rare earth concentrate supply contract " with the steel-packed shares, based on price changes in rare earth market products, and in accordance with the formula, the agreement was based on the calculation formula.
In the second quarter of 2023, the price adjustment for the rare earth concentrate trade was $31030 per ton (dry volume, re0 = 50%) (the steel package shares are still subject to decision-making procedures), and the recent market for rare ton carbonate blended with the same grade has a tax price of $3-32,000 per ton.
In early March 2023, Tesla investors offered to make a big impact on the market’s expectations by using earth-free permagnetizers. Then, because of the low demand, the market looked at the three-quarterly review of the North’s rare earth (600111.sh) 2022: robust performance, future.
But the price of the North's rare earth group products has remained strong, at 639,000 yuan per ton in April, a decrease of only 3,800 yuan per ton in January, which is a positive guide to the market. From the North's rare earth (600111.sh)-2022, a positive assessment was given: performance improvement, the second half of the year.
In the medium-to-long term, rare earth as an important strategic metal, reasonable prices in the medium-to-long term will adequately reflect the scarcity of resources. Northern rare earth (600111.sh)-prefinite pricing tends to be marketed, companies still have a lack of capital and reasonable compensation for ecological losses.
"The Northern rare earth - 600111 - Major Events Rapid Assessment: Premium Prices Landed, Performance Growth Unexpected Increases in Company Mining Quotas " , Investment Proposal: Companies are leading companies in the rare earth industry, Quotas continue to grow and are actively promoting higher value added
Products. But due to changes in the daily chain-to-trade pricing mechanism for rare earth concentrates, we have revised the profit forecast downwards. A record high performance in 2022 was expected. In 2022, the market price for rare earth fell sharply, with an average annual price of 82.60 million yuan per ton, an increase of 38.5 per cent compared to the previous year.
In recent years, as demand for the rare earth has grown at a rapid rate, the rare earth mass control indicators have continued to grow, and the quotas have been growing faster as companies have become industry leaders, relying on the resources of the Bai Yun Hoi Bo mine. On 24 March 2023, the Ministry of Trade and Communications and the Ministry of Natural Resources issued the first rare earth mining campaign in 2023.
As a result of the advantages, the value-added of products, the company continues to accelerate the industrial “uplink chain” process, with new achievements in the fields of magnetic materials, waste recycling and the production of 38,000 tons of magnetic materials in 2022, an increase of 23.82 per cent compared to the previous year, and the next step will be to actively increase the production of alloys and the share of high-end products.
The steel packs are the largest and the largest of China’s rarest, particularly large, very rare, iron, sorghum, and thorium complex polymetallic symbiotic deposits, which have been discovered, and which are 35 million tons of oxidizers, more than 80% of the country’s reserves and stable supply of resources. In terms of the structure of the industrial chain,
In the past, the purchase price of the company’s rare earth concentrates had a marked advantage over the market price, but from the fourth quarter of 2022 the company changed to a quarterly rare earth concentrate supply contract with the steel shares, based on price changes in the rare earth market.
Formulas, negotiated, agree on prices and total transactions of rare earth concentrates. In the second quarter of 2023, the price of rare earth concentrates was adjusted to $31030/tonne without taxes (dry, reo = 50%) (the steel pack shares are still subject to decision-making procedures), and the recent market for rare earth concentrates with grade blends of carbonate has a tax price of $3-32,000/t.
In early March 2023, Tesla investors proposed the use of rare earth-free permagnetizers, which had a significant impact on market expectations and led to a sharp fall in the price of oxidation. The demand for low performance, increased market perceptions, and lower market prices.
In the medium and long term, iron platinum is used as a third generation of rare earth ion magnets, which are currently the best-integrated magnetic material, new energy vehicles and energy-saving power plants, which are expected to develop rapidly.
As an important strategic metal, a reasonable price in the medium to long term will fully reflect the scarcity of resources and reasonable compensation for ecological losses. Figure 5: Prices of company rare earth products listed (in thousands of yuan/tons)
Figure 6: Market prices for oxidation and oxidation (millions of yuan/tons) Investment proposals: companies are leading companies in the rare earth industry, and quotas continue to grow and actively expand high-value-added products. But due to changes in the pricing mechanisms for the daily tie-up of rare earth concentrates, we lower the forecast of profits.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject