Keeping an eye on the growth of the company, focusing on the opportunities for back-up investment, putting it in a mix of investment transactions and investment ventures, helps improve the customer base of wealth management and expands the base of the client base.
Institutional service advantages. The stock plan has had a short impact on stock prices, but the company's fundamentals are solid, capital is enriched, it opens up the growth space, it keeps looking at the growth of the company, it maintains its rating, and it recommends closing down the company's fundamentals, its institutional services are strong, and its wealth management base is strong.
Net profits are ranked 12th and roe 7th, higher than total assets. Firm research power provides a solid foundation for institutional services and wealth management assets. Companies not only marketed earlier, but also have sophisticated capital management products, companies and subsidiaries.
This fund is to be invested in two-fold operations, investment transactions, investment ventures, information systems, and compliance controls.
Not to exceed 7 billion yuan, 4.5 billion yuan, 1.8 billion yuan and 700 million yuan. 1) The firm ' s retail customer base environment is favoured by high net-value customers and institutional customers, helping the company attract wealth, manage potential customers, and replenish client shorts in the transition of wealth management. 2) The company says it will be large.
It is expected that innovative license applications and business development will be facilitated through equity fund-raising and a better institutional base of operations, which will facilitate the rapid growth of client-trading operations from the outset, provide more integrated services to institutional clients, consolidate institutional operational advantages and control income fluctuations while expanding the scale.
Short-term stock price shocks or access opportunities. Generally speaking, due to possible short-term spreads of indicators such as pss and roe, company stock prices will decline significantly after the announcement of the advance, and historically, in 2019 to the present period, there were 11 stock allocation plans, with the exception of the booming securities.
Nine rollers' indices were announced the following day, but the impact of the equity plan was mainly short-term shocks, and stock prices were shown several days after the SEC approvals and stock listings.
Similar adjustments, but the impact is much smaller than after the first release of the equity plan.
There is some risk of retreat from the surge. But, given the company’s fundamentals, there is a strong “Employable Securities: Increasing Self-Contributions, Deficient Credit Businesses, Keeping the Company Growing, Keeping Ratings Up, and Recommended Attention to Access Opportunities As a result of the Retreat.
The impact on the industry of the policy introduced by Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd., which nearly doubled its performance on the same date, was more than anticipated; the double impact of market volatility on industry performance and valuation.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations