Quick release of new products, watch for channels to synergize long-term growth, Bulls Group (603195.sh) 13/04/04/2022
• A steady increase in performance in 2021, based on a deepening of the class of good products and channels, leading to performance growth, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of $12.385 billion (+23.22 per cent) in 2021, resulting in a net profit of $2.78 billion (+20.18 per cent) from the mother.
Sub-operations show that in 2021, the growth rate of company power connections/smart electricians' lighting/digital parts operations was faster, driven by the upgrading of doors and doors, respectively. Sub-Currently, in 2021, the growth rate of company b/electrics, we expect a steady double-digit growth at end-c of the line, or as a result of the upgrading of decorated shops.
• Raw material disturbance is evident in the weight of Māori, the ability to maintain relative stability in profitability under high cost control capacity – the introduction of equity incentive schemes that look at long-term developments in new product categories and the deepening of channels as drivers of performance growth – higher expectations, raw material prices affecting short-term Māori rates
The company discloses restrictive stock incentive schemes, targeting 670 people, including senior managers and core cadres, which are expected to enhance the company’s business viability.
Channel upgrades and b-end expansion are steadily advancing, with strong synergies to view new products as driving corporate performance growth. Strong, new energy, led on the fast track - Corporate Information Update - Channels and Classes
Income growth was robust in 2021, light light, electricity for living in fast lanes, steady growth in traditional core industries and rapid growth in new business, and robust growth in the company as a whole in 2021. In 2021, the company achieved $12.385 billion (+23.22%) and in the single quarter, 2021q4 was collected.
Traditional electricity connections and wall-opening operations are growing robustly, light and living on a led, split by business 1.1: Restorative growth, we believe that it is mainly companies that continue to roll out orbital plugs, lifts and drops around household electricity demand
Innovative products such as plugs, according to business staff data, the company Ali converter gmv grew by 23.77 per cent in 2021.In addition, the company actively expanded to the area of distribution of power at the end of the industry and new energy connections, achieving rapid growth since its entry into the new energy charger/barrel category in the second half of 2021, and we expect the company ' s new energy connection revenue to exceed that in 2021.
In 2021, the company generated $5,551 million (+36.9 per cent) in smart electric lighting, driven by a combination of items such as high-resilient fences, led lighting, and household appliances. With this growth, we believe that the company’s main link is a multi-priced, multi-channel development that is gradually yielding results: on the one hand, the company is actively pushing.
Intelligent, high-end decorative switches: On the other hand, the company was active in expanding power suppliers, b-end channels, and in 2021 it established solid cooperation with more than 120 decorative companies across the country through a combination of medium-high and low-stair steps, and launched a special power supplier system with a bright eye performance, which we believe to have benefited mainly from the rapid development of decorated lights and the integration of underline decorated outlets.
In 2021, the company successfully developed more than 18,000 decorated portals, and it is expected that 2021q4 will continue its performance in the first three quarters. Among these, bathhouses, smart door locks, smart dryers, smart chains, etc., have seen an increase of 139.56%, with a high increase in or increased synergy in sales under multi-type layouts.
A 52.16 per cent increase in circuit breakers, mainly due to the company ' s continuous enrichment of the product lines. 1.2, Disbursing by channel: steady growth at the end of linec and rapid growth in end-b and power lines (1) (b) end-of-pipe: in 2021, the company continued its active expansion of the enterprise, engineering project operations and real estate.
In 2021, the growth rate was 175.2 per cent, and we believe that it is mainly the company that is based on a combination of multi-product products and has been fast-tracked to expand the market for garment companies, which, by the end of 2021, had established solid cooperation with more than 120 national and regional companies and platforms.
(2) Electricity lines: In 2021, the company actively promoted a full class, a platform-wide digital marketing strategy and introduced a number of specific line-opening products and new energy chargers to the power channels. In 2021, the rate of growth was 31.82%. According to business staff data, the rate of growth of the company ' s Ali converter and the wall ' s gmv were different throughout 2021.
23.77 per cent, 21.1 per cent, with a stable city share in the top of the industry, in addition to the rapid increase in the share of new energy recharge equipment to the bottom of line (3) (c): the rate of growth at the bottom of the company line in 2021 was about 17 per cent based on b-channels and power lines compared to our calculation of the bottom of c-line, with robust growth, and we believe that it is mainly through the combination of decorative outlets that bring about new growth.
Overall profitability remained relatively stable in 2021, with outstanding operational capacity 2.1. Profitability: raw material disturbance is a source of Maori pressure, profit is controlled and relatively stable.
We believe that this is mainly due to the company's stronger supply chain management and channel management capacity, the consolidation of terminals, and the synergy of marketing and marketing promotion at the higher distribution points. Figure 7: Corporate overall cost rates continued under strong cost control capacity in 2021
Material prices remain high and contribute significantly to the decline in the Māori rate. For the single quarter, the net interest rate of 2021q4 was 17.02% (1) inventory: at the end of 2021, the company ' s inventory stood at $1,377 million, an increase of 74.69% over the same period, mainly as a result of the proactive increase in stock availability at the end of the year to support day-to-day operations.
3 days, reflecting the efficiency of the overall stock turnover of the company, we believe that we have benefited from the company's stronger management of its channels (2) Accounts receivable: as at the end of 2021, the company's accounts receivable amounted to $219 million, representing an increase of 19.21 per cent over the same period. 5.86 days of accounts receivable swing days, a decrease of 1 day compared to the same period, and the ability to make repayments was highlighted mainly by the company's stronger against distributors
Figure 11: The continuing upward trend in the efficiency of the company ' s inventory turnover in 2021 is mainly due to the rise in the price of bulk raw materials and the increase in the volume of purchases. For the single quarter, the net operating cash flow of 202104 was $841 million, corresponding to 18.8 per cent, which we consider to be mainly due to year-end purchases as a whole.
The net operating cash flow of companies is 1.08 times higher than the net profit, and cash output capacity is more stable.
On April 12, 2022, the company disclosed its restrictive stock incentive scheme, which proposes to award a total of 1.55 million shares in restricted stock to 670 company directors, executives, core managers and technical cadres (which represents the public, core cadres and company interests of the draft incentive scheme, with corresponding performance indicators that are expected to motivate the company ' s employees).
Looking ahead to 2022, it will continue to look at the growth opportunities offered by new product types and the deepening of channels: (1) in the core categories, the focus is on the deepening of channels + the intellectual trend driving robust growth.
At the end of the wall, the sunk market +b end market + medium-end high market still has a lot of room for growth. At the end of the product, the company is already smart enough to switch off, smart plugs, etc., and at the end of the channel, the company's business at end B is expanding rapidly, and it is proposed to gradually target it.
Market layout-related products, which are expected to maintain a steady increase of about 20 per cent in the construction of the wall at both ends of the product, channel and channel (2) light operations in the light sector, with a clear growth dividend in the industry, a large and unstructured area in the light industry, a strong entry point, a clear edge in the company's channels, and a strong ability to carry operations dominated by intelligent lighting
Greater growth potential. The second strong synergies + supply chain standardization mitigation capabilities are expected to generate their own alpha growth. For example, standardized production capacity at the supply chain end is expected to achieve rapid diffusion of new products such as headlamps, with a projected high growth of about 30 per cent in light operations in 2022.
(3) In the case of household appliances, there is a strong synergy between the channel side and wall-opening and the sale of led lighting products. The current matrix layout of corporate products is well developed, and with the steady upgrading of underline integrated doors, we expect that the household appliances will continue to grow in high double-digit numbers.
(4) With regard to new energy-connection operations, there is a prospect of rapid growth under the new energy wind, with companies extending their traditional power-connection technologies taking the lead in taking over the electricity market. Rapid layouts have already developed a pre-emptive advantage, with capabilities such as future scalation, tangle-upping, etc., which will be developed together on and below the energy line.
4. Profit forecasting and investment proposals. Sales of new products are less than expected: increased risks of competition in the industry: constant price increases for raw materials, etc.