Events: The company recently released its 2024 equity incentive plan (draft) to award four million shares of restricted stocks to 146 people \triangleright, about 710 million shares of the company ' s total equity at the time of the draft incentive announcement
The Annual Stock Incentive Plan (draft), which is intended to include 4 million shares awarded by the Deputy General Manager, Dai Xumin, the Deputy General Manager and the Annual Incentive Plan, of which 3.387,000 shares are awarded for the first time, 613,000 shares are reserved, and stocks are awarded for the first time (as well as reserved restricted stocks granted before the 24-year three-quarters report) for three belong periods
If the company is awarded restrictive shares after the 24-year three-quarters report, the business income is not less than $4.558 billion each.
The incentive target corresponds to an individual ' s current plan level of attribution multiplied by the individual ' s level of attribution (n), of which n is divided into 100% (excellent)/50% (qualified)/0% (unqualified).
The stock incentive plan (draft) discloses the assumption that the company will grant incentives in early February 2024, predicting that the restricted shares awarded for the first time under this incentive plan will generate a total cost of $7,599.3 million to be amortized, and Yang Dong-Bull
Incentives show confidence in management’s performance. This equity incentive will effectively improve the company’s market competitiveness \triangleright and its capacity for sustainable development in order to achieve the company’s milestones and medium- and long-term strategic planning.
Short-term pressure does not change the long-term development momentum, 400g&800g is actively pushing forward the 1.6t light module product sample testing and achieving 800g bulk production and delivery in the next three years.
The company has established a good cooperative relationship with mainstream producers and users.
Three-year quarterly reviews: overall performance meets expectations, 800g Centre (c&c) recently released 2023q3 Light Communication Market Monitoring Report, ai ' s comprehensive future layout of the PV market - 2023/05/09
The demand has been gradually realized in the 23q3 quarter, and we believe that the demand for 800g/1.6t light modules is expected to rise significantly in 24 years under the trend of increased light transfer efficiency in the 3rd quarter of 2022 of the year when overseas investment in arithmetic infrastructure is set at 4.
Performance exceeded expectations and product structure optimized significantly increased Māori ratio - 2022/10/27 Investment proposal: based on 24 years of overseas Internet-ai facility layout needs, we look forward to a new home economy.
5. New Le Sein (300502.sz) company comment: Equity incentives \triangleright light module client sampling process was less than anticipated and new technological changes in data centre light network architecture were introduced.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.