Gore shares, 2024 net interest rate repair, aai/ar glasses up for release, 2024 annual report, a slight increase in year-on-year revenue, but a significant increase in net profit returns, with a Māori ratio for all major operations
Looking ahead, the ai/ar glasses industry is expected to grow rapidly, driven by i-technology, and the company’s full layout is expected to benefit from the depths.
2.56%, an increase of 1.53 percentage points in the same year. The year-round performance improvement was driven by a rise in consumer electronic terminal demand driven by new technologies, such as i, while firms increased their profit-making performance, leading to a rise in corporate profitability. 2024q4 quarter revenues of $31.308 billion, an increase of 27.13%, a rise in single-quarter revenues since the market was made; net returns to mothers of $32 million, an increase of the same value.
63.23% long; net profit from non-repatriation of $347 million, an increase of 37.132% in the same year; Māori rate of 10.3%, an increase in profitability of 0.28 cents less in the same year. Structuredly, corporate smart hardware business earned 57.2 billion yuan, with 56.66% of revenue, the highest, but the same income fell by 257% and Māori increased by 1.90 percentage points in the same year.
Normal drops in the latter part of the life cycle have led to a decline in the business collection; the company ' s smart sound business revenue of $26.3 billion, or 26.05 per cent, increased by 8.73 per cent over the same period, and the Maori rate increased by 2.73 percentage points over the same period, owing to the healthy growth of the company ' s smart wireless headphone products; and the company ' s sophisticated zero component business revenue of $15.1 billion, or 14.90 per cent over 14.90 per cent over the same period.
An increase of 15.85% in the same ratio and an increase of 1.02 percentage points in the same rate is due mainly to the upgrading of the performance, value, and profitability of acoustic sensor products. According to applications submitted by the controlling subsidiary, Golwa, in the Hong Kong Unit, the business received $326.6 million in the first three quarters of 2024, an increase of 52.17% over the same period.
▪ Looking to the future, a major growth dynamic of the consumer electronics, driven by ai/ar glasses. ai glasses have a unique advantage in user data collection, human interaction, etc., and are expected to be an important vehicle where the technology is located at the end, with greater market potential; ar glasses products, with the active input and facilitation of industry head-manufacturers, have accelerated the pace of product release, and, in turn,
At a time when core parts of the industrial chain, such as optical, display, communications, materials, etc., have also increased rapidly, a new round of rapid growth is expected. One of the most interesting intellectual hardware innovations in the world’s consumer electronics is the use of the i-smart glasses, which, according to the counterpoint research, grew by 210% in 2024, breaking 2 million major doors for the first time;
idc predicts that the global output of equipment is expected to reach 6.9 million in 2028, and that the combined growth rate between 2025 and 2028 is expected to reach about 78%.  The company’s deep layoutai/arglass industry, where the release of a series of new products is expected to accelerate the pace of the industry.
The company Gore Optical, at the 25th photo fair, released the smallest and lightest lcos full colour display of the ar and microled single green resin diffraction wavear display module, which is expected to help the powerar glasses to be truly lightly quantified. In early 2025, Gore Optical released a new full-coloured varnish wave guide showing the turg-e1 module by optimizing the radiator material.
Material and structure, starg-e1 achieves a peak brightness of 5,000 nts, with a brightness of more than 45% and a color difference of less than 0.02%, compared with similar technology programmes that increase by about 50% and 100%, respectively, effectively reducing image color deviations and increasing colour performance; in the case of appearance, starg-e1 uses a single layer light wave lens with a thickness of only 0.7 mm, with a microlled light machine with a volume of less than 0.5 cubic metres.
Me, with a light, small, and excellent optical performance.  Driven by the i-tech, the company’s deep-dressed ai/ar glasses business is expected to become a new growth point in the company’s future, generating revenue and profit, using market prices as a standard on April 3, 2025.
▪ Macro-market risk, risk of relative concentration of customers, risk of exchange rate fluctuations, risk of loss of core skilled personnel, risk management, customs policy driving supply chain risk.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations