The outbreak has caused nuclear power to drop and the wind has increased.
Power generation amounted to 94,350 million kilowatt-hours, an increase of 8.2 per cent from the same year; the number of completed Internet accesses amounted to 89,479 million kilowatt-hours, an increase of 9.5 per cent from the same year.
\triangleright power growth has declined rapidly, from 23.0% to 19.6% in the same month; long-triangular locomotive “off” has caused Jiangsu to lose electricity demand by 11.1% to 4.0% in the same month.
Zhejiang, 2q22 River Sou, the Zhejiang nuclear power plant, has experienced a significant decline in power generation, with a significant incremental contribution from Fuku Qing 6 in the end of the month and 119.30 and 1 q22 in the first quarter respectively. The additional contribution of 2 q22 Qing nuclear power generation has increased by 13.1 per cent and the ring by 40.6 per cent over 1 q22.
\triangleright tiles, which are expected to continue with the surge in sinks. Investment proposal: With the shock of the epidemic, 1h22’s nuclear plate is still generating 87.832 billion electricity.
\triangleright kWh, year-on-year increase of 6.0%, boosts the incremental contribution of new units with electricity demand as the epidemic recovers, 1. China Nuclear Power (601985.sh)
The company’s nuclear power generation is expected to be quickly repaired; wind power generation continues to grow at a high q1 rate, with thin q1 peaks, field landings, new sources of energy accelerating, and sustained growth in performance.
Quarterly review 2022: The value of the measurements has risen and the new fleet has \triangleright methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, independently and objectively presents the report and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.