The annual report 2023 and the first quarter of 2024: a steady increase in civil-military growth and a steady increase in business performance in the best quarter of history: 23 years and a new high in the last five years, with a downward trend in cost rates over the period.
The company's year-round revenue and profit growth were robust, with a marked increase in net profit from non-repatriate products on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to increased profitability of products. The Māori rate (11.08%, +0.26 pcts), with a small increase in the Māori rate, was mainly due to the impact of the relevant national tax reform policies, with additional tax charges resulting from the increase in taxes.
In use (248 million yuan, +14.825 per cent), the same period last year was -18 million yuan, a negative shift from positive to significant increase over the previous year, mainly due to three factors, namely the increase in the size of the interest-bearing liability and the increase in interest-rate costs;
The second is a decrease in interest income on current deposits; the third is a decrease in exchange rate gains. With respect to gains on fair value movements, gains and losses are mainly attributable to market fluctuations affecting the equity values held by your subsidiary Leyang-driven banks in Guizhou.
The company points out that the airline engine's leading business has steadily increased its performance, and the revenue has increased, while the cost of the period has decreased, the tax and the surcharges have decreased.
The increase, which led to a significant increase in civil aviation, was due mainly to lower costs during the period and to lower taxes and additional payments.
Mid-2022: Increase in the share of new products, as a result of increased delivery of travel and employee remuneration. Administrative cost rate (3.58 per cent -- 0.13 pcts), of which management cost increased by 13.80 per cent over the same period, mainly due to actuarial costs for the three categories of personnel, staff remuneration, travel costs, etc.
The financial cost rate (0.57 per cent, +0.62 pcts) is mainly due to a reduction in the financial cost. As can be seen, as the company continues to grow in size, the cost rate for the company ' s life shows a downward trend and the scale effect continues to show.
On the inventory side, by the end of December 2023, a small increase in the inventory was recorded for the same year (29,663 million yuan, +15.27 per cent). At the end of the reporting period, a contract had been signed for the launch engine, but revenue was recognized in 2024, with the rest to be recognized in subsequent years.
There has been a steady growth in the operations of the main battalion, a sustained recovery in foreign trade sub-contracts, a marked increase in the size of subsidiaries, and a marked increase in the size of the company, which has three main types of business, air engine manufacturing and derivatives, foreign trade sub-contracting, non-business, etc.
Aviation products and trade, as a percentage of business, did not significantly change the corporate business structure in 2023, with less volatility. This resulted from the realization of revenue from the company’s aviation engine and derivative operations, increased demand from clients and increased product delivery, and income from foreign trade export subcontracting operations (1948 million).
RMB, +18.06 per cent, with a budget of $1.696 billion completed, 114.86 per cent, mainly as a result of the recovery in the global aviation industry and the increase in export orders; revenue from non-aeronautical products and trade operations ($262 million) - the company ' s main operating income is from the Western Airways Company (the parent company) and the three main mainframes under the flag.
The main operations of the four main mainframe plants in 2023 were as follows:
Air engines were widely equipped with many of our high-performance military aircraft, and companies achieved operating revenues in 2023 ($26,235 million, +19.16 per cent) and, with the acceleration of the military build-up, company operating revenues grew robustly, air engine and derivative operations realized revenue (25,409 million, +19.09 per cent) and foreign trade took place.
The main products of the South are turbo-axis and pistons, etc., which are widely applied to all types of helicopters, the reported revenue from South operations in 2023 (US$ 7,775 million, -0.85 per cent) and total profits.
In terms of the revenue structure, the main products of Leyang are three generations of intermediate-powered aviation engines, and in 2023, the company achieved operating income ($4,908 million, +45.04 per cent), a significant increase in the size of its revenue collection and profits.
In terms of income structure, engine and derivative operations achieved revenue ($4,801 million, overall, the performance of the four main mainframes shows a trend of differentiation, with the parent company, Dawn Division, steadily increasing in size.
In terms of profitability, the parent company and the southern company have remained stable, the dawn company has fallen slightly, Leyang has been under pressure from profit to loss, and short-term performance is under pressure. In terms of R & D inputs, Southern companies have increased steadily, and Leyang and the parent company have maintained a steady rate of growth.
On 8 July 2023, the company announced that it was planning to take over its sub-manager's full capital.
S.A.A.L. Leite Aerial Manufacturing Technology Ltd. (hereinafter L.A.L.L.) implemented a capital build-up to bring in cash investments of up to $400 million in open transactions through title trading agencies.
The company's annual report for 2023 revealed that the company's subsidiary, Leyte, had been expanding its capital for the current period.
Equity, through the introduction of shareholders in open transactions by the equity trading agency, and with the completion of the replenishment, the Department ' s share of Leiter has been reduced from 100 per cent to 71.10 per cent. With the implementation of this replenishment, Leiter ' s product development capacity is expected to be significantly improved, resulting in the manufacture of spare parts from the Ministry of Private Production to the Ministry of Zero.
On 19 August 2023, the company issued an announcement that it had received the completion of a project on capacity-building for the repair of aviation engines by China Aeronautical Dynamics Co. Ltd.
The filing notice marked the completion of the company's Aviation Engine Repair Capacity Building Project, which achieved its construction objectives.
To upgrade existing surface treatment production lines, upgrade the company's surface treatment production and emission levels, adjust existing production layouts by integrating the company's existing aviation engine repair capabilities, replenish some of the critical equipment, build new total repair plant buildings, test vehicle plants and form relatively independent, complete vortexes
The engine majors, while setting aside new vortex engine maintenance capabilities, have contributed well to the development of the country’s aviation engine industry.
Aerial motor technology is a manifestation of the status of the great powers and the combined power of the nation, a strategic high point in modern aviation technology, an essential element of modern national defence and an important part of economic and social development.
Currently, the aviation engine industry is at a stage of new technological revolutions, industrial revolutions and military revolutions, woven and fast-growing, and the world's air power countries have stepped up their deployment and advanced aerodynamic cutting-edge research and have formed a pre-emptive advantage.
The completion of the certification machine, the launch of the United Kingdom ' s aviation zero-emission strategy, unmanned, digitized, electrified, hydrogen, incremental materials, new ideas such as composite materials, new technologies, applications of new materials are rapidly accumulating, the company focuses on the army, civil aviation engines and gas turbines, and they accelerate their catch-up.
In the case of military aviation engines, the direction of self-adaptation rings, turbo-based combinations of hypersonic power, full-power propulsion systems, etc. In the case of civil aviation engines, according to the annual forecast report of the Chinese commercial flight market (2022-2041), by 2041, the country sailed.
The market for empty engines will be worth $352.2 billion. The company, as the core supplier of commercial aircraft power in our country, will speed up seaworthy forensics and commercial success with the production of large domestic passenger aircraft and feeder passenger aircraft, which will drive the production of civil aviation engines into the company’s backbone.
As a result of the changes in the profile and the country’s strategic objective of “doubt carbon,” the demand for gas turbines has increased, the company will enter a new period of historic opportunity. As the only country that can develop a full spectrum of vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, piping, etc.
The company using the aircraft engine is the only platform in China to be listed as a whole, and will benefit from the depth of the country’s air power development cycle. In 12023, the company’s operating income grew by 17.89% over the year, with net profit from the non-repatriation of the mother and Biti.
The rise was evident, the cost of the period was further reduced, and the effect of scale was evident. At the same time, the company had ample hand orders, laying a solid foundation for future corporate development.
The company's overall operations are expected to expand further with the expansion of the subsidiaries' operations and the significant increase in the size of Leyang's collection, which will be used for future R & D-motivated batches, and the successful completion of the three company build-up of Leite's shareholdings and the successful introduction of external shareholders.
The construction of a special line for the production of civil aviation engines to meet the long-term requirements for the production of national civil aviation engines, while the successful launch of the project for the collection of funds, the Capacity Building Project for the Repair of Aviation Engines, will effectively upgrade the means and capabilities for the repair of aviation engines.
Four companies, leading the air engine industry, and the only ones in the country that can develop the entire spectrum of military aviation engines, such as turbojets, vortexes, vortexes, vortexes and pistons, will benefit in depth from the gold cycle of development of the domestic aviation engine industry, which is needed in the military and civil aviation markets.
China’s “two-track” drive is expected to benefit in the long term. China’s military-industrial team: a large military-industrial research team in the capital market, based on the strong military-industrial shareholders of the aviation industry group, conducts military-industrial research, serves the military-industrial industry with military-industrial qualities, strives for foresight, depth, systems, and comprehensive coverage of all areas of the military-industrial industry, serves a second-tier capital market, and develops good interaction and deep cooperation with the regulatory, industrial, capital-sector, etc. of the military-industrial industry.
This report is not about any area, country, or other area under whose jurisdiction SAC and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
A person or a resident. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese security unless otherwise indicated.