ul rities Centre for Research on Innovative Technologies and Business Services
On May 12, the company announced a round-up of $1.84 billion, an increase of 17 per cent in the ring, and an increase in the price of crystal round workers at the point of growth. While the Māori rate was higher than expected, the company announced a lower than expected net return.
The profit was only $447 million, an increase of 181 per cent over the year and a 16 per cent decline in the ring, mainly under the Government’s globalfoundries/Warison ring growth guidelines, which, while falling to 37-39 per cent, were in line with market expectations.
Consumer electronic chip inventory adjustment time frame: while the center core international benefits from national production substitution, domestic customers 1. Central core international performance rating - up to “buy-in”, over-profit industry, higher-than-expected profitability.
The high number of months spent in the design of the customer inventory will be a risk for the company in the second half of the year or 2023. We previously reported in the country’s quarterly reports of gold in 2021 and in the first quarter of 2022 that domestic chip design clients had a quarter.
Stocking months are 6.5 months, with 22% ring increase, 74% increase on the same year, while the second quarter is affected by the sealing of some of the downstream assembly customers. Domestic design clients are expected to be particularly exposed to consumer electronic chip stocks.
We'll keep an eye on the inventory adjustment cycles of the central core international and domestic chip design clients, but we think that the U.S. Department of Commerce risks expanding the embargo and closing down production.
The country's rising interest rate has invested in technology, the Russian war has demand for electronics, and domestic clients have stocked more than months of shaoguangyu@gjzq.com.cn zhaojin1@gjzq.com.cn
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment