On December 7th, 2020, the plant data validation industry, ddr5 increased prices or exceeded expectations.
In the short term, there has been an improvement: the monthly data loop has risen, the industry has been validated, the Taiwan manufacturer has released the November collection, the November collection of 228 million new currency dollars, and the ring has grown.
21%, an increase of 1.7% over the same year, but not the same as the company’s product, but the same server industry has a certain correlation between its volume of shipments. Observing monthly data shows that the company’s number is similar to the number of letters, and its time nodes are about one month apart: Camp 8/9/103
In our view, due to the onset of the epidemic in the first half of the year, the market has high expectations for servers, to the extent that the suppliers in question are overprepared and the stock in the industry is at a high level by the end of the second quarter, so that customers in the industry in the third quarter are in a state of de-stocking. For the fourth quarter, we believe that the stock is in stock.
The behavior is over, and monthly data from Shinzo have confirmed our judgment. In the short term, the company is on the verge of a marginal improvement, and four quarters of performance is expected to return to the average of two or three quarters.
Pcierettimer is currently a product that is expected to be more consistent in the market, and we expect its cpu to be used on a large scale to contribute to the company's revenue;
The price rises, with the server area multi-point layout 2020.11.05 at a rate of 4,800 mt/s compared to 3200 mt/s at ddr4gen2pus plus 30%, so there is a view in the market that the price increase is 30%. We think it's real.
"Study of the Dollar Securities Corporation - Incendiary Science and Technology" (688008): Short-term disturbance, with price increases likely to exceed market expectations. Reviewing the price increases of the ddr4 sub-generations, changes to long-term increases, and conglomerate comprehensive development 2020.10.30.
By 2017, when gen2plus was first on the market, the sales price was 1.7 times greater than that of 2.0 for the same period, and because of the relatively slow rate of decline due to the relatively strong demand for entry, the average sales price in 2018 was 1.9 times that of 2.0, whereas gen2plus3200mt/s was transmitted at a speed of transmission.
He was only 10% higher than the 2.0 2933mt/s, and the price was much higher than the speed of transmission. So, in our view, the price increase is not dependent on the percentage of the speed increase, but rather on the competitors.
The performance comparison, and the outcome of the business negotiations between upstream and downstream producers. We conclude that the ddr5 price increase should be no less than the Ddr4 sub-generation increase, and the single chip increase is expected to be greater than the market expects.
Apart from the increase in the price of a single chip, the number of chips available for a single memory module could be significantly increased by: asp: dddr5lrdim using a "1+10" structure, adding 1 db, so that companies could supply the analog chip required for the ddr5 memory module, including pmic, spd,
The combination of monochip price increases, the increase in the number of usable chips, etc., and we believe that the company's supply of individual memory module products is expected to increase significantly, and, in an optimistic scenario, the single memory module has a long-term layout: “High Performance Calculating + Full Interconnection” layouts contribute to long-term growth.
Based on its leadership in the field of inland storage interfaces, the company has gradually expanded the production of new products, positioning the “high performance computing + full interconnection” layout within the server: in terms of high performance computing, the company's current main layout product is the capture server platform and the ai reasoning chip applied to cloud-end servers.
cpu has introduced a second-generation product, and the development of the ai reasoning chip is proceeding in an orderly manner; with regard to connectivity, the company ' s current products include memory interface chips and pcie retimer, and it is expected that more will be produced in the future in a variety of data communication areas within the service provider.
The current market misperception of companies is mainly that their products are small in size, which we believe has some limitations: from the point of view of memory interface chips alone, their market size will increase with the introduction of each new product generation; from the point of view of layout, the market for corporate products will accompany each new product.
The introduction of products has increased, for example, the Zink server platform, simulation chips, pcierettimer, ai chips, etc. As long as the company is still engaged in large-scale research and development, it is likely that more new products will be introduced in the future, thus raising the ceiling of the company’s development.
Recalling the growth factors in the performance of companies in the past few years, which have been applied on a large scale since gen2plus in 2018, where market demand for servers has fallen short of expectations; and 2) dddr5 unit price increases have fallen short of expectations;
3) dddr5 sets of simulation chip unit prices are not as high as expected; 4) dddr5 penetration rates are not as high as expected. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces the present report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.