On October 30, 2020, the short-term disturbance continued to increase, with a sense of unity and comprehensive development.
The company issued its third quarterly report for 2020, which achieved a gross sales income of 1,468 million yuan, an increase of 6.08 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of 878 million yuan, an increase of 18.06 per cent in the same year, attributable to the shareholders of the parent company.
The revenue for the first three quarters of 2020 was in line with expectations, the short-term disturbance did not change the long-term increase, the company's performance was in line with expectations, the short-term downturn in server sales in August/September, and the company's performance in the third quarter of the single quarter showed a slight decline. But the short-term disturbance did not change the long-term upturn, and the company was firmly in possession of the internal chip interface area.
Market value in circulation (millions of dollars): The leading position, coupled with a full distribution of the server market, made a breakthrough in the first three quarters of 2020 in the development of new products such as the x86 processor (Save Zhan), pcieremiter, and the cloud locomotive a chip.
Now that the 5g network is built, and the technology to unblock the cloud, we believe that server demand will continue to grow in recent years, with the prospect of a steady year-round growth in revenue collection. With high profitability, industry has a significant advantage.
For more than a decade, the company’s deep-deep deep-dry interface chip market has been one of the three largest players in the market. The company’s Māori ratio has been stablely high in recent years, at 70.51% in the third quarter of 2020, well above the rest of the market.
Its ddr5 memory module packages are expected to complete production in 2020, and its development is expected to go on the market in tandem with ddr5. The ddr5 releases offer both opportunities for industrial growth and the double benefits of market monopoly pricing positions, which are expected to generate a new wave of growth for companies.
"Study of the dollar securities company -- building technology (6880808): The demand for downstream applications is strong, the server area is a bit more well-placed, the server is back to the top, and the ddr5 era is going to be a big boost.
The size of the server market is expected to continue to grow strongly in recent years. Intel and amd will also launch a completely new upgrade in recent years.
The company focuses on the server area, and is actively pursuing a two-fold increase in the size of the market, and captures the server platform.
The strategic layout of the same-mindedly diversified product is expected to fully benefit from the benefits of the growth of the server market. In addition to the memory interface chip products that fit the server memory module, the company is also working hard on the capture of the server platform series, pcieretamer, and the ai reasoning chip.
The device platform is now officially available, pcle 4.0 retimer is expected to start production next year, and the ai reasoning chip for the cloud server Hershey is under intense development.
With a wealth of experience and market resources in the field of instrumentation, a diversified product layout can help to tap deep into the potential of the market and maximize synergies between products. Companies, as domestic industry leaders, will give priority to benefiting from national production substitution and maintain an “upscaling” rating.
1) Downstream development is less than expected; 2) technology development is less than expected; 3) client outreach is less than expected. Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to consult on portfolio investment, produce this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. I am committed to reporting using data from compliance channels, analytical logic based on author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.