Short-term performance has not changed long-term trends, and new products have been introduced. Companies have published three quarterly reports for 2020: 1,468 million won in the first three quarters, an increase of 6.08 per cent over the previous three quarters.
The net return to the mother is 878 million yuan, an increase of 18.06 per cent in the same year; after the elimination of the impact of the share payments, q3 returns fell, net profits fell and overall profitability remained high in the industry. The company q3 returns 379 million yuan, a decrease of 25.00 per cent, and the net return to the mother is $276 million, a decline in the same year.
This expenditure has resulted in a decrease in the volume of goods delivered by the server; it is also affected by the cost of the share payments. The cost of the shares paid by the company was $167 million in the first three quarters of 2020, with an impact on the net profits attributable to the shareholders of the listed company of $152 million (considered the impact of the related income tax costs).
The company officially released the second generation of the cpu on 14 August 2020 at 2020cite. Compared to the first generation of products, the second generation of the cpu has increased significantly in performance, with its highest number of kernels rising from 24 to 26, the largest.
In addition, the second generation cpu integrated deep learning accelerator techniques, strengthened cpu's ai training and reasoning capabilities, and better met the server market for cpu.
In 2019, the company completed a slide of the pcle 4.0 retimer microchip project sample, and in the first half of 2020, it began the production phase with a further expansion of cloud computing and data centre product layout.
On September 16, 2020, the company announced the successful production of the pcle 4.0 retimer chip series. The company's pcle 4.0 retimer chip collection uses advanced signal modem techniques to enhance signal integrity and increase the effective transmission distance of high-speed signals.
Departure. With the mass production of the pclé 4.0 retimer series of chips, further expansion of the product layout in the cloud computing and data centres, using the market price as standard on 29 October 2020, will also bring new growth poles in the company ' s performance.
The impact of the epidemic on the global economy; the unanticipated expansion of the catch platform; and the underdevelopment of new products.