Super-expected performance, n-type productivity growth, and a steady overseas layout.
zhanghan3@cfsc.com.cn iuodx@cfsc.com.cn billions of yuan, 55.65 per cent increase in the same year and 13.48 per cent increase in the ring; net return profit achieved
▪ 2022 out of expectations, with a continuous increase in single-watt net profit of $70,345 million in sales of photovoltaic components, an increase of 78.27 per cent over the same period; group with about 58 per cent overseas and about 35 per cent in distribution; and component sales
The overall profitability of companies is expected to continue to improve in the face of an increase in 2.53 pct and a quarterly increase in corporate profitability, a decline in net interest rates from q1 prices for silicon and maritime transport, and an increase in the share of non-type products and United States market orders.
▪ Vertical integration capacity continues to increase, with product type n being phased in, and by the end of 2022, the company ' s components produced nearly 50 gw, silicon and battery capacity about 80% of the component ' s capacity.
New projects, such as 20gwchips project II, 3.5gw batteries in Viet Nam, 5gw batteries in ivu, 1.3gwtopcon batteries and 2.5gw components in compost, are well under way, and new projects, such as 20gwchips, are progressing as planned.
By the end of 2023, the company's components will be more than 80gw, silicon and batteries will be about 90% of the component's capacity, of which the N battery capacity will be close to 40gw.
The pool conversion efficiency is as high as 25.3% and will continue to be optimized. At present, the average premium for the n-topcon component is 0.05 ~ 0.15 yuan/w, with the company industry leading to the Topcon layout, is expected to fully benefit from the new technology dividend.
In 2022, companies earned 291.72 and 145.90% of their business in Europe and the Americas respectively. Focus on the United States market, although there are still open customs clearances for photovoltaic products.
There's some pressure, but in the long run, the US market is better off with multiple factors, such as the ira Act stimulus. In addition to setting up 4gw integrated capacity in Vietnam, the company has started building 2gw components in the US to meet US local supply, scheduled for 2023.
Photovoltaics do not meet the expected risks; upstream supply of raw materials risks; foreign trade policy vulnerability risks; exchange rate fluctuations risks; large-scale systemic risks.
Experience, with emphasis on photovoltaics, wind power, and storage energy.
Rodithopus: Master of Arts, European School of Higher Business, and two degrees in Energy and Power Engineering and Finance, Xian University of Transport, in the direction of new energy sources.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.