The company will build 2gw photovoltaic component capacity on the mainland of the United States.
The company will go to the U.S. plant to build 2gw component capacity: according to the U.S. Bureau of Commerce, Arizona, on January 10, local time, Crystal Austrotech announced that it had rented a manufacturing plant in Phoenix, Arizona. The plant will produce high-performance photovoltaic products, which are expected to be in 2023.
In the fourth quarter, it became operational, creating more than 600 new jobs. The new plant invested $60 million in highly automated assembly lines to produce high-efficiency solar panels for commercial and residential applications, as well as utility roof applications.
Overseas integrated supply capacity has been further strengthened, and assisted cities have been further enhanced: according to company announcements and our statistics, the company now has 4gw silicon, 5gw battery and 4gw components overseas. As the U.S. local component capacity is further released, the company has integrated offshore production.
More than 5gw can be added to the supply capacity. Currently, the US double counter-investigation clause and the Auplfa Act restrict the export of domestic components to the United States, but the US market is relatively close to home-made photovoltaics, of which the ira Act plans to start a photovoltaic project in the United States by 1 January 2025.
In our view, the company’s ability to build components locally in the United States is expected to facilitate the successful delivery of goods from the United States market, and the global share of cities is expected to increase further. Companies are expected to earn more from high-profit markets, and profitability is expected to increase: due to policy constraints.
According to pvinfolink, as of 11 January 2023, the U.S. market had an average price of 182/210 mmperc components/w. The U.S. market is profitable when the prices of the components are high.
It is hoped to take the lead in reaping the excess gains and profitability of the high-profit market in the United States. Competition for component prices is more than anticipated; the risk of price volatility of raw materials; the risk of trade barriers abroad; and the glimmer of light, Crystal and Austrotech, 2022101.
Policies fall short of expectations; risks from new technologies overlap; the impact of the new crown epidemic is over-expected.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations