Crystal Austrotechnics (002459.sz)
The period rose by 76.72 per cent; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $5,533 million, an increase of 171.4 per cent over the same period in the previous year. The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, net of non-recurring gains and losses, was $5,557 million, up from the previous year.
The policy of “Reducing Emissions” has contributed to a boom, with global “equal-cost access” to photovoltaic power generation, with a network of corporate marketing services reaching 135 countries and territories around the world, with 13 marketing companies established in major countries abroad.
Increased market expansion has led to a return to a record high in the output of corporate battery assemblies, 39.75gw (including self-held power stations of 672mw), of which about 58 per cent are overseas, and distribution of new production capacity is on schedule and n production capacity is on track: by the end of 2022, the output of corporate components was close to 50gw.
The silicon and battery production capacity is about 80% of the component capacity. During the reporting period, the 10gw crystals and slices (the 20gw chip project, phase II), the 3.5gw battery in Viet Nam, the 5gw battery in the U, the 1.3gw battery in the Ningin, and the 2.5gw assembly in the compost were successfully produced, increasing the production capacity of the chain in an orderly manner according to the company ' s future capacity.
By the end of 2023, the company’s component capacity is expected to exceed 80gw, and silicon and battery capacity is about 90% of the component’s capacity. Based on its own R & D advantages, the company has developed a number of market-friendly new products.
Battery technology, high-density component containment technology developed autonomously, and high-efficiency encapsulation materials, with outstanding advantages such as high power, efficiency, reliability and high power generation capacity, with a maximum power of 78 versions up to 625w, assembly Zhang Wenchen
The conversion efficiency of 22.4% is about 2.1% lower than the cost of the deepblue 4.0x component of the main p component, and the cost of lcoe is about 4.6% lower, creating higher value for customers.
By the end of 2023, the company’s N battery capacity was expected to reach nearly 40gw, and the company would have taken steps to move towards the N-type route and set the pace of industry’s development. Investment proposal: Industry loads have continued to rise since photovoltaic prices, and we believe that the global demand for photovoltaics remains stable.
The high growth of the velvet, the reasonable distribution of the company's productive capacity and the availability of adequate global channels will fully benefit the development of the industry.