The company published its annual report for 2022, with a revenue of $72,989 million in 2022, which is a year-on-year increase.
In 2022, the company battery assembly came out of \triangleright.
In terms of capacity, by the end of 22, the component had a capacity of nearly 50 gw and by the end of 23, it was planned to produce more than 80 gw, silicon and battery production with a capacity of about 30% of the component capacity.
\triangleright (percium) battery conversion efficiency of up to 23.9 per cent; the latest mass production of the n bycium battery conversion efficiency of up to 25.3 per cent, based on high silicon-based heterometry technology
In addition, in 2022, the company launched a series of back-to-back, mine and stack cell technologies to maintain core competitiveness.
The new generation of n components, Deepblue 4.0x, could be reduced by about 2.1 per cent and lcoe by about 4.6 per cent compared to the cost of deepblue 4.0x components in the mainstream p. The company ' s active layout of n-type capacity was planned to be the company ' s n-type battery production by the end of 2023.
To build productive capacity in the United States to speed up the global distribution. Companies take advantage of their global market marketing networks and brands to further expand their market openings.
At the same time, the company is actively developing an integrated overseas production capacity, which currently has silicon tablets, batteries, assembly capacity 6/6/6gw, and has decided to invest $60 million in a new manufacturing base in the United States, with 2gw production planned for the fourth quarter of 2023.
The launch of Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. helped to circumvent United States trade policy restrictions and enjoy high premium market dividends in the United States.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company to collect \triangleright, 9th House of the City of Beijing West Side Street, 2023-2025, respectively.
Risk factors: photovoltaic demand does not match the expected risk: company capacity expands less than expected risk: n-type technology capacity expands less than expected risk.
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in charge of research in the new energy vehicle industry, which was responsible for research in the photovoltaic industry. Hu Ying, Assistant for Research in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Financial Engineering, People ' s University of China, Bachelor of Financial Engineering, Wuhan University.
Research assistant for the military engineering team of coupons, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the wind power industry, a former assistant for research in the new energy and electrical equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, and in 2022 for research in the new electricity system and electrical equipment industry.
Chen Jie, team member, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 to study the lithium electric materials industry. Part of this is unsatisfied, unsatisfied, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.