Increased profitability is more than expected, the integrated layout is continuing, and there is a high volume of re-innovation in the crystallization technology (00245.sz) components.
The additional installed capacity of the Vol market is expected to be about 230gw, yoy+35.3%, and the company will take full advantage of its global market marketing services network and branding advantages, further increasing market openings, leading to the production of the company ' s battery assembly to an all-time high.
The Māori ratio has improved significantly. Solarzoom data show that at the beginning of 2022, the first-line manufacturer was specialized.
The price of the secret material was $230/kg, up to a peak of $307/kg in September, after which high-level operations were maintained, signs of loose movement began in late November, the response was quick in mid-December, and the profitability of the components was at a time of concern, according to Solarzoom data, since 2022.
Since April, the gross profit of the components as a whole has been negative, but only negative at the end of December. The company’s profitability has increased. The company’s financial costs in 2022 have been significantly reduced and its capacity for integrated production has been increased.
These projects meet the strategic needs of the company’s future productive capacity planning, facilitate vertically integrated industrial chain layout, meet market demand for efficient products, and continuously increase market share and profitability.
Production capacity will exceed 80gw, silicon and battery capacity will reach about 90% of component capacity. Investment proposal: The bright market is promising, the company is a global, well-known high-performance photovoltaic manufacturer with a strategy for industrial chain integration, and silicon will benefit fully into the drop week in 2023.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. (Christensen) The state headquarters of Arizona and the Beijing branch, working as a customer director for financial counselling (ir) and marketing.