Crystal energy (688223.sh) Growth of capacity, increased profitability and year-round performance increased steadily, with significant growth in the fourth quarter. 40.570 billion yuan was collected throughout the year in 2021.
(+20.5%) with a net profit of 1.140 billion yuan (+9.6%) to the mother, of which $16.3 billion is collected in four quarters alone, of which 9gw is earned in four quarters alone. Non-net interest earned in four quarters amounted to $0.024/w per year, followed by an increase in quarterly deliveries in four quarters. Single-watt profits continued to be repaired.
+86.4%; net profit from the parent is 40 million yuan (+66.4% for the same year). The 2022q1 component sales strategy promotes a more balanced regional structure of corporate income.
On the one hand, the gap in battery production capacity has been filled, increasing the share of battery to component capacity from 54 per cent at the beginning of the year to 80 per cent at present and reaching more than 90 per cent by the end of the year, reducing the uncertainty that companies are better able to cope with international trade as a result of extracting battery; and on the other hand, the N ratio has risen.
N-topcon is advancing steadily and continues to build on the pre-existing advantage. The company's current 16gw n-topcon production line is still in the climb phase, with a 24.6% yield conversion efficiency.
The Division will invest in the n-topcon production capacity of Fat Two 8gw, and future new battery production will focus on the n-tpcon, highlighting the company’s confidence in the n-topcon route. The diffusion of new technologies is not as fast as expected; the new production capacity is not as productive as expected; and the risk of outbreak and trade friction
Investment proposals: raise profit forecasts to maintain a “growth” rating. Given the speed at which firms expand, production capacity is expected to improve by the end of the year, output of the type n is going well, with an upward increase in profit expectations for 2023, with a projected $1 billion (same-32.9 per cent), a steady growth in corporate performance and a significant increase in the amount and share of non-recurring returns.
The main non-recurring corporate gains and losses are: assets disposal gain and loss of $360 million (in 2020 - $510 million), government subsidies of $760 million (in 2020) to take into account current gains and losses, and exchange rate hedging operations with a significant increase in profits during the quarter. Companies achieved operating income of $14.68 billion in the first quarter of 2022, a year-on-year increase.
Increase of 86.4%; net profit of 40 million yuan to the mother, an increase of 66.4% in the same year; net profit of 30 million yuan to the non-net gain, an increase in the same year figure 2: single-season operating income (billion yuan) and equal-season acceleration (right axis) from the crystals energy component in 2021, 22gw, 22q1 sold 8gw. In 2021, the company achieved 22.2gw to the components.
Figure 6: Quarterly sales of components (gw) of crystals energy are returning seasonally. Due to the sharp rise in raw materials, the depreciation of the dollar, maritime constraints, overseas epidemics, etc.
The impact is that the company ' s non-net profit (net profit/asset delivery) for 2021 was $0.024 for the whole year, and the profitability began to recover. From the quarterly data, the company ' s non-net interest on the dollar rose quarterly from 2021q3 to $ 2022q1 is restored to $0.037. It is expected that in the second half of the year, the company ' s own non-net profit/component output will be released with the company ' s own non-topcon battery.
By the end of 2021, the design capacity of the company ' s silicon, battery, and component components was 32/24.5/45gw, respectively, as at the date of disclosure in the quarterly report.
There are four changes in the capacity of the company: one is a rapid expansion in size, with an increase in capacity at the end of the year for each of the three links at 72/124/33/0. The other is the filling of the capacity gap in the battery, which accounts for the matching of the capacity of the component, the technical route, and the company ' s future production of the new battery, which is mostly non-topcon, further consolidating the public.
The Division has a pre-eminence in N-type technology. Fourth, it has completed a vertically integrated layout of silicon to components in South-East Asia, with 7gw silicon in Viet Nam and 6.3.7.1gw in Malaysian battery/component production.
The country’s operating income is $8.8 billion, or 22.3% of the principal business income, an increase of 4.8 pct over the same period; North America’s share of revenue is relatively high, and the share of domestic business increased in line with the company’s regional development strategy as the country entered full price parity. North America’s share of business fell significantly from the second half of last year, with 2021h1.
28.6%, 2021h2 is 9.1%, and at the end of March this year, the United States Department of Commerce began a counter-circumvention survey of photovoltaic products imported from four countries in South-East Asia, adding uncertainty to China's component enterprises' exports to the United States.
Prior year. Net interest rate changes were similar to the Māori rate. The overall fall in the cost rate for the period was 2.2% for sales (-0.5 pct) and 7.2% for contract performance (+0.2 pct); the management cost rate 2.8% (+0.3 pct); and the financial cost rate 2.6% (-0.2 pct).
Increased per capita efficiency as a result of the gradual realization of production, the completion of production, and the expected decrease in management costs. Figure 13: Crystal energy period cost rate. Corporate net cash flows increased steadily in 2021, 32.3 billion yuan (+28.7 per cent) in 2021, and financing flows
In terms of operational capacity, the company ' s inventory turnover in 2021 decreased by 0.9 per cent in the same year; the fixed asset turnover rate decreased by 2.7 per cent in the same year; the accounts receivable turnover, 1.4 billion commodities in stock, 1.5 billion commodities in semi-finished goods, and 500 million commodities in the distribution period.
The photovoltaic sector is high, with a compound increase of more than 20% over the next three to five years. Crystal energy itself has an N-topcon technology card advantage, which adds up to a market and expands output faster than the industry.
Investment recommendations: increase profit forecasts to maintain an “enhanced” rating. Year-end schedule: financial projections and valuations. Author's assurance that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, with reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author