Crystal energy (688223): Quarterly single-watt profitability boosts up, battery capacity expands up (for the first time)
Chrysotile Energy Bulletin: 1) The company achieved business income of 40.570 billion yuan in 2021, an increase of 20.5 per cent in the same year, a net profit of 1.140 billion yuan in the same year) and a net profit of 400 million yuan in the same quarter, an increase of 66 per cent in the same year.
Net non-repatriation profits of $30 million, an increase of 288 per cent in the same year.q1 increase in the profitability ring, q4 realizes a net return profit of $420 million, an increase of 46 per cent in the same year, excluding net return.q1 increase in profitability, q4 realizes a net return profit of $420 million.
With a profit of 240 million yuan, the company ' s q4 component is about 9.7gw, with a single-watt profit. The company ' s component is about 8.03gw, with a single-watt profit of about 5 cents, a non-single-watt profit of 3.7 cents, a ring increase of 1 point/w, and an increase in profitability.
In our view, the main reason for this is that the company’s 7gw production in Viet Nam can be brought into production in the first quarter of 2022, and the company owns the industry’s leading vertically integrated capacity overseas. Topcon’s capacity is fast-paced, relying on technology’s leading edge.
The company began to invest in topcon production lines in 2019, and in 2021 the company made a breakthrough in research and development in the n-topcon area, resulting in efficiency gains in battery production.
24.5% of components yield a maximum output efficiency of 22.3%, a good rate close to the perc battery product, and the company's production of 16gw high-efficiency n topcon battery lines in Anhui and Zhejiang Heining, respectively.
The current terminal is more accepting of the n-topcon components, especially overseas. The company, in collaboration with Hizborg, layouts the topcon laser microdeficit route, by means of a direct upscaling.
Stopcon production line efficiency, which is expected to lead to a clear upscaling path for future company topcon battery line efficiency, is further demonstrated by the advantage of traditional products. By the end of 2021, the company had a single crystal silicon production capacity of about 32.5gw, with a battery production capability.
24gw, with a component capacity of 45gw. So far, the company's battery capacity has reached 40gw, the battery shortboards have been replenished, and the level of integration has improved.
1) Upon the production of the Viet Nam silicon silicon with the An engraved and Zhejiang Heining battery, the company has increased its physicalization: 2) premium on the topcon battery ' s lead, which is expected to reach 35-40gw this year, of which the N-type topcon component is delivered up to a maximum of 35-40gw
By 10gw, the N-topcon ratio is expected to increase further next year; 3) after the company returns to the market, a source of finance is expanded and financial costs are reduced.
Area-based local marketing teams, with 33% of sales revenue. With the energy crisis abroad and the rising prices of pa electricity, we look forward to the rise in demand from overseas, and the company is expected to take advantage of the N-type advantage through its overseas channels.
In March, the company announced its intention to build a 30gw single-crystal bar line in Sinning, and to invest 24gw photovoltaic high-efficiency components and 100,000 tons of aluminium. In April, the company announced its intention to build a new high solar power with over-financing.
The second phase of Battery Phase 8gw, an annual production of 20gw latte cut-off construction project, the company's overall capacity to expand faster, and we're looking at the future of the company in terms of capacity, products, channels, and so on.
Photovoltaic demand is not as high as expected: topcon new products are not as popular as expected: new energy delivery is not as fast as expected; the risk of double reverse and anti-absorbtion in the United States; big disk systems, corporate strategy and six years of new energy research experience.
Zhang Xiang, Head of the Electrical Equipment Unit, Master of Financial Sciences, Bachelor of Science, Shanghai University, 4-year studies in the securities industry, directed towards photovoltaics, wind power, storage energy, etc.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific advice or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.