\triangleright 23/04/2022 \triangleright
Among these, non-profit gains and losses are mainly government subsidies and exchange gains and losses. The volume continues to rise, and profitability increases rapidly.
Goods 9.7gw, close to double q3, and single-w net ring ratio up. And according to the company's first quarter industry, Dun Yongkang, the global layout of globalization, vertically integrated production, both at home and abroad, is moving fast.
Yes, for 21 years, the company has accelerated the completion of battery short-forming panels, and had 32.5/24/45gw silicon, battery and component capacity by the end of the year. The company’s capacity continues to advance and is expected to form 40+gw silicon, 40gw (of which 16gw is Topcon), 50gw components, one by the end of the year 2022.
Twenty-two years q1 plans to build 30gw monocrystal bars, 24gw high-efficiency photovoltaic assemblies, and 100,000 tons of aluminium. Meanwhile, the company’s 7gw silicon mill in Viet Nam is officially in production, which will form the manufacturing capacity for vertically integrated production of silicon-cell-assembly components overseas, and global supply chain advantages are further consolidated.
The n-topcon is going well and is expected to raise profitability. The pre-emptive advantage of company n \triangleright is to make products more competitive while allowing companies to enjoy the premium of new technologies. Companies are countries.
In 2019, the company invested in the first-line component manufacturer to produce a mass release of the n-topcon product.
The laboratory N single crystal cell efficiency of the company reached 25.4 per cent in 2021, with the company producing 8gw toncon capacity in January/February of this year, and has achieved a steady yield efficiency of 24.6 per cent. The project is well under way and is expected to complete production in May/June, respectively.
Pow, the company is expected to deliver Topcon over 10gw in 22 years.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.