Platform-based power plant taps, storage energy plus accelerated growth of off-grid operations
1. An accelerated expansion of electrical equipment, with new off-grid market + storage operations expected to open up a new growth curve
Intranet operations: Investment in grids has accelerated for the benefit of electricity grids, investment in power grids is expected to accelerate during the “14th Five-Year” period, with increased access to new energy sources driving investment on the grid. We expect to reach more than 40 billion in 2023, with more than 40% of the company’s main product offerings. With technological hard power, the company’s share of all products has risen steadily, with a combined electrical output rising by 2.8 pct.
Development of 800 kvgis products, isolation switch upgrades of 2.2 pct, transformer upgrades of 0.4 pct. 3. Out-of-grid operations: benefiting from accelerated construction of new energy sources in the domestic market, rich and thin foreign markets, well-placed domestic market products, benefiting from high growth in the new energy sector, companies are expected to continue to improve their product earnings and profitability as a result of incompetence to compensate domestic leaders;
Fifteen miles abroad, 2023h1, with more than 20% of overseas market revenues, and a return to pre-epidemiological levels, with Māori at 32.3% continuing to lead. We believe that corporate overseas products and channels are highly recognized and cost-effective, and that corporate overseas business expansion continues to move out of Alpha.
By the end of August 2023, the company launched a series of energy storage products, including station-level and large-scale industrial and industrial storage products, mainly in the domestic market; and home-based light storage products in overseas cities. By acquiring the carbon-crystal power, the company integrated energy and short-term storage areas through its resources. As the company’s electrochemical storage capacity rapidly moves in, super-cube products continue to expand in the areas of automobiles and short-term storage, we believe that the company’s new business is expected to open up a completely new growth curve.
Risks of deteriorating patterns of competition in industry, poor expansion of overseas markets, less demand downstream than expected, three decades of platform-type power plant taps, one or two complete equipment layouts
Intranet operations: accelerated investment in the beneficial power grid, increased power-contributing cities by technology Outline operations: improved layout of the domestic market, rich and thin overseas markets, new business: storage operations sailing from 1-n
Company profile: Thirty years of platform-based power plant taps, one or two years of fully configured equipment Introduction: Think-source electrical is a 30-year platform-based power facility flagship in the deep-farming industry, with full product coverage of one or two items. Main camp operations include switches, coils, non-service compensations, smart equipment types, epc operations and new storage energy operations; one includes switches and coils, and the second includes equipment.
The company was established in 1993 and successfully developed products such as an on-line detector, accelerator, accelerator, etc. in the 1990s, entered the high-pressure field in 2002, developed a successful sensor and successfully placed a deep-seated business in 2004.
Inputs, expansion of product categories, implementation of the Gis research and development project in 2007, establishment of the Thinking Energy Electric and Electronics Company Ltd. in 2008 into the area of incompetence compensation, entry in 2009 into the area of relay electrical protection and smart transformer stations, entry into high-capacity storage and distributed power sources in 2011 into 1,000 kv voltage levels, entry into automobiles in 2018, electronics, transformer products, and entry into power semiconductor devices in 2019. Acquisition of carbon-crystal supercharges in 2023, energy storage
A series of new products released on the track: full layout of the company ' s products, 30 years of private transmission to power transmission, one or two complete configurations of the equipment
Corporate profiles: The largest share of switches and coil products, with new reserves expected to become new growth points The product structure of the company is well-structured, covering one, second equipment, epc and new storage options. In 2022, the company achieved a gross operating income of $10.537 billion, yoy + 21.18 per cent. Of these, the largest was the switch category, which achieved operating revenues of $5.035 billion, yoy + 25.33 per cent, and the coil and related products generated revenues of $2,231 million.
Yoy+26.07 per cent; uncompensated categories and related products earn 1.328 billion yuan, yoy+16.30 per cent; and smart equipment and related products earn 943 million yuan. Table: Switches and coil products account for the largest share and storage of new business is expected to become a new growth point: company revenue structure 2022
Corporate profiles: the largest share of products in the switch and coil categories, and the largest share of products in the coil and coil categories are expected to be new growth points Continuation: the largest share of products in the switch and coil categories, and the new source is expected to be new growth points Corporate profiles: the Chairman of the Board, Tianping Technical Origin, and the creation of enterprises that make transmission and distribution safer, manageable and efficient
Chairman of the Board, Tsehei Tianping Technical Origin, which creates enterprises that make the transmission and distribution of electricity safer, more controlled and efficient. Chairman Tsai Ping, who graduated from Shanghai Transport University in high voltage, has a scientific history and is now studying the European School of International Commerce and Industry, ba. In 1991, he worked as an electrician at the Xu State Department of Mines, Chairman of Shanghai Xinxuan Electric Company Ltd., General Manager of Shanghai Xinxuan Electric Company Ltd., General Manager of the Company, and is currently Chairman of the Company, Member of the Shanghai City Council, Committee of the Shanghai City Youth Federation of Shanghai City.
Corporate competitive advantage: 1 development strategy: focusing on the transmission and distribution sector, from a single product at the time of its establishment to a provider of multiple products and solutions such as one-time equipment, secondary equipment, electrical and electronic equipment, general contracting for engineering (epc); 2 customer resources: cross-product sales and customer service platforms that provide integrated one-stop services to clients; 3 technology leads: as of 2022, companies had authorized 765 patents, of which 283 were patented and new and functional patents were created
The company has 134 copyrights for software. It was recognized as the National Enterprise Technology Centre in 2022.
Founded Shining Electric Co. Ltd. August 2006-March 2008 as Director General of Shining Electric Co. Ltd.
In November 2013, he resumed his post as Managing Director of Xingen Electric Co. Ltd. Equity analysis: good corporate equity structure, rich management industry experience, good corporate equity structure, and good management industry experience. Xingen Electric is primarily a senior executive member.
Ping, Vice-President Chen Bang-dong, who is acting in concert with General Chen. Many executives of the company have a high level of education, management experience and skill.
Equity analysis: A two-tier appraisal of equity incentives to stimulate team and individual dynamism On 1st of the month, the company issued a 2023 stock options incentive scheme, which awarded registrations to 21.96 million stock options and a flat price of $45.40/stock. The incentives included the company’s director and deputy managing director, Yang Xinghua, the deputy managing director, Yang Sheung, the deputy general manager, Zhang Liang, the secretary-general and chief financial officer, Yang Cheol-hyun, and 473 core management technicians.
The indicators are divided into two levels, performance appraisals at the company level, and individual performance appraisals at the individual level. The net profit growth rate is evaluated at the company level, based on net profits in 2022, at 35%, 50%. In addition to performance appraisals at the company level, the results of the comprehensive appraisals for each of the years in which the incentive subjects are tested are rated according to the relevant provisions of the company ' s current remuneration and appraisals, and, provided that performance appraisals at the company level have reached the trigger value, the incentive person is actually able to exercise his/her rights during the year = the amount of his/her planned authority for the year in question x the percentage of his/her rights at the company level per year.
Table: Two Levels - Individual Level Requirements Table: Two Levels - Corporate Level Requirements Financial Analysis: Performance exceeded expectations in the first half of 2023, with Māori earnings rising at almost three years of high growth
In the first half of 2023, the growth rate of Māori income was nearly three years higher. The speed of investment in the grid and the expansion of the company’s offline svg+ overseas business was good, and the performance of 2023h1 was good, and we believe that the company’s performance is expected to continue to improve. 2023h1, the company’s operating income was $5.3 billion, yoy+22 per cent; the net profit of the mother was $700 million, yoy+48 per cent. The income from the switch class was 2.630 billion, yoy+9.2 per cent; the coil income was 1.1 billion, yoy+28.1 per cent; and the non-payment category was $760 million, yoy+80 per cent.
Financial analysis: Māori ratio of 2023q2 and net interest rate hikes have led to a significant improvement in financial indicators for the first half of the year.
Financial indicators for 2023h1 have recovered significantly, and are expected to continue to improve with scale effects in the future. Since the company’s headquarters are located in Shanghai, the overall financial indicators for 2022 affected by the epidemic are bad.
Intranet operations: accelerated investment in the beneficial power grid, increased power-contributing cities by technology Outline operations: improved layout of the domestic market, rich and thin overseas markets, new business: storage operations sailing from 1-n
The speed of grid construction was accelerated during the “14th Five-Year” period, with new energy access accelerating by billions of dollars, and two major grids combined planned to invest more than $3 trillion. This was significantly higher than the 2.57 trillion yuan in the “13th Five-Year” period and the 2 trillion yuan in the “12th Five-Year” period. On January 11, 2023, the President of the National Power Network, Sing Xin, said that the national network was expected to invest more than $52 billion in 2023, a further increase in its historic height in the first half of 2023.
New energy access at the source has increased the speed at which investment in the grids has accelerated. As the capacity of new energy sources has increased significantly, investment in the grids has become more pressing. Compared to investment in the grids, more cross-regional coordination is needed. The impact of the epidemic has slowed down progress in recent years, with an annual investment in the grid of $501.2 billion in 2022, an increase of only 2.66%. Figure: grid investment acceleration in 2023: grid investment has lagged significantly behind the increase in electricity investment; grid construction has accelerated: national grid transmission equipment tender of $50.3 billion in 2022, compared to 13% in 2022, with the most significant increase in transformers.
In 2022, the national tender for grid transmission equipment was 50.3 billion yuan, or +13 per cent; the most significant increase was in transformers, which was +54 per cent, or 24 per cent. The increase in transformers was significant in the national tender project in 2022, which was 54 per cent more than in the previous year, for a total of 12 billion. The combined electric appliances, capacitors, electrical resists, circuit breakers, isolation switches and overall industry tenders increased at a similar rate, at about 13 per cent, with a lower rate than in the industry.
Figure: Comparison of tenders for grid transmission and transformation equipment for 2021 and 2022. 2.2 Intra-firm operations: In 2023, the bidding rate for major products of the national grid transmission and transformation equipment company was expected to increase by more than 40 per cent, with a steady increase in the share of all products, and in 2023, the bidding rate for major products of the national network transmission and conversion equipment company was expected to increase by more than 40 per cent.
From 2021 to 2023, the country's main grid transmission and transformation equipment won the bid for companies: the share of technology hard power companies in the winning share of all products in the network has risen and the share of technology hard power companies in the winning share of all products in the network has risen. We believe that companies are strong in technology and are expected to do so in the future in the context of the accelerated bidding process for power grids.
In 2023, the company won 14.2% of the bid for one to four batches of electrical appliances in the national grid, up from 2.8% in 2022. Combined appliances are technology-intensive electrical equipment, barriers are high, companies report a breakthrough in core company technology in the company’s 2023 company, successful in research and development, promotion of 800kv grade gis, and the company’s excesses in hard technology.
Figure 11.4% of the company ' s share in the national grid transmission and transformer mix in 2022
Figure: Companies ' share of bid in grid transmission and circuit breakers 2022
I'm Tan Dong Tae-kai, Dalian Northern Sensor Group, Dalian Second Sensor Group.
Figure: The company won 12.69% of the grid transmission counters in 2022.
• Xianxi Electric Power abb Bidding: a steady increase in the share of the winning bid for each product
Figure: The company ' s share of 21.18 per cent in the 2022 grid transmission to the arcs of electricity loss.
Figure: The company ' s share of the grid transmission capacitors in 2022 was 16.1%.
♪ Cianxi Electric Combs ♪ Nanry Group ♪
Three decades of platform-type power plant, one or two fully equipped network operations: accelerated investment in the beneficial power grid and an increase in technology-hard power cities
Out-of-grid operations: improved layout of the domestic market, rich and thin overseas markets, new operations: high-flying storage operations, super-clerometers from 1-n domestic markets: corporate off-grid operations cover the full range of products, new energy demand is growing faster for uncompensated equipment.
The company’s off-grid operations cover the full range of products, and uncompensated equipment benefits from a faster growth in new energy demand. The company’s off-grid market covers the full range of company products.
The company’s incompensatory products are powerful and are expected to lead to a rapid increase in revenue. 20231, the company’s incompensated products earn 770 million, an increase of 80.3% in the same year; and the gross interest rate of 22.06%, an increase of 1.34 pct in the same year. According to the new fluorescent book, congenial electrical brands are highly effective, marketable, and recognized by their customers, with a number of industry-led core technologies, are now in the forefront of the industry.
Figure: China ' s high-pressure svg market size forecast 2022-2026 (millions of yuan) Overseas market: 15 years since it was cast for quality and slogans, with a high order revenue Division operating overseas in 2009 for equipment exports and packages, which has accumulated for 15 years. Companies ' overseas operations have benefited mainly from the direct sale of gis, ais, and electric transformers.
The Department’s overseas operations are balanced, with regional layouts divided into Africa, the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Central Asia, and South-East Asia. With full liberalization in 2023, we believe that companies’ good delivery capacity and product quality will be increasingly trusted by their clients, and companies are expected to increase their continuing orders.
Figure: The growth rate of corporate overseas operating income has been steadily upwards over the last three years: there is a significant upward trend in the number of new overseas orders issued by companies Overseas operations: the income ratio has increased, and the Māori rate is higher than that of counterparts
Compared to the level of corporate profitability, the Māori rate for Thought and Electric overseas operations continued to be higher than for others, with a Māori rate of 2023h1 as high as 32.3 per cent, indicating a high level of corporate recognition of offshore products and channels, favourable cost controls and good prospects for corporate overseas business expansion out of Alpha.
Thirty years of platform-type power plant, one or two well-placed network operations: accelerated investment in grid-beneficial power grids, rising power of technology, off-grid operations: improved layout of domestic markets, thick and thin overseas markets.
New business: Repository operation sails, super-powers from 1-n storage: New energy reserves are industry fundamentals, and the medium- and long-term market is expected to lead to higher yields. New energy reserves are industry fundamentals. Each of the country’s provinces and cities require new energy generation projects to be connected to the Internet with a certain capacity ratio of storage capacity, with a 5-20% ratio.
According to the Xinhua Hydropower 3.2gwhh Storage System Collection Project in March 2023, most of the imported suppliers are industry heads, the lowest bidder is not rounded up, and the highest price for solar power is placed in three columns. We believe that, as storage standards and regulation of the web continue to improve, the owner will
In the medium and long term, the market is expected to increase in real terms, taking into account additional factors such as safety, services, full-cycle costs.
The economics of the shared storage capacity continues to increase, with the ideal share-irr reaching 17.4 per cent, as the share-revenue model continues to enrich and the cost of upstream storage systems decreases, with the share-resort economy being measured in 1mw/2mwh storage system: 1) the share-in-the-stock market arbitrage of the power spot market, where the share-in-charge will generate the difference in the price of the power spot market, without the cost of transmission and distribution and government funds and additions, assuming that the difference is 0.7 per cent on average in 2022.
RMB/kwh. 2) Capacity lease income, shared storage capacity to lease capacity to a new energy power station to obtain rent. We assume a capacity lease price of $300/kw. 3) Capacity compensatory income, shared storage capacity to provide capacity support for the power system, and we assume capacity compensation of $0.14865/kwh on the basis of the Shandong market. 4) The yield result is that the project electricity cost is only 0.53 yuan/kwh, irr can reach 17.4 per cent of the static recovery period of 5.2 years.
Table: Ideally, 1mw/2mwh stand-alone storage project irr could reach 17.4% storage capacity: Peak Valley power prices continue to increase and business reserves are expected to reach zero-1 opportunities, with a focus on business storage zero-1 opportunities. According to our calculations, the cost of electricity per project for the entire life cycle of the storage power plant is approximately $0.53/kwh.
At the same time, the country’s frequent power restrictions in recent years have had an impact on the normal production of business enterprises, and it is expected that the emergency needs for business storage will be highlighted. According to Cnesa, in 2022, only 4.69% of the country’s consumer side savings were added and netted.
Reserves: Large domestic and business reserves are ready for deployment, with households moving into the European Oceania market Business layout: station-level and large business-repository products dominated by the domestic market; household-based run-off products dominated by the overseas market. Product development: station-level stocks were launched at the August China International Reserves Fair in Suzhou and built up “msec”, “sec”, “minutes”, “small”
Timescale’s multi-temporal energy product solutions that cover the side of power generation, the side of the network, large businesses and households. New products are now ready for testing, qualification, and tender conditions.
Industrial chain layout: energy storage equipment companies are self-sufficient, except for the storage of energy cores. Figure: The 2023 swatten exhibition covers regions such as Europe, Oceania, South America, etc.
Swatten focuses on inverters and household storage systems, and the markets in Europe and Oceania are expanding rapidly. Swatten products include single and three-phase hybrid inverters, machine racks, walled and simple stacked household storage systems, which cover Europe, Oceania, etc.
Table: swatten product certification covers areas such as Europe, Oceania, etc.
The main products are the double-coated super-voltage (edlc) and hybrid super-voltage (huc) and the location of cars and storage energy. In July 2023, the Thought Source Electrical Bulletin, using its own funds of about 910 million yuan, held a shareholding of 70.42% of the ClKC company, became shareholders in the company.
By January 2023, the company was able to deliver nearly 300,000 vehicles. The carbon is used as tier1, tier2, and 60%-70% of the items in the car super-container market are corporate products.
The company's super-clerical product covers a “second-minute” application, and edlc solves the problems of turning inertia and single-frequency, and Huc solves the problems of second-frequency. The pre-crystal carbon storage application captures several demonstration projects in the country and the 50mw power level commercialization project of an international company in Europe.
Subature batteries, high-power storage devices and systems, such as super-volcanics, with a total estimated annual sales value of about $5 billion in the postnatal period and about $10 billion in the post-natal period in the second phase. Superconductor: Think-source condensed carbon energy, three decades of platform-type electrical equipment in power vehicles and short-term storage, one or two full equipment layout.
\langle2\rangle Intranet operations: accelerated investment in the beneficial electricity grid and higher power of technology cities Outline operations: improved layout of the domestic market, thinness of overseas markets
New business: Repository business sails, super-voltage forecast from 1-n of the company ' s main business blocks. The key operational assumptions are as follows:
Switches: company products are mainly combined appliances, circuit breakers and isolation switches, and we expect company revenues to grow faster as domestic industries increase and go out to sea, coils: company products are mainly transformers, sensors, electrical resisters and neutral point equipment, etc. We expect companies to grow with domestic industries and uncompensated products such as overseas transformers: company products are mainly svgs and capacitors, high-speed growth in industry demand based on increased access to new energy sources, and the company reports revenue increases in 2023h1
Storage capacity: based on the continued high profile of the energy storage industry, the company's operational reserves and improved presentation of energy products, and the overall engineering contract: 2023h1 has strengthened the four-stage management of the project and better controls the cost of safeguarding profits. The company's total engineering contract for 2023-2025 is expected to accumulate a high volume of electricity transmission and distribution, the network is expected to grow at a steady pace with the industry, and the off-grid is expected to expand faster with new energy and overseas expansion: storage and energy operations are expected to grow at a faster pace.
Three decades of platform-type power plant, one or two fully equipped network operations: accelerated investment in the beneficial power grid and an increase in technology-hard power cities
Out-of-grid operations: improved domestic market layout, rich and thin overseas markets, new business: high-sleeved storage operations, risk of deteriorating competitive patterns from 1-n industries
Downstream demand is not as high as expected, overseas markets are not expanding as expected.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d.