New Le Sein (300502.sz) A quarter of re-innovation in net Māori interest rates, with a focus on benefiting from major csp numeracy investments 23 May 2025
In the first quarter of 2025, companies continued to grow in relation to the ring, with higher levels of profitability and innovation. 2025q1, companies achieved $4.05 billion in revenues, plus 264.1 per cent and +15.2 per cent in relation to the ring, and net return to mothers, $1.57 billion, all of which were newly high in recent years and were at the forefront of the industry.
High-end high-speed product share increases, while Thailand’s capacity climbs successfully leading up the Māori rate ring ratio.
The company’s downstream customers are mainly directed to the major csp manufacturers in North America, and according to the consistent expectations of the factset, base data: combined or comparable capital expenditure for the four big csps in North America (Amazon, Google, Meta, Microsoft) in 2025.
Thirty-seven percent rises to $305.5 billion. Of this amount, the latest Nitro-v6 web card was released on re-event 2024, with a speed of 400 gbps, and the switch with it is expected to be upgraded to 800 g port. Meta also showed its latest ai network structure at ocpsemmit 2024 and with it dsf
Accompanied switchboard, Meta indicated that its data centre had started to deploy the 2*400gfr4 light module on a scale, and, with regard to capacity, the company Thailand Plant Phase II was officially operational in early 2025 and is currently expanding, Go Wooyang
In 2024, the company’s spot-to-point module still had a book value of 350 million yuan in construction work, mainly construction, installation of high-speed module production lines, etc., or related to fast-growing production in Thailand II. With regard to inventory, 25q1 companies are still in stock.
The book value of the goods was $5.46 billion, an increase of 262.8% and 32.3% respectively in the same ring, reflecting a strong demand for delivery. The company worked well with mainstream chip suppliers and pre-positioned production capacity to achieve supply.
Chain stability and cost advantages. For example, the company introduced the second generation 1.6to and osfp-rhs light modules in the ofc2025, using 3 nmdsp, reducing overall power consumption by about 20%. In the same period, Bo released bcm 83628, leading the industry 3 nm200g/channel pam4phy chip, showing that it had been able to do so.
The company works closely with Bobon on the state-of-the-art chip.
The central interconnectivity module will focus on the expansion of hyperscaledci and the completion of project design and validations; The associated technology luminescent module positioning 80km, 120km and 400g at longer distances, which is now complete; the design was accepted and accepted; in 2024, the company also developed 800g high-speed aec copper cables, which is now complete.
In the domestic market, the light module of the company ' s home-grown chip has entered the small-volume production phase, with the company ' s domestic market revenue of $1.84 billion in 2024, a significant increase of 266.0 per cent over the same period, and the company has become an important player in the domestic arithmetic market.
\triangleright cost of capital in North America in the context of increased tariffs or aiinfra upgrades; downstream expansion
Competition patterns deteriorated as customers introduced new suppliers; quarterly changes in inventory costs and product structure led to fluctuations in net interest rates for the Māori rate; firms ' research and development layouts in new areas such as cpo, oio were less than expected resulting in technology forecasts and valuation data aggregations in financial statements
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.