Technology reserves are abundant, profitability is high, the demand for arithmetic basic hardware continues to flourish, high-speed product consumption is more profitable than an uplift, income end, the demand for arithmetic basic hardware is continuing to flourish, and light module technology pathways are moving up a little bit.
The product matrix covers a multi-speed, multi-structured, multi-material, high-speed product share significantly optimizes the corporate income structure. At the profit end, the Māori rate increases and rates stabilize at a lower level. 1) With respect to Māori, the BD ' s high-speed product ratio rises, costs are optimized by scalding and fine-tuning production process management, and companies optimized.
R & D costs increased by 20.138 per cent to 403 million yuan over the same period, contributing to the progress of a number of projects such as the high-speed rate, the Silicon Light Module, and the Communications Sector Strategy Report 2025 of the National Dollar Securities Industry Study: The Altruding Light Module and the Ipo.
There are plenty of technological reserves and the overall scale of overseas plant capacity is further expanded. The corporate product matrix covers a number of applications, such as telecommunications and data centres.
Light module supply for a small number of countries with bulk delivery capacity of 100 g, 200g, 400g and 800g compared to upgrades, cost control leading by 2024.04.25. New Leakhouse has successfully launched 400g based on the vcsel/eml, silicon light and membrane lithium silicate programmes,
800g, 1.6t series of high-speed light module products, and 400g and 800gzr/zr+ associated light module products, and 400g/800glpo module products based on 100g/lane and 200g/lane.
In China, the company, as the first company in the industry, announced the launch of an innovative 800g linear-drillable (lpo) transceiver, with a high score of the 2024 Lightwave Innovation Award. Meanwhile, Thailand’s second-stage production capacity has been delivered, and risk exposure under international tension has been controlled to some extent.
As the industry’s leading supplier of light modules, companies will benefit from an expansion in arithmetic demand with sufficient technological reserves, rich customer resources, and a cost-control lead. We expect that in 2025-2027, companies will earn a share of business income.
Increased friction in international trade, ai hardware demand and deployment at a slower pace than expected, and risk of macroeconomic fluctuations The Hong Kong market benchmark is a constant index, the United States market benchmark is a pamphlet 500 index or an NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer criteria) and the North handout benchmark index is a North 50 index.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts