Communications Group Sustained rapid growth in performance, with new light modules like lpo, aec, etc. becoming a new point of view
Business income of $4.052 billion, an increase of 264.13 per cent over the same period; net return profit of $1,573 million.
The company’s performance, Māori rate, and net profit rate have been further enhanced by the rapid increase in the delivery of high-end products such as 800g, as well as by sustained efficiency gains. The company’s strong demand for the Māori high-speed light module in 2024 will drive the company’s performance to continue to improve:
Lightning projects that 800g in 2025 will be more than 400g in the market size of the hypernetic module. With the rapid import of the high-speed light module, the overall market size of the 800g and 1.6t light module is expected to be more than $16 billion in 2029.
According to the company announcement, the company ' s 1.6 t module has completed various samples of the project, entering into a small batch production phase. The high-speed light module demand will drive the company ' s performance to continue.
The release of new light modules, such as lpo, aec, is expected to lead to higher corporate performance and profitability: Lightning projects a small deployment of 200 g per channel for the lpo program in British Weidelberg in 2025. qyresearch projects the global market size of the lpo module in 2029.
680 million dollars. Cloud service providers are actively promoting asic design, aec being the preferred way to connect with the aec, which is expected to boost demand fully. Lighting predicts that the high-speed cable market will reach $2.8 billion in 2028.
The company has made sufficient reserves on the side of the lpo and aec-related products, and is expected to open a second growth curve for the public sector, leading to continued high growth in the company’s future performance.
Capital expenditure for major offshore plants is not as high as expected; trade frictions between China and the United States have escalated; products have been reduced precipitously; more services have been cleaned up; and an analysis of the rates of the relevant reports in the market has been made.