25q1 performance exceeded expectations, and the demand for the ai-driven high-end light module increased \triangleright quarterly, yielding $4.052 billion in a single quarter, an increase of 264.1 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net return to the mother
1573 million yuan, an increase of 38.45 per cent in the same year, a net profit of 1,569 million yuan in non-return to the mother, a growth of the same year, driven by a steady increase in ari-driven numeracy-side investment by downstream customers, which continues to push up the demand for high-end modules. Camp 2024, split by region, 1) abroad: $6.805 billion in 2024, an increase of 162.3 per cent in the camp.
Ma Tianjian is operating, and the Thai factory is currently in a sustained expansion phase with sufficient productive capacity.
\triangleright performance is over-expected and high-level product acceleration support is achieved
The upgrading of the core has benefited from the optimal product structure brought about by the `ai ' , while the front-line layout has been strengthened to take full advantage of the development opportunities of the `ai ' : this year ' s ofc 2025 show, 2. New Lei-Hin (300502.sz) semi-annual review in 2024:
\triangleright ai drives high performance and significant profitability gains - 2024/ The company has introduced a number of new products that further enrich the product matrix in the frontier areas.
200gvcsel ' s 1.6 tosfp2vr4 light module, which reduces power consumption by about 30 per cent of 1.6tlro light modules, and the global first 800g light module, which supports multi-core fibres (mcf), which directly connects mcf, thus providing a four-year, one-year, rating: one-quarter performance exceeding expectations, Māori ratio
A significant simplification of the multi-core fibre-optic layout of the data centre. It also includes a full reset of the second generation of 3 nmdsp chips to upgrade the significant 2024/04/24 1.6tosfp and osfp-rhs light modules, which are based on a 3nmdsp-based module design that can reduce overall power consumption.
4. New Escorts (300502.sz) Equity Incentives: Equity Incentives to show corporate confidence, 800g/1.6t is in high demand Investment Recommendations: While companies are strong in the field of light modules, deep binding of overseas head manufacturers
3-quarterly review 2023: Keeping the focus on the breakthroughs of new clients and keeping the cutting edge of the technological field deep, companies are expected to continue to benefit from the growth in demand for high-end light module products brought about by the ai. We expect the company to return its net profit in 2025-2027.
\triangleright missing, risk of tariff policy change. Methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.