21 September 2020 Event: announcement of the Company ' s Shareholder Return Plan for the next three years (2020-2022) issued on 19 September, except for the company ' s major financial expenditure arrangement or its approval by the Shareholder Conference
In the coal industry (601225.sh), he had a significant special case in which the company distributed dividends on a cash basis when the profits were earned and the accumulated undistributed profits were positive, and the profits distributed in cash each year were not less than 40 per cent of the distributed profits realized in the same year and not less than 4 billion yuan.
On 19 September, the company issued a bulletin on the public issuance of plans for convertable corporate bonds, and the total cash-earning capacity of the company to raise convertable corporate bonds for a six-year period is expected to improve gradually, with three-year shareholder return plans setting a lower cut. In 2019, the company ebitda earned 34.38 per cent, the net operating cash flow was $19.2 billion, the free equity cash flow was $13.5 billion and the cash flow was strong. As of 2020, the debt ratio of H1 assets was only 39.73 per cent and was on the public market in coal mines.
The company announced that it would issue three billion yuan worth of convertable bonds to finance the construction of the mine and the coal-selection plant.
Based on the company ' s 2019 level of net profit of about 144 yuan/tonne of raw coal and the company ' s 60% interest in S.B.I., S.P. II., it can contribute to the postnatal phase of the 2019 report of the Sanxi Coal Industry (601225.sh): the net return profit of 1.1 billion yuan, or 12.35% of roic. The company has repurchased 305 million shares in the previous period, which are currently held as stock holdings, and the company plans to transfer investors in the future.
The stock can be increased by stock shares, which are insufficient. According to the proposed transferable stock of $3 billion, if the transfer price is higher than $9.83, the inventory is reported as a special issue in the Sãoxi Coal Industry (601225.sh): the equity advantage of resources can cover fully the stock transferred, and it will not be spread. If the final transfer is at $9, an additional $28 million will be required, which is only an increase over the current $10 billion.
The company ' s sustained viability and strong competitiveness 2020.04.15 The company is in a period of endogenous growth in coal production, with a clear competitive advantage in resource endowments. Currently, Siaobao mine No. 1 (15 million tonnes/year) and the Yuan beach mine (5 million tonnes/year) are on a climb-up phase, while the under construction mine No. 2 (13 million tonnes/year) is expected to be operational by the end of 2020 or early 2021, while the red willows are expected to be operational by the end of 2020 or early 2021.
Forest and coal mines, among others, are also gradually increasing their production capacity, and companies are now in a period of endogenous growth. Moreover, companies have high-quality resources and high-yielding capacity. They have 16 billion tons of coal geological reserves, and they can harvest 9.6 billion tons, ranking third among the listed companies.
The company has the second highest ranking; and its coal resources are characterized by low ash, low sulfur, low phosphorus, high heat (about 6,000 kcals) and are high-quality power, cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing.
Chemical and metallurgical coal use. Due to the quality of the resources, simple mining techniques, and high profitability, the company Roe (weighted) reached 9.34% in the first half of the year, which is significantly higher than the average for head-to-head coal companies and industries.
Future growth potential, maintaining the company’s “buy-in” rating. Equity catalytic factors: illicit production of coal mine governance is over-expected, new capacity is released on schedule, Monhua Railway is on track, etc. \triangleright \triangleright
Risk factors: Large macroeconomic slowdowns and risks to safe production; Dr. Zhok Ming, China Mining University (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineer, member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation ' s expert bank, member of the China Xinda Operations Audit Advisory Expert Bank, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (chaired), research advice in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, and revision of the coal industry technology policy
Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, General Institute of Coal Scientific Research, and Master of Business and Industry Management, People’s University of China, five years of experience in the coal industry. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017, with the Sunda Secondary Market Coal Sunda Securities Equity Company Ltd. (hereinafter “Suda Securities”) with the qualifications for the portfolio of portfolio investment approved by the China Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.