The ring ratio rose by 10.57 per cent; the net profit from the mother was 2,630 million yuan, or 15.05 per cent less than the same year, or 11.63 per cent more; the net cash flow from operating activities was 2,688 million yuan, compared to the second quarter of the year, when the company increased its coal production by the same year. In the first half of 2020, the company produced 5.97 million tons of coal, representing an increase of 4.27 million tons (7.95 per cent): sales were 10,58.8 million tons, or 28.5 million tons (36.87 per cent) more than the same year: 56.5 million tons of self-produced coal were sold, or 3.83 million tons (7.27 per cent) more than the same year:
In the first half of the year, the company released its capacity, restructured, etc., and reported in 2019 that: Performance instruments reduced efficiency gains in all aspects of the chain of operations, moving towards the financial “daily clean-up” through measures such as strengthening the two-ten-year budget management system, treasury management and so on.
The total cost of coal is $194.62 per ton. minus $11.51 per ton (5.58 per cent) per year. In the first half of the year, the company lost $14.123 per ton per ton of coal.
The company is in a period of endogenous growth in coal production, and there is a clear resource endowment. Siao Bo is currently uphill in the production capacity of mine No. 1 (15 million tonnes/year) and the Yuan Beach mine (5 million tonnes/year) and is expected to start production at the end of 2020 or early 2021, while the Red Willows coal mine and the like have a capacity of 9.6 billion tons, ranking third among the listed companies. The service span is over 70 years; the current and demonstrated capacity is 114 million tonnes/year, in the listed companies.
The company’s coal resources are in second place; they are characterized by low ash, low sulphur, low phosphorus, high heat (about 6,000 kcals) and are high-quality power, chemical and metallurgical gold coal. Because of the quality of the resources, the mining technology is simple, profitability is evident, with the company Roe (weighted) reaching 9.34% in the first half of the year, significantly higher than the head comparable Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The average for coal companies and industries.
Profit forecasting and rating: As downstream recovery accelerates, recovery recovers, coal prices are rising steadily, company capacity for new production is steadily released, company profitability is rising, stock prices are driving factors: illicit production of coal mine governance is exceeding expectations, new capacity is released on schedule, Monhua railway is on track, etc. \triangleright is on track, etc.
Risk factors: Large macroeconomic slowdowns and risks to safe production; Dr. Zhok Ming, China Mining University (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineer, member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation ' s expert bank, member of the China Xinda Operations Audit Advisory Expert Bank, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (chaired), research advice in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, and revision of the coal industry technology policy
Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, General Institute of Coal Scientific Research, and Master of Business and Industry Management, People’s University of China, five years of experience in the coal industry. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017, with the Sunda Secondary Market Coal Sunda Securities Equity Company Ltd. (hereinafter “Suda Securities”) with the qualifications for the portfolio of portfolio investment approved by the China Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.