Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) Media/Internet Media Newtimesecrities Users, Link People and Wealth
The fast-growing financial giant of the Internet, the leading Internet financial leader, has created a five-pronged business layout around investors: information, socialization, financial management, transactions, and decision-making.
At this stage, companies enter the financial sector by obtaining their funds' submissive and securities plates.
Users, who provide securities and fund trading services and whose incomes are rapidly growing and are flexible. * Users are king, licence plates are shielded, spears are developed, and synergy is central to the implementation of the "Users are king" concept.
The company is the only non-traditional Internet voucher that currently has a security license. Thus, the competitive advantage of the company is that it has a licensing advantage over potential competitors, and it has a technical advantage over stock competitors.
• "User" becomes "client" and opens a new chapter in wealth management
Connectivity. For credit recognition, the future direction of the company is towards a one-stop integrated financial services platform that transforms the existing platform, “user”, into a corporate stock, and reduces the volatility of the cattle bear cycle to some extent through net interest income driven by stock aum and income from the cost of asset management services.
• Market trading has now reached a point where we raise our rating to “strongly recommended” that we split the company's operations and measure the company's income separately from its high-elastic operations. The results show that the company's performance will be expected if there is a greater recovery in the activity of secondary market transactions.
In the middle and long term, the company's elasticity in various areas of finance has increased further.
The first quarterly report showed a 199% growth in performance, improved financial power suppliers’ services, and the path to wealth management is expected to widen further. We have adapted public 1 to the latest market activity, the fast-growing Internet financial giant.
The company was founded in 2005, the same year, on the Internet portal, the Eastern Wealth Network. At a time of growing interest in the stock market in 2006-2007, the company launched its investment in time.
In 2010, just five years after it was established, the company entered the business board and entered the high-speed development period. The company obtained a license to sell the fund and upgraded the fund from the Fund's portal.
One-stop fund marketing platform. Hong Kong voucher license plates are obtained through the purchase of BMW century securities, while China’s mainland voucher license is obtained through the acquisition of Xi Xinjin securities, and the securities industry is entered in the form of extensions and acquisitions. The former is now the East Wealth International Securities and the latter is renamed the Tibetan Eastern Wealth Securities.
Figure 1: Corporate development history Since then, the company has developed a five-pronged business layout around investors ' information, socialization, financial management, transactions and decision-making, with a business line that fully covers and permeates the various scenarios of individual investors ' investment processes.
Figure 2: Corporate development history. The company has been formed in two phases, one for the portal ' s current phase and the other for flow realization.
The year 2013 could serve as a watershed in the company ' s development phase. The company ' s business income up to 2013 was mainly contributed by advertising and financial data service operations, while after 2013 the portal platform flow was realized
Since 2014, hundreds of millions of dollars have shown a high degree of resilience. Fund sales and securities operations have gradually become the main contributors to the company’s performance.
In terms of splitting, the company introduced financial e-commerce services in 2013, i.e. a third-party fund for the company ' s daily funds, and securities services in 2015, i.e., the securities industry services after the purchase of the Tibetan peer securities to obtain securities plates in that year. From 2015, the sum of these two operations amounted to 2,556 million yuan, accounting for the company ' s business.
1.2. Portal flow phase, rapid accumulation of high viscous flows 1.2.1, Orient wealth network, rapid growth of the Internet industry, but lack of professional financial portal players.
Financial information providers on the Internet, mainly web-based financial versions for portals, coupons, int companies, are distributed free of charge, branding has not yet been established, and mature business models have not been developed.
The growth in activity, the rapid growth of financial operations, and the opening up of markets have led to rapid and long-term growth in the Internet-based financial information services sector. The size of the Internet-based finance and information services market has risen from 330 million yuan in 2004 to 1.85 billion yuan in 2008, with a complex annual growth rate of 53.9 per cent.
The timeliness of information in financial markets, especially in stock exchanges, is particularly important: the party who first issues it will be given the information asymmetric advantages and will be well placed in transactions. The advent of the Internet has greatly accelerated the flow of information, making the Internet the most accessible source of financial information.
At the beginning of the company's establishment, in 2005, just before the Internet entered the country, the Internet market was blue, and the company's portal, the Eastern Wealth Network, began at that time. As the telecommunications infrastructure gradually spread, the Internet entered the eruption period in the years to come, and the company caught up with the connection.
On-line, the Eastern Wealth Network, which determines the business model for advertising realization, does not differ significantly. After the company's on-line “East Wealth Network,” it joins the Internet financial information media.
The Division was established to create value for advertisers through the use of exchange, media and financial information, through integration and editorial publishing of portals, and through the high flow of web sites and clear target customers. However, the early financial media, in keeping with the philosophy of “the king of content” and “the king of technology”, placed content and technology in the business of “the king of technology”
First. Because a user needs to click on one media to access another site, the conversion costs are very low, the user is less sticky, and therefore the differences are not obvious.
The company is the first to find that there is a strong demand for communication and discussion between individual investors in the course of investment transactions, whether for individual shares or for the market as a whole.
The company’s Internet-based financial interaction community is about to arrive, and the products are divided into shares and Eastern blogs. The shares are similar to the shares, so investors can exchange information, divide the shares into sub-communities according to a share, b share, h share, and each shares has its own separate “post” and is the company’s most sticky Internet-based financial exchange.
Oriental bloggers are interactive communities operating in the form of blogs, divided into specialized areas by author, and provide a platform for investors to share their investment experiences. Why is socialization sticky?