Today, the company publishes the 2020q1 quarterly report, with revenues of $5.53 billion, or approximately 11.3 per cent of the year; it returns to the mother.
q1 performed well as expected, and it is expected that new drugs will continue to be released rapidly after the outbreak, and that research and development will take place. Billion dollars, about 11.3% of the year; about 1.32 billion yuan of profit to the mother, about 10.3% of the year; and, in the context of the epidemic, firm performance has grown robustly, and overall, as expected. Company q1 oncology is expected to increase by about 30%, anaesthesia is expected to increase by about 30%.
Lines and screen lines are expected to grow at a negative rate (which is expected to be linked to the decline in hospital surges and detections in the context of the epidemic, which is expected to recover gradually), and the Consolidated Line is expected to grow steadily.
The second line of liver cancer in Shr 1210 was approved, and hepatic cancer in the country 3. Corporate performance exceeded expectations and income ring performance accelerated slightly increased by $138 million by the end of 2019, maintaining a robust structure of overall financial data.
4. " Corporate performance meets expectations, clinical progress at pd-1. Research and development costs continue to increase, early clinical potentials and overseas clinical potentials are expected: research and development investment. Miteni United Shr 1210 for late urinary system and gynaecology clinical trials, low oral exposure.
Molecular a2ar antagonists have received a national clinical batch, company shr0302 has received a national clinical release for fda, shr1702 and shr1701, and pd-l1 joint il-15 has obtained a clinical clearance for cde. We expect to see no shortage of new drugs in new clinical varieties, and we recommend that attention be paid to il-in-clinic in the country.
17, pd-l1/tgf beta, il15, a2ar antagonists, etc., and progress on a first-line clinical programme for overseas pd-1 co-opatoni liver cancer, taking into account the company’s performance in the marketing of innovative drugs, and the continued availability of high-quality generic drugs at home and abroad
We maintain a corporate “buy-in” rating for steady growth. We expect uncertainty in the procurement of generic pharmaceutical belts in 2020-2022. There is uncertainty in the progress of research and development of innovative medicines. There is uncertainty about generics and innovative drug varieties abroad.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment