Wang Wing Chul Pd-1 has been approved for two major adaptations to anti-pulmonary and edible cancers.
Add two major adaptive conditions: (1) combined melancholy and capricorn applied to the first-line treatment of transgenic and transient lymphoma hormone (alk) negative, non-survival late-stage or transient non-scaling non-small cell lung cancer (nsclc); (2)
Treatment for patients with transient terminal or transient dietary cancers who have been undergoing first-line chemotherapy. Large adaptive disorders are approved, and the amount of aid is sold: (1) lung cancer and dietary cancer are high in China.
\triangleright Sexual Tumour (Table 1) The number of new cases per year is expected to be over 700,000 and over 400,000, respectively, the expansion of liver cancer and Hodgkin lymphoma adaptive disorders approved prior to the approval of the two major adaptive disorders.
It would open up space for the sale of company pd-1 products, Carrelliads. (2) In the current pattern of competition, the company's Karelisbill is the first national product (table 2) that has received major adaptations to lung and dietary cancers, with a clear pre-emptive advantage over the other three national products.
It will be possible to take over the market on a priority basis. Moreover, the approval of a corporate priority for major adaptive disorders will facilitate the company’s dominance in negotiations on the health-care catalogue, which is expected to take advantage of access to the list of health-care providers as a percentage of the share in circulation.
The product ladder is well connected and the internationalization strategy is continuing: the company's parp inhibitor is on the market for review and is expected to be on the market in the second half of the year; eight products are currently in clinical iii and some are at the same time in multicentres in Australia, Europe, the United States, and many more.
The product is clinically and clinically active, the company’s product ladder is well-connected, and the driving force is continuous, and the international multi-centre clinic will also provide a good basis for progress in the internationalization of the company. Profit projections: we expect the company to make a net profit of $6.9 billion in 2020 and 2021, and $8.8 billion.
Multiplier. The company’s research and development pipelines, and the approval of a number of innovative pharmaceutical products and their adaptations, will continue to push the company’s strategic shift from imitation to innovation, and we look forward to the company’s long-term development and maintain a “buy-in” investment rating.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or re-distributed for any purpose in whole or part of the report issued or printed.