Heung Swe Pharmaceuticals (600276), a review report, dated 28th of 2020, has been very strong under the epidemic.
On April 27, 2020, the company announced that it would collect $5,527 million during the reporting period.
Market value in circulation (millions of yuan): due to disease control, hospital stoppages and a decline in the sale of part of the company ' s products during the first quarter, the overall rate declined slightly, to 34.86 per cent (-0.89 pt), as a result of reduced travel costs under the epidemic; management fees
Research and development is progressing steadily, and new gains have been made since the beginning of the year, with companies making steady progress in research and development and frequent harvests. Carrithul (second-line liver cancer), Ray Marxlon (suspension for gastric mirrors) have been approved for the market, and on-site verification of the effects of the epidemic has been slightly delayed.
Yearly approval for the joint pd1 launch of the new growth cycle; the new three clinical phases are: Kareliju, UAPATERIN for adrenaline cancer in the stomach or gastroenteral tubes, UAPATRI for non-small cell lung.
Cancers, combined violets and apadaloni are used for triple-negative breast cancers, with thorium pap being used for breast cancer, ovarian cancers, and several varieties, including shr.1459, shr 5126, shr 2150, shr 2554, shr 0302, are well under development and have been approved for clinical treatment.
It's almost 20 to 21 years, and the company's innovative medicine is starting to harvest, and we're looking forward to getting medical assistance from Kareli Joll, Aparoni, Pilarini, and others.
Liu Hyemin, a leading industry leader with few innovative drugs, is gradually gaining power, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The clinical and approval of new products falls short of expectations: load purchases, health-care negotiations are reduced by more than expected: load purchases
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, produces the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.