- Gold Dragonfish (300999.sz) reported in depth that it is a 100 billion grain-oiled rice-faced tap, with robust growth in performance. Golden Dragonfish is one of the largest food-oiled rice-surface processing companies in the country, with its headquarters in Shanghai.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn heyh1@cfsc.com.cn High consumption and high concentration in the rice flour industry
Our consumption of cooking oil increased from 237.2 million tons in 2013 to 28.9 million tons in 2020 and the average price of barrel oil increased from 15.2 yuan per litre in 2011 to 156 million tons in 2021.
Tons, 1.2 per cent in 13 years cagr retail price of rice increased from $2.7 per kilogram in 2015 to 44.9 per cent in 2015 and 18.4 per cent in the Golden Dragonfish market.
Brands: A full brand matrix, top of the list for 11 years, and second in the list for rice and flour. Products: 142.82.5 billion yuan in 2021 for kitchen foods/forage raw materials and fat technology, or 63.36 per cent;
The existing rice oil production base has been built, and the Hangzhou/Chouguchi chef has opened his garden; and the extreme layout of the spice industry has created new points of performance.
II. Report of the China Securities* Company*, Risks of macroeconomic fluctuations, risks of industrial policy changes, delays in consumption (300999), Persistent effects of the epidemic, second quarter
Volatility of swimming demand, price volatility of raw materials, etc.
3- The Golden Dragon Fish Report * 2020401* Mountain Sunshine, Ho cosmos, 100 billion grain and rice-faced taps, with steady growth in performance.
One of the largest agricultural and food processing companies in the country, Haekhari, is the main company operating in the development, production and sale of kitchen foods, feed materials, and fat technology products.
The famous brands of “Golden Dragonfish” and “Orivelan” and “Huchie Flowers” and “Golden Kings” and “Ring Dragons” and “Ring 100” cover such areas as small-packed food oils, rice, flour, hanging noodles, spices, food beverages, catering products, food raw materials, oil and gas technology.
Chart 1: Golden Dragonfish was established in 1988 and marketed in a stock market in 2020.
The year of oil refining, a small packaged oil tanker, created the first rice.
"The annual processing of wheat is a powerful international model of the circular economy of China."
Inner and corporate business, cooking oil refining, rice year-on-year processing.
The relevant entity laws, experimental bases and small packaging plants.
The first bottle, "Golden Dragon, oilseed pressurized processing, fat technology products."
The cooking canals, the cooking industry, the second-generation diet.
Fish, little packaged food, annual sales out of the way, annual sales out of the fat.
And the oil is on the market, and the sea is established, and the oil is on the surface.
The Shanghai R & D Center 1.2, the large shareholders are strong, the equity incentives are growing steadily, the company shares are concentrated, and there is no real control over people.
Fortune China (Bumuda), bathoscompanymited indirectly held 89.99% of the stockholdings of the Golden Dragonfish. For investment in the Open Sea, 0.009% of the stockholdings are held mainly by company managers. Fortune international major shareholders include the Kuokbrotherssdnberhad, adm, and the Kerrygroup Limited, which are more decentralized.
Founded in 1991 and based in Singapore, it is one of the world’s largest food and oil groups, with more than 500 factories and 90,000 employees worldwide, and listed on Singapore’s main board in 2006. Its operations include palm cultivation, oilseed pressurization, oil refining, sugar processing and refining, flour and rice.
In 2021, Beneficial International ranked 211th in the wealth world’s 500th highest rankings. Major executives have a great deal of experience. The company’s chairman is Mr. Kwok Kong Fung, President and Chief Executive Officer.
President Muyanqiao, Managing Vice-President Niu Yu, and Vice-President Xu Bin, both of whom have been in the business for more than 30 years, have had a great deal of experience. Equity incentives are on the ground, with full staff motivation. On March 31, 2022, the company released its Equity Incentives Plan.
It is proposed that 29.8 million restricted shares be awarded to senior directors and core cadres of up to $30.76 per unit, including Chairman Goo Kongofon, Managing Director Muyanqi, Managing Vice-President Niu Yu, etc., around the draft incentive announcement, which uses “product sales” as a performance appraisal indicator at the corporate level, which we believe directly reflects the main business.
Business performance and market value growth, and the number of people who will be inspired this time, can maximize the binding of core management and raise overall employee motivation, further stimulating the company’s business dynamism.
The company’s performance was more affected by investment earnings and asset impairment losses. In 2016, the company suffered from an abnormally volatile soybean prices, with large losses in soybean futures transactions and a sharp decline in net profits. At the end of 2021, the company’s stock balance was $46.9 billion, leading the profitable industry.
As a result of the reduced impact of the epidemic, the cost of sales fell to 2.51 per cent; the management rate stabilized at around 1.5 per cent, down at a level. According to Dupont analysis, the golden dragonroe was more affected by equity multipliers and net interest rates, with interest multipliers from 2016.
High concentration of edible oils and a marked tendency towards structural upgrading The edible edible vegetable oils dominate the structure, including vegetable oils, groundnut oil, corn oil, olive oil, mountain tea oil, palm oil, sunflower oil, soybean oil, sesame oil, lined seed oil (hinter oil), grape oil, kernel oil, madan oil
The consumption of cooking oil has slowed down and entered stock games. The consumption of cooking oil increased from 237.2 million tons in 2013 to 28.09 million tons in 2020, and from 27.55 million tons in 2013 to 32.89 million tons in 2020, and from 2.45 per cent in July 2020. The consumption of cooking vegetable oil has declined for the second consecutive year, from 2019 to 2020, and has entered the stock market.
The per capita consumption of oil consumed in the country has remained stable, from 10.6 kg/persons in 2013 to 10.4 kg/persons in 2020. Chart 17: Consumption of oil consumed increased from 237.2 million tons in 2013 to 2809 tons in 2020: Per capita consumption of oil consumed in the country has remained generally stable, from 10.6 kg/persons in 2020 to 2.6 per cent in seven years.
The price of barreled oil is on the rise and the price is stable. Prices: the retail price of the main barreled oil is on the rise, and the average price of barrels of soybean oil, peanut oil, vegetableseed oil, modulated oil in 2021 is $12.7, 28.2, 15.7, 15.0/L, drums are on the increase. In terms of sales and sales, the share of soybean oil and the share of soybean oil at lower unit prices is gradually increasing.
The share of soybeans sold fell from 30% in 2017 to 26% in 2019, and the share of soybean oil sold fell from 17% in 2017 to a high concentration of food oils, which continues to be concentrated. In 2019, the country consumed 58% of the oil, of which the gold dragonfish, the Chinese food group, the lulla group accounted for 34%, 20%, and 4%, respectively, and the gold dragonfish market was the largest.
According to oil, the concentration is high, with a strong concentration trend of 65.1% in 2017 cr4 and 66.8% in 2019, while the goldfish market in 2019 accounted for about 38.4% and ranked first in the long run. Small packaging vegetable oils are dominated by supermarkets, malls, supermarkets, small supermarkets, etc.
It is the main distribution channel for small packaging vegetable oils, accounting for more than 70 per cent of sales in the industry, with the largest contribution being in large stores and supermarkets, accounting for more than 50 per cent of sales in the industry.
2.2. Rice and flour consumption are high, and the concentration of packaging rice surfaces continues to rise. We are the largest country in rice production. Production rose from 134 million tons in 2008 to 149 million tons in 2021 and 0.82 per cent in 13 years; sales increased from 133 million tons in 2008 to 156 million tons in 2021 and 1.23 per cent in 13 years.
The retail price of rice rose from $2.70/kg in 2015 to $2.87/kg in 2021, compared to 0.49 per cent in six years. The price of rice in our country slowed down and reached almost the stock level.
Production rose from 108 million tons in 2006 to 134 million tons in 2021, and from 1.44 per cent in 15 cagr; sales increased from 103 million tons in 2006 to 141 million tons in 2021 and from 2.11 per cent in 15 cagr.
In recent years, as consumption rose and consumer awareness of food safety increased, the ratio of packing rice rose. By sales, gold dragonfish had the highest market share in modern channels for packing rice. Golden dragonfish had the most modern channels for packing rice.
The share of sales increased from 16.4% in 2017 to 18.4% in 2019, ahead of the competitor. Cr4 in the packaging industry was the highest concentration in the packaging flour market, with the highest rate in the gold dragonfish market. Over 90% of the country’s flour consumption structure is consumed by food, with bulk and large packaging, with flour in the middle of the packaging, accounting for the main market share.
The market for gold dragonfish is the largest in terms of sales. The share of gold dragonfish bags sold through modern channels fell from 29.1 per cent in 2017 to 26.7 per cent in 2019, still ahead of their rivals. The flour industry has increased its concentration from 54.3 per cent in 2017 to 57.3 per cent in 2019.
2.3. The demand for feed raw materials has increased, resulting in an increase in the volume of feed raw materials. Forage raw materials, mainly oilseeds and their processed products, grains and their processed products, are supplied to feed producing enterprises for further processing as feed products. Forage production in the country increased from 174 million tons in 2010
In 2021, 317 million tons and in 11 years, 5.58% of cagr. The rapid rise in demand for downstream feed products led to a steady increase in the sale of feed raw materials, and a decline in the supply of vegetables. Soybeans, one of the most important feedstocks, were used for breeding poultry, pig aquaculture, and soybean production and sales increased significantly, from 43.18 million tons in 2010 to 43.18 million tons in 2010.
790.1 million tons in 2021, 5.66 per cent in 11 cagr; sales increased from 42.39 million tons in 2010 to 78.4 million tons in 2021, and 5.75 per cent in 11 cagr. Vegetables are widely used in the aquatic feed industry as one of the main feedstocks. Since 2010, national standards for the biosafety of imported vegetable seeds have been raised, and the area of domestic vegetable seed sowing has continued to decline in recent years, resulting in the supply of vegetable seeds.
In 2018, we produced 4.8 million tons of vegetables and 5.45 million tons of vegetables, and the prices of soybean beans and soybeans continued to rise. We imported more soybean beans, owing to the effects of the epidemic, combined with dry weather and international tensions in major production areas such as South America, which led to a strain on soybean supplies worldwide, the maintenance of high soybean prices and the continuation of vegetable prices.
Increased. By the beginning of September 2022, the prices of soybean and culinium had declined from their annual highs, reaching $4520, $3495/3, brands, products and channels with strong size advantages, 3.1, multi-brand matrix operations with a stronger brand profile
Multi-brand matrix operations, with a focus on brand image. The company has now developed an integrated brand matrix covering high-end, medium-end, and public. Key brands under the flag, including the Golden Dragonfish, Oliveland, and Hodge Flowers, have built a high brand profile and reputation in the consumer's eyes.
The company will continue to pursue a multilayered brand strategy, using different brands to provide accurate coverage to a wide range of consumers. Actively use existing successful brands and marketing networks to launch related products, including spices (e.g., soy sauce), yeast, rice powder, etc.
Marketing costs are stable, advertising is high, and advertising costs remain high, even if affected by the epidemic, and advertising costs have not decreased, rising from $1,949 million in 2017 to $2,571 million in 2021.
Four years cagr is 7.17%, and in 2021 advertising fees account for 39% of sales costs. For channel networks and consumer information, companies adopt diversified branding practices, including traditional media placement and advertising, sports, marketing, and marketing of new media.
Long-term brand marketing creates a strong brand advantage. Long-term development, companies have developed a number of famous brands, such as Golden Dragonfish, Hodge Flowers, Gardens.
According to the 2021 (eleventh) Chinese brand power index (c-bpi) billboard published by Chnbrand, the Golden Dragonfish has been on the top of the 11-year list of "Huchie Flowers" and "Hork Gardens"
The Golden Treasure is ranked 5, 6 and 9. Meanwhile, the Golden Dragonfish is ranked second in the rice and flour brand ranking list published by c-bpi, highlighting the powerful branding influence of the company.
The main products of the company are kitchen foods, feed raw materials, and fat technology products. Kitchen foods are rich in variety, small packaging retail products to meet household cooking needs, and medium packaging products are provided to customers in the catering industry.
Retail products include small packaging oils, small packaging rice, small packaging flour, small packaging surfaces, small packaging spices, etc. Catering products include medium packaging oils, rice, flour, spices, soya powder, etc. Food industry products include large packagings of special oils, food supplements, flour, etc.
The raw materials include, inter alia, soybean, culinium, rice platinum, platinum, and so forth.
In terms of volume, the company increased its food sales from 15.12 million tons in 2017 to 6303 yuan per ton in 2017 and 4.23 per cent per ton in four years; forage, raw materials and fat technology, from 2667 yuan per ton in 2017 to $3341 per ton in 2021, and for four years caagr
5.82%. In 2021, the cost of kitchen food/feed raw materials and fats increased by 20/30%, higher than the cost of high R & D inputs, and technical and product support. A comparison shows that corporate R & D personnel and R & D expenditure are in a higher position among comparable companies. In 2021, 334 R & D workers were employed, with a per capita remuneration of 410,000 yuan per person, up from 410,000 yuan per person.
The company has also set up a research and development centre in Shanghai to use modern production techniques in the production of kitchen foods and to promote safety, nutrition, health, etc. on the basis of preserving the food-food properties of kitchens.
The company uses the concept of “circle economy” to fully exploit the value of agricultural products, including rice, soybean, maize, wheat, and to move from primary to advanced processing to industrial transformation. The rice cycle economy model builds “order planting”
A new model of a circular economy based on the branding of high-quality rice based on raw material processing; rice shells for power generation as the main by-product; rice shells for extracting high-value-added products such as white carbon black; and rice rice for extracting high-nutrient-value rice oil as a by-product
Deep processing is a variety of foods, health-care supplements; rice can be sold to feed customers. Make full use of the value of rice, increasing the value added of the industry chain, making it wider, more value-added, and longer.
The base’s proximity to the raw materials’ origin, port, rail or terminal markets helps to reduce production costs, guarantee the quality of the product, and saves the logistics costs of the company’s production and operation.
The company is able to spread the advantages of rice, flour, through the entire chain of raw materials procurement, production processing, marketing channels, brand values. Thus, the company’s management costs have stabilized over time at around 1.5%, and are lower in the industry. The unit costs for kitchen foods, feed materials, and oil and gas technology were 5340,2667 tonnes in 2017.
It fell to $5271, $2573 per ton in 2020, increased unit costs in 2021 due to higher cost of raw materials, 90% of operating costs, and price fluctuations of raw materials had a greater impact on the Maori rate. Raw materials accounted for 89.57% of operating costs of gold dragonfish, and direct labour and manufacturing costs of 1.22%, 9.21%, respectively.
Works, rice and processors, wheat and processors, oilseeds and processors, palm and lunar oils account for 33.21 per cent, 6.32 per cent, 13.90 per cent, 16.09 per cent, 12.23 per cent, and five categories of raw materials together amount to 81.75 per cent.
Oilseed production capacity of 27,62 million tons, rice processing of 5.02 million tons, wheat processing of 11.59 million tons, and canned capacity of 14.28 million tons, respectively, for the above projects, which are in the pipeline of 176, 461, 147, 414, 700,000 tons, while in 2019 the company also owned a small and medium packaging capacity of 22,580,000 tons. In 2020, the company ' s ipo mobilized a total investment of 17.9 billion yuan in new multi-capacity projects.
The entire network covers all consumption channels, mainly direct sales, with higher sales in China. Golden Dragonfish is mainly based on direct sales, with a stable share of direct sales income.
In about 70%, in 2021 it was RMB 60,198 billion, or 70,81% of total income, and 29,19% of proceeds from sales. The number of distributors in companies grew rapidly, with the fastest increase in the east. While companies dominated direct sales, distribution revenues grew steadily, covering all consumption channels from a network of channels. Kitchen food is sold through retail, catering, food industry, electricity suppliers.
The Ministry of Consumer Affairs, the Ministry of Catering, the Ministry of Food Industry, the Ministry of Electricity and Industry, and the Ministry of Electricity and Industry, respectively, set up a special department for products such as cooking oil, flour, rice, etc. Forage and fat technology are managed through the Ministry of Feeding and Feeding Materials, and the Ministry of Oil and Gas Technology.
Increased revenue from the sale of products and retail products: Retail outlets: companies rely on the marketing channels and brand advantages available to small-packaged cooking oils, increase the overall marketing of multi-grade products, maintain a steady increase in the sale of cooking oil, increase the promotion and marketing of products such as rice and flour, and sell related products
Revenue from sales is growing rapidly. In traditional channels such as agro-trade markets, food and oil wholesalers, retail stores, grocery stores, and special channels such as welfare groups, joint promotions, gas stations, pharmacies, etc., companies adopt marketing models dominated by distribution models; and in modern channels such as national and large regional retail chains, companies adopt direct sales models dominated by zero.
Direct sales outlets include, among others, Wal-Mart, Da-Yun, Hua-yun, Carrefour and others.
Small and medium-sized customers, such as fast-food chains, have a marketing model; large customers, such as hotel chains, chain restaurants, large business canteens, traders, etc., have a sales model based on direct sales. Meanwhile, they are actively exploring new patterns of catering, working with raw-food platforms, such as cuisine, fast donkeys, etc.
Large chains of restaurants such as fresh foods, village foundations, real kung fu, and raw power platforms such as cuisine and fast donkeys. 2017-2019 Food industry: a marketing model that combines distribution and direct marketing patterns for the country’s food industry with a more decentralized and market concentration.
The company’s direct customers of food processing include large-scale bakers, such as the good ones, chain companies, vines, McDonald’s, Master Kang, Peaches, Peach Lee bread, Wang Wang, Nestlé, etc. In 2017–2019, the customers of the food industry earned 14.06% to 15.53% of their sales, while the Māori rate was 9.02%, 10.52%, and the Māori rate, respectively.
Electricians: The company focuses on the development of power-marketing channels, and works with power-marketing platforms such as Kyoutung and Skycat Supermarkets: while actively opening up developed cities, it focuses on district-level urban, rural and township markets, actively promotes downfalling of channels, and works with community retail power-detailing platforms such as Alibaba “retail traffic” and “new access roads” in Kyoto to improve the reach of end-users.
In July 2021, the Ministry of Electricity and Trade Channels was established, integrating from the industrial chain to brand innovation, using Internet tools to develop new business opportunities and achieve new breakthroughs in innovative and existing business.
Forage raw materials and fat technology products are sold mainly through retail outlets and catering channels. Forage raw materials and for fat technology products, the main direct sales customers include the feed production companies Winch, New Hope, Twins, Jung Da, and Zhengbong.
Large-scale solarisations, fast consumer goods, chemical enterprises, and large traders like Liber, Narais, and the Blue Moon.
As the chaining rate of our restaurants has gradually increased, the demand for the central kitchen has grown rapidly, for reasons of cost, standardization, food safety, etc. The powerful chaining major catering companies tend to choose their own supply chain model, while the middle-sized chain catering companies are more targeted in the central kitchen.
As canteens, aeronautical railways, meetings, etc., have also become a new engine of growth in the catering industry, so will the conglomerates, driven by youth-dominated consumer groups, be the target customers for integrated production and distribution in the central kitchen. For a variety of reasons, the 2020 Golden Dragonfish proposed the concept of a “central kitchen” based on the advantages of products such as Tommy, pasta, oil, spices, etc.
In September 2021, the company set up the Goo's Food and Food Department to take full advantage of the entire industrial chain of the group's food and oil operations, which is responsible for investing in the construction of the Central Kitchen Park throughout the country.
The central kitchen has a strong advantage in building the central kitchen. The central kitchen can create synergies by sharing resources such as storage of products, experimental research and development, public support facilities, logistics transport, and distribution channels.
There are 71 production bases that have been put into operation, which are based on existing production bases, and the accelerated construction of the Central Kitchen Food Industry Park. (2) Cost advantages: companies own land rents and discounts on the purchase price of raw materials. (3) Market access system advantages: nationwide network of distributors, which are unique in marketing food products. (4) Co-opportunity in logistics transport: production.
The raw materials needed for rice, flour, oil, meat, etc. can be supplied by parks, resulting in centralized distribution, thereby reducing costs. (5) The scale advantage of processing: the bulk of the company rice-surface grains creates a sufficient size advantage to reduce the cost of processing manufacture. 6) The resource advantage of product R & D is that the company has a strong R & D capability and is able to quickly capture market demand and launch the corresponding product.
Figure 76: Golden Dragonfish development has a unique advantage in the central kitchen, where there are many profitable models and promising prospects for development. The chef is an integrated park built by Golden Dragonfish, and the operating model helps the public to use products such as relatively large packagings that directly supply the company ' s chefs and partners in the park.
Reducing waste of packaging materials and increasing sales of products such as rice paste in the company;3 rents for rental of park warehouses, etc., which can help park partners to promote their products and collect sales commissions through the marketing channels available to the company;5 and the establishment of a food distribution company, Hai Hongfeng (Shanghai)
Supply Chain Technology Ltd., which is responsible for the logistics distribution of central kitchen products, can simultaneously transport cold-store foods and warm products, and efficiently saves logistics costs. Due to the high level of customer overlap among the various types of products in the park, usually catering, hotels, etc. Enterprises can achieve one-stop distribution of products in the park, reduce logistics costs and improve transport efficiency.
The central kitchen project will be completed in Hangzhou, Chongqing, Heingping, Tribune, Zhouguchi, Shenyang, etc. in 2022.
In this case, Hangzhou is already in the production stage, and the district has already been tested for production. In the future, the company’s central kitchen project will be completed by 2024.
In the future, the company plans to build more than 70 existing rice oil production bases throughout the country, and it is expected to create new performance points. The Hangzhou chef's layout is clear and fully functional. The Hangzhou chef has invested about $540 million in five floors, one and two floors.
(c) The fifth floor is the company's own central kitchen, containing raw materials such as vegetables, meat, dry goods, and face-to-face, luncheon, etc.
There is a clear division of the floors that allows effective cooperation. In terms of capacity, the design capacity is 40 tonnes/day of prefabricated food. For meals, it is 120,000 tonnes/day, and the sauce is 4.8 tonnes/day. For pricing, the raw materials and processed products are considered in a market-priced position, and the variety of cooking products is dominated by prefabricated vegetables and sauce. For vegetable selections, the company has a marketing department, catering channels.
The company's most developed products are prefabricated and fragrant sauce. The prefabricated foods include truffles, red-burned lion heads, classic recipes for masters, potatoes, roasted cow, small millet, and so on. The fragrant sauces include soybean sauce, fish flavour sauce, garlic cow.
We have a large market and a low market concentration in the flavours industry. China collected 25,95 billion from 2014.
In terms of concentration, there is a low concentration in the connoisseur sector. As the nation’s national leader, the city accounts for only 7% of the price. The market’s large but low concentration is conducive to the entry of gold dragonfish into the connoisseur industry.
The rate of gold dragonfish is about 10%, compared to 30% and about 40% in the trinkets industry; within 5%, the net interest rate for gold dragonfish is generally higher than 10%, and the net interest rate for the truffle industry is higher than 25%. Thus, the industry can effectively increase corporate profitability.
At the same time, the gold dragonfish industry has a strong advantage. First, the company has a strong brand, a large number of well-known brands, and a strong brand. Second, as a leader in agricultural and food processing, it is a major supplier of raw materials such as sea and seafood, such as soybeans, and the company’s vast system of processing and manufacturing scale, with significant cost advantages:
Finally, the layout of the network and the country’s 6,121 distributors have powerful advantages in terms of channels. So we see that good companies are following up on the development of the spice industry.
In 2019, Taiwan's old-fashioned brand of soy sauce was acquired into the Shanxi beam industry, and in 2021 it entered into the Guangdong business and held 75% of the shares. The company's brands cover the series of gold dragonfish, Xiaoyu, Liang, Kau Man, Sea Emperor, and other product categories, including soy sauce, vine, sesame oil, pepper oil, vines, sesame sauce, etc. Gold dragonfish can be used through existing dealers and restaurants.
Channels have been instrumental in the development of spices, which are still relatively low at present, and are still in the process of market breeding, with the public sector mainly pursuing growth and rising city occupancy. With the company’s intensive marketing of spices, performance is expected to increase.
We believe that the company has a strong advantage in the food and rice industry and that, while the previous business continues to contract deep, the central cook (3) epidemic drags consumption; (4) downstream demand fluctuations;
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
To capture short- and medium-term potential shares; to think hard about the white wine plate, and to think deeply and think deeply about the Su wine. What's the word: University of Shandong, Bachelor of Law, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.