In the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved business income of $17,357 million, an increase of 12.46 per cent.
The net profit of the mother was 6,087 million yuan, a decrease of 52.12 per cent in the same year; of the net profit of the non-repatriation of the mother of 4,791 million, the operating income of the third quarter of 2022 was 51,202 million yuan, an increase of 9.14 per cent in the same year, and the ring was a decrease of 52.12 per cent in the same year.
Refineries with narrow price increases, 2022q3 performance pressure: 2022 q3, influenced by concerns about the USU \triangleright deposit and the market recession, low oil prices and average Brent crude oil prices
211.98 per barrel for 2022q2, down to $98.16 per barrel for 2022q3, drop in ring comparison, effect of fluctuations, downstream purchases of chemicals mostly in demand, market heavy cash, and helium petrochemicals (600346): “Smelting + new”
q3, the company's refining units are in the process of overhauling, and there has been a certain decline in sales of petrochemical products.
The sales of refined products were 491.97 tons, 449.01 million tons, respectively - 13.61 per cent for the same year, 89.61 million tons for the new polyesters, 5.34 per cent for the same year, and 5.34 per cent for the same year.
The cost-side drop is not as much as the product end drop, the company's main product price recovery, increased layout “smelting + new materials narrow, plus renovation of 2022q3 refineries, a drop in corporate output sales and a drop in prices.
The company's 2022q3 performance is under considerable pressure. Taxes and charges: 2022q3 company taxes and surcharges are clearly rising.
Steady growth, second-growth space, based on a large chemical platform, focuses on building a second-growth curve: companies actively promote synergies among the major business plates and vigorously expand their upstream and downstream high-end production capacity in synchronisation.
Helium petrochemicals (600346): 22q1 Performance Integration Project, 1.5 million tonnes/yrene Project fully operational, achieving steady growth in the company ' s critical productive capacity and steady progress on new projects
The strategic breakthrough of the chain. At the same time, the company ' s 5 million tonnes/year modern coal-chemical plants and 11.6 million tonnes/year pta devices have been laid out, significantly increasing the company ' s elastic space and confluence.
Co-benefits. Over-refining capacity in the country, over-finished oil, finished oil exports are subject to matching pressure, looking at the company's second-growth curve.
Low, and at the same time persistently based on the chemicals produced by the Great Refinery Project, the industrial chain of new, high-value-added chemical materials is actively deployed downstream. The company currently has 240,000 tonnes/year pbt engineering plastics capacity, 385,000 Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Yearly, 800,000 tonnes of functional polyester membrane/functional plastics project (including 470,000 tonnes of high-end cindaseguritiesco., ltd Functional polyester membrane, 100,000 tonnes of special functional film, 150,000 tonnes of modified pbt, 80,000 tonnes of plastics)
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City Street of the West Side of Beijing, modified pbat, project of 1.5 million tonnes per year of new green multi-purpose textile materials, 300,000 tonnes/year of new material packages, 1.6 million tonnes/year of high-performance resins and new materials, 260
Ten thousand tonnes/year high-performance polyesters will also be built. Meanwhile, the subsidiary Kang Fai will be introduced into the wet-method lithium of the Japan Shiba Mechanics Association and Qingdao China New Materials Co. Ltd. Battery diaphragm production line, with an annual capacity of 1.6 billion square metres, which is expected to continue in 2023.
Production. By further widening the company ' s layout of the market for new energy materials for downstream chemicals, rapidly expanding the capacity of high-end, differentiated consumption of new materials, adapting the production of degradable plastics to the current “double carbon” goal, constantly meeting the market ' s incremental demand and achieving diversified coverage of the industrial chain.
Profit projection and investment rating: we expect the company ' s net return profit for the period 2022-2024 to be \triangleright, respectively, depending on the Great Refiner Chemicals Platform for the development of new chemical materials, smoothing cycle volatility, holding
Continuing to contribute, we maintain a “buy-in” rating for constant fossilization. Risk factors: large oil price shocks; new capacity building less than expected; new capacity contribution \triangleright
Unperforming performance and high volatility in raw material prices; risk of continued loss of profits due to increased domestic pta capacity; risk of excess refining capacity; risk of slow recovery of downstream product profits; risk of significant additions to the petrochemical sector by “carbon neutral” policies; poor global economic recovery
B.A. in Economics and M.A. in Western Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017, mainly responsible for research on the chain of industries such as crude oil prices, oil mining, oil processing, refining polyesters, and investment assessment for the petrochemicals project of the Chinese firm Xinda Asset Management. 2021 Hu Xiaoje, Research Assistant in the petrochemicals sector. Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Finance, Southwest.
Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, and Bachelor of Science in Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.