In July and August, the project carried out its first overhaul since 2019, with a production load of one.
Impact, by reference to the company ' s three-quarter operating data, the company ' s refined products/pta production for the three-quarter period, respectively 1. " Bottom of the landscape performance is higher than expected! - Helium petrochemical is 492.28 million tons, 15.7 per cent less than the average for the first half of the year and 15 per cent less for the same period last year.
Installation major checks affected loads, and after overhauls were completed, the company’s loads or gradually recovered from previous periods. Oil prices continued to fall unilaterally, with narrow price spreads or loss of performance: in 2022 q3 there was a continuing unilateral downward trend in oil prices, and Brent fell from $117/bpb in June to $91/bpb in September, a decline in the price of oil from $117/bpb in June to $91/bpb in September.
3. " Stock is past, incremental activation of the future! - Helium is about 23%, and there is a swing cycle in actual refined production, assuming a swing cycle of about one month, with an average price difference of $1160/t for q3 helium petrochemical products and a 29% reduction in the ring q2 compared to last year.
The 24 billion yuan grand project, which has been re-established in the medium to long term into tons of high-performance resins and new materials, 2.6 million tons of functional polyesters, 300,000 tons of new materials packages for the abate industry and 1.6 billion lithium membrane projects.
The company continues to push forward its project of deep-processed new energy materials, with a higher degree of certainty about subsequent performance growth. The company’s performance is subject to short-term pressure as a result of the unilateral decline in crude oil, but the bulk of the deep-processed layout drives the future into the Chan House.
1. The risk of large single-way fluctuations in oil prices; 2. The epidemic repeatedly disrupts the rhythm of end sales and transport; 3. The need for serious deterioration of the terminal; 4. geopolitical risks; 5. The pace of construction of the project is not as high as expected; 6. The risk of large fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar; 7. Other force majeure impacts are overvalued;
Installation overhauls with narrow price increases, short-term performance pressure of $12.5 per cent over the same period, net profit from non-repatriation of $4.79 billion, a 60.1 per cent decrease over the same period; single reference to the three-quarterly persistent petrochemical report, which has been under the Hemolysification Integration Project since 2019 in July and August
For the first time, it had a certain impact on the production load, reference company operating data for the third quarter, company refining product/pta production for the third quarter of the year, 492.28 million tons, corresponding to the average for the first half of the year and the same period last year, with a continued unilateral downward trend in oil prices in q3 in 2022, with Brent dropping from $117 per barrel in June to September.
At $91 per barrel, the decline was about 23 per cent, while in the actual refined production there was a swing cycle, assuming a swing week of about one month, with an average price difference of $1160 per tonne for q3 helium petrochemical products and 29 per cent narrowness in the ring q2, a 43 per cent decrease compared to the same period last year, and continued to narrow the low demand for crude oil unilaterally falling end prices,
Figure 2: Average ever-weighted single-ton sales prices and price differentials (taking into account crude oil turnover)
1. The risk of large single-way fluctuations in oil prices: there is a strong correlation between the price of refined industrial chain products and crude oil prices, and large single-way fluctuations in oil prices will have a high probability of affecting the level of corporate profitability;
2. The epidemic repeatedly disrupts the sale and transport of end products: the epidemic repeats and spills or disrupts the end product 3. The demand for end products deteriorates: most of the chemicals integrated in the company are intermediate products that are subject to over-anticipated changes in supply and demand in the industrial chain.
4. Geopolitical risk: the end-point of the raw material, including, but not limited to, the disruption of the supply of crude oil as a result of an emergency, or the significant increase in the supply of crude oil as a result of an emergency, including but not limited to Central America.
5. The construction of projects has not progressed as expected: many of the projects are under construction, such as the construction of projects that have not progressed as expected, or have had an impact on profit projections;
6. Risk of significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar: while crude oil purchases are made in United States dollars, revenue-end settlements are dominated by the renminbi, daily operations require purchases of the dollar, sales of the renminbi, settlement, significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar or negative impacts on the performance of the company;
7. Other force majeure effects; Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which the final rating is calculated on average and built as average market investment