Crazy, 50% jump in a month! What's going on?
Remember about two months ago, talking to people about the Ninder era and electric cars, they'd be stunned, and they'd even have heard a lot of contempt and doubt. That was early November, when the BMW ordered a lot of news, and Germany's electric cars.
The subsidy program hasn't come out yet, Tesla's national product Model3 has not yet been delivered, and Ellen Musk is still facing a lot of questions and sarcasm in the media... but in a short month, the wind has changed.
At high point $114.5, the increase is over 50%, and you have no chance to breathe. And the industrial chain, whether it's mining, materials, or equipment, is moving up or down.
It is difficult to study whether the market, whether wind, sail, or the heart, is right when the market rises, but rather to insist when people question it, to see the true long-term direction of an industry and the true core of the industrial chain.
On the evening of 25 October, the company released a new three-quarterly report — 32.856 billion yuan in operating income in the first nine months of 2019, representing an increase of 71.70 per cent in the same year; 3.46 billion yuan in net profit from maternity, representing an increase of 45.65 per cent in the same year; operating activities now observe their fundamentals, but growth can be described as “crazy”. The three-quarterly report increased its operating income by more than 70 per cent, in 2019.
In the first three quarters, the national city was up to 50.58%. It is the power cell tap, the Ninder era. In this report, Merger Purchases will update its financial model Excel table, based on the tri-quarters of 2019, and will help to refine the core of the tri-quarters: industry status, which is still the uncontroversial flagship, 2019.
In January-September, its power cell load was 21.4gwh, with a national municipal rate of 50.58 per cent, up from 46 per cent in the semi-annual report. Quality of growth — 71.7 per cent growth in operating income over the year, 32 per cent increase in accounts receivable (including notes), 89.26 per cent increase in deposits over the same year, 74 per cent increase in sales costs over the same year, 8.11 per cent decrease in advance receipts over the same year and cash from operating activities
In terms of profitability – in the three quarters of 2019 – net interest rate was 11.44 per cent, down by 0.14 percentage points, Māori summed up this three-quarterly report: strong growth in city ownership, steady growth in the voice of the industrial chain, lower prices leading to profitability.
Under this type of data, today, before the modelling report is updated, we have to think about the factors that are worth analysing after the release of its three-quarters report. From the perspective of financial modelling, how will these changes affect financial modelling? (2) What is the difference between the performance of the three-quarters report in 2019 and the previous estimates?
3) This time, based on the updated data from the tri-quarters of 2019, in what room? Today, compared to the previous data, we started with the Ninder era to study the modelling logic of the new energy sector. In the area of new energy vehicles, we have studied the case of leading intelligence, stockholdings, new energy sources in the North, cars in the North, etc.
A professional version of the valuation report base, which captures the reports we have already made, as well as a detailed financial model of Excel for some of the priority cases, and an in-depth study of hundreds of companies and dozens of industries to reflect in depth on the nature of the industry. Which data is the key?
Since the tri-quarter report does not have disaggregated data disclosures, we mainly use the conversion of three-quarterly reporting data into annual figures, which is compared with the previous projection, and, if significant changes are made, the readjustment assumption is shown in purple fonts; if no, the assumption remains unchanged, and the updated blue font is used in the current report.
1) Power cell business - income projection formula: Income = total vehicle sales* new energy vehicle penetration*, single-car belt*, power* Ningde City * cell unit prices. There are differences between the individual parameters and the median forecast, with adjustments as follows: a. New energy vehicle penetration - 5.19 per cent in the three quarters of 2019, lower than in the first half of the year.
We're changing the assumptions about penetration rates, based on the three-quarterly report: because it's going to be detailed in the main text.b. City occupancy - in the first three quarters of 2019, the power cell load of the Ninde era was 21.4gwhh, with 50% of the city, up from 46% in the first half of 2019, and in the context of the decline in sales, dragons.
The split points, which are in line with the mid-reported expectations, maintain the original assumption that the future annual rate of cost will rise year by year at a rate of 1 per cent.4 Capital expenditure — until then, we had an optimistic and conservative view of the utilization factor: under the optimistic scenario, the current capacity utilization factor would increase from 73 per cent to 85 per cent; under the conservative scenario, the capacity utilization factor would remain unchanged at 73 per cent.
With the effect of capacity size, there is a higher degree of certainty about the increase in capacity utilization, so we simplify projections, remove scenarios, analyse scenarios, and only keep optimistic assumptions -- not much different, and this part of the projections remains the same.
Here, with the updated modelling report and the adjusted Excel table, you can compare the pre-update data and feel in depth -- according to the three-quarterly report, what minor changes have occurred to the fundamentals and how will these subtle change factors affect the intrinsic value?
In 2018, in a stock market, real control was held by a group of former shareholders, directly or indirectly holding 29.23% of the shares. According to the list of agencies with data on Choice, Hong Kong, Social Security Fund, Efonda, Merrillin, Gold Capital, Social Security Fund, and the Canadian annuity scheme are all listed.
In terms of changes in institutional holdings, the rate of institutional holdings was 56.34 per cent in the second quarter and 51.60 per cent in the third quarter. Alfonda reported an increase of 71.70 per cent in the third quarter of the year 2019 and a 42.31 per cent increase in the net profit on the third quarter alone. However, it is noted that in the third quarter alone, its income grew by 28.89 per cent in the same year, the net profit on the return fell by 7.2 per cent and the gross profit on the same year.
3.3 per cent, with an increase of 1.6 per cent over the same period, the impact of the subsidy slope is beginning to show in terms of three quarters of performance. Batteries consist of two main categories: lithium-powered cells, hydrogen-fuel cells. In this case, the main production of lithium-powered batteries.) Lithium-cell material — the recovery of used lithium-ion batteries and the addition of valuable metals, such as nickel-cobalt-manganese.
Industry, producing lithium ion battery materials for recycling. 3) Storage energy systems - high-energy lithium phosphate square batteries for large-scale power generation, transmission and distribution and power use, storage and back-up batteries to address wind and solar irregularities.
Upstream are: lithium lithium phosphate, tributary material, graphite, diaphragm, electrolyte, lithium battery materials and lithium electric equipment suppliers; downstream is the new-energy car plant as a whole; according to its public offer in 2018, its top five clients are Gilly, Praid, Wootong passenger vehicles, medium and east.
Windmill, with the top five clients accounting for 60.5 per cent of income and the higher concentration of the downstream new energy car market; the top five suppliers, leading intelligence, Kodali, Zhenhua, Taehua Yong Jiangsu, and the top five suppliers, with 19.75 per cent of total purchases and lower upstream concentration.
The above structure of the industrial chain forms the following reporting structure in this case: Figure: Roevs roic (in %)
In the Nind era, operations consisted mainly of three components: (i) power cells (87 per cent), (ii) lithium battery recovery (12.91 per cent), and (iii) battery material storage systems (0.09 per cent). First, the three sectors have fallen year by year, with a three-year compound growth rate of 262 per cent but a year-by-year decline in the same rate of increase, with revenues declining from 597 per cent to 47 per cent.
The decline in growth was due to the fall in vehicle sales due to the fall in vehicle subsidies for new energy sources. Lithium battery recycling — the business became a new growth point, with operating income rising at a similar rate from 2016 to 2018, with large variations in revenue and Māori growth rates for the three types of operations over the past three years, mainly due to different drivers.
As a result: 1) the power cell business is driven by the sale of new energy vehicles. 2) The battery recovery business is driven by the replacement cycle of lithium batteries and the price of raw materials.The storage system in this case is still in a pilot phase, accounting for only about 1% of revenue, and therefore in the subsequent modelling process
Without making detailed assumptions, we're primarily predicting the two major operations of power cell, lithium battery material -- so, these two major operations, how can we predict the future?
Look: one is battery load and two is battery unit value. The income from a power cell can be expressed using the following formula: Formula one: power battery income = unit price of a power battery * battery ($/wh) in which the load, i.e. the actual number of a power cell installed in an electric vehicle, is in sun (watt): unit price of a battery.
The more cars are sold, the more battery loads are naturally, and there's a close correlation. So, the power cells come in, we can continue to split them into:
Model II: Power cell load = new energy vehicle sales* single-car charge (kwh)*, combined with the above two formulas: Power cell revenue = new-energy vehicle sales*, single-car charge (kwh)*, market rate*, unit price of batteries (MB/wh)
According to the formula, if the operating income of power cells is to be projected, four indicators need to be projected: the volume of new energy vehicles, single-car charge, unit price of batteries, market share - future changes in these indicators will have a significant impact on the modelling of values, and how should they be analysed?
Power batteries are part of the cost of electric cars and the unit price of batteries has to decline to support the larger trend of electricization of fuel vehicles. In 2014-2018, the price of power cells in the Ningde era was $2.89/wh, $2.28/wh, respectively.
2.06/wh, 1.52/wh, 1.15/wh, decline at 15-20 per cent per year, with five-year compound reduction in battery prices influenced by a number of policy factors, including subsidy policies, improved supply-demand relationships, economies of scale, material formation 1) - in accordance with the policy guidance requirements of the Road Map for Energy Conservation and New Energy Vehicle Technologies: Power Powered Power 2020
The price of the pool system must be reduced to $1/wh.2) Increased competition - New Energy Car Subsidy is expected to be phased out in 2020, and when the policy is opened, the domestic battery plant will be fully competitive with the Japanese battery factory, which will inevitably compete for prices in the future.
3) The scale effect - the scale effect of the expansion has reduced the cost of power cell formation with the large capital expenditure of battery manufacturers - since 2018, the price of lithium and cobalt in power cell materials has fallen sharply, from 170,000 to 80,000 tons of lithium carbonate and from 140,000 to 40,000 yuan to 40,000 tons of cobalt sulphate.
So, in the long run, high nickel triton batteries will reduce material costs. And, according to Ningde, on 2 July 2019, the President of the Ningde era was a member of the World New Energy Automobile Congress 2019.
The speech said that by 2025, the energy density of the system could be 250wh/kg, and the price could be reduced to $100 ($700) to combine the above information, and we could reasonably assume that the power cell in this case would be reduced to $1/wh in 2020, and to 0.7/wh per year by 2025.
In the first half of 2019, the power cell system generated $16.89 billion, calculated that the unit cost of the power cell in the Ningde era was $1.07/wh in the first half of 2019, less than the actual battery cost of $1.15/wh in 2018. Compared to the current supply of power cells for Tesla, the battery price is $0.95/wh, as can be seen, and there is space for price reduction.
In the third quarter of 2019, the business income data were not disclosed in this case. According to a couple of coupons, the average q3 mobile battery price was between $1.02/wh-0.05/wh in 2019 and was below the 1.07/wh reported in mid-2019, and the ring ratio fell, according to the policy of the Road Map for Energy Conservation and New Energy Automobile Technology: the price of power cell systems must be reduced to $1 in 2020.
/wh, the energy density of the system can be 250wh/kg by 2025, and the price can be reduced to $100 ($700/kwh).
Sales = car sales * new energy vehicle penetration * single-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-load are more demanding.
(kwh/vehicle) at a combined annual rate of 14 per cent per annum, and under the subsidy policy for single-car loads, the amount of pure electric passenger vehicle vehicle per-car allowance = Min/mile subsidy standard, vehicle load x 550 yuan. The threshold value of mileage subsidy standard under 400 km is 18,000 yuan, 400 km.
The mileage subsidy threshold is $25,000. It turns out that if a vehicle is to receive a subsidy, it has an electrical load range of 32.7kwh-45.5kwh. The previous electricity intake forecast was based on the dimension of the subsidy policy.
In terms of market demand dimensions, a single-car charge is a very important indicator of the user's experience - a continuation mileage. In Tesla, for example, a short-range version of Modele3 consumes 13.5 degrees per 100 km, with 50 kwh, according to the commons.
Type: Continuing mileage = electricity consumption per 100 km, calculated to be approximately 380 km for the duration of the voyage, compared with one fuel vehicle, which is 400 km to 500 km for the duration of the journey. Currently, the average single-car capacity of the State-produced pure electric vehicles is about 33kwh, whether compared to imported electric vehicles or fuel.
There is still a significant difference in the amount of electricity in domestic cars. With the increase in the mileage requirement for renewal, the average mileage per vehicle is expected to increase year by year, stabilizing in the long term at 60kwh (450 km). Given that high continuity is a definite industry trend, here we make a reasonable assumption — a single-car belt for the next 10 years.
The electricity increase was at the pre-2016 subsidy rate of 7 per cent, and by 2028, the new energy passenger vehicle would have a single-car capacity of 62kwh (over 450 km) and the new-energy passenger vehicle would have a single-car capacity of approximately 37kwh in the first 10 months of 2019, at a rate of 15 per cent, slightly higher than originally assumed.
In the long run, the forward will be stabilized at 60kwh (450 km) and the original assumption will be maintained. Good, when the power-bearing problem is resolved, then there will be an important issue – the increase in the sales of new energy vehicles, with the formula calculated as: the sales of new energy vehicles = the traffic of new energy vehicles – the penetration rate of new energy vehicles.
In this formula, growth is driven by two factors, first by the recovery of overall vehicle sales, and second by the increase in the penetration of new energy vehicles. Let's look at these two drivers. In September of 2019, 1.525 million vehicles were sold in passenger cars and 3.12 million in commercial traffic, down from the same period in the previous year.
Our previous judgement of the car cycle in the Glossy Glass report. (This is limited to space, not detailed, and you can look for details in the professional version of the report.) On the basis of comparative data on the number of cars held by thousands, we believe that the probability of the overall increase in the sale of the car is more likely to hit the bottom.
Large. We have 140 car holdings and 790 and 590 vehicles in the United States and Japan, respectively. In comparison with the United States and Japan, we will gradually scale down to 4% over the next 10 years at an annual rate of about 8%.
The penetration rate, which refers to the share of new vehicles in total vehicle sales, is 5.19 per cent for the first three quarters of the year, according to the ICA, below the reported 5.56 per cent, and below the projected drop in penetration, which directly led to a negative increase in the volume of new energy vehicles. In July-September 2019, new energy vehicles were sold together.
The sale of 219,000 vehicles, with a cumulative increase of 19% over the same period, and the commercial sale of 25.9 million vehicles, with a cumulative increase over the same period - 27%. The sales of new energy-source vehicles have been negative in the last three quarters.
Given that the current penetration rate is no longer driven by external factors, in the medium to long term, the driving force behind the rise in the penetration rate of new energy vehicles comes from endogenous sources, i.e., when the cost of use is reduced, consumers buy spontaneously.
And we've been pushing it backwards since then, and the reason why the penetration rate stopped is probably the cost of using it. In this three-quarter update, we'll fine-tune the cost of using a car and divide it into the cost of purchasing it into one.
For example, the price of an electric version is $160,000, which is about $60,000 more than that of a fuel-based vehicle. Currently, the average price of a domestic new-energy car sold is about $160,000 (without subsidies) and an average of $123,000 after the subsidy, while the average price of a fuel car sold is $130,000.
2) Energy cost - The average fuel consumption of the fuel vehicle is approximately 7l, assuming an oil price of 7 yuan/L, at a cost of approximately 0.49 yuan per kilometre: electric vehicles, at a cost of about 15 degrees per 100 km, currently charged to between 1.5 and 1.9 yuan/degree, at a cost of approximately 0.27 to 0.29 yuan per kilometre. New energy cars are stored here.
The average useful life of a vehicle is 8-10 years and approximately 500,000 kilometres travelled, so that the depreciation cost of a new energy vehicle is calculated as: depreciation = (purchase price - residual value)/life. Assuming an average purchase price of 10,000 yuan, it is 1.5 times that of a fuel vehicle.
During the end-of-life cycle of a new energy vehicle, approximately $80,000 would be required to replace a battery. Three contrasts show that the cost of acquiring a vehicle would be about $30,000 more than the cost of a fuel vehicle; the cost of energy would be about $80,000 less than the cost of a fuel vehicle; the cost of depreciation would be about $100,000 more than the cost of a fuel vehicle.
This figure is not necessarily accurate, but it also reflects the current problem: once subsidies fall back on the slopes, sales are likely to fall back. At the heart of the future, and depending on technological advances in new energy vehicles, whether the cost can continue to shrink, the core of new energy vehicles is the cost of acquisition and the cost of depreciation, and therefore whether the penetration rate can recover in the short term, for example.
So, are these two costs likely to decrease? This case, as the core of the entire new energy vehicle (50% of the cost), is at the heart of the cost reduction.
From the formula, there are three paths to reducing the cost of acquisition and depreciation: 1) price reduction: 2) residual value increase: 3) useful life increase. The price reduction – which is a definite trend here, but the price reduction is conditional on cost reduction.
Ncm 811 yields, and the upstream resources (lithium, cobalt) have been significantly reduced. In the short term, battery costs are unlikely to fall significantly beyond expectations unless there is a much larger decline in resources, and therefore, in the short term, the path of a significant reduction in prices is not likely to have a longer life cycle than Nca, but ncm 811 has to be guaranteed to be used regularly and, if not used, life expectancy is rapidly declining, so,
In fact, the difference between ncm 811 and nca is not significant, which is why it is difficult to really distinguish between the two technological pathways. Given that there are no mature technological solutions in the current technological pathways, there is little likelihood of short-term activity here, but follow-up needs to be closely tracked.
Residual value - mainly for recycling, if the recycling industry chain is perfect, it can significantly increase the residual value of the power cell. This is therefore the focus of future attention in the battery industry chain. Battery recovery is divided into two categories, one for ladder utilization and the other for recycling refining.
Second-hand, scrap sales. Reclamation extraction, i.e., direct sale of scrap. Currently, tri-dollar battery materials can extract nickel, cobalt, lithium and other precious metals, with an economic benefit of 4.29 million per ton.
Dollars, converted into electricity, are about 0.17 yuan per wh. Currently, the benefits of direct recovery are very slow, and we see that Greenmill’s Māori rate is only around 20% and Roe is 8% in Greenmi’s home run in the field of battery recycling.
In the next three years, decommissioned batteries are dominated by lithium phosphate batteries and, after decommissioning, 80 per cent of the battery capacity is still available for more than 800 life cycles in storage capacity, mainly for the storage of energy cells at the 5g base station. It has been calculated that the Chinese Tower alone can eliminate most of the decommissioned batteries. Second, it can be used in low-speed electric vehicles.
Decommissioned batteries are applied to energy storage batteries at a price of about 0.65/wh, which means that there is a possibility of a rapid increase in the residual value as long as the ladder is growing faster than the direct recovery price of $0.17/wh.
In addition, in November 2019, the Ningde era began to work with the Haro bicycle to provide power switching services for two wheels of electric bicycles. On the basis of this analysis, although there has been a decline in penetration in the short term from the current data, as the recycling industry has improved, the rate of penetration has declined.
Assuming that battery recovery is perfect, end-of-life batteries recover $30,000, the cost of purchasing fuel and new energy vehicles is not very different. When it is clear here, we adjust the assumptions about the rate of penetration – taking into account changes in the penetration rates of a range of US households.
From 1893 to 1923, the penetration rate of cars rose from 0 per cent to 40 per cent, approximately 30 years; the penetration rate of computers rose from 1978 to 2002 to 60 per cent, approximately 30 years.
In 1908-1927, the penetration rate of electricity rose from 10 per cent to 60 per cent, approximately 20 years;
– Ten years of increased passenger vehicle sales are expected to gradually decrease from the pi rate to zero per cent, until the ceiling does not grow. above, some reasonable assumptions are made about the future volume of new energy vehicles – but, in the third quarter of 2019, the Ninder era held up as much as 50 per cent of the domestic market (41 per cent in 2018) and the global market.
31% (22.6% in 2018) and the market share rises again. We have to think about one thing: is the moat wide enough to protect or even expand its market share?
In the professional version of the report, an analysis has been made, but in the future, the rivals of the Ninder era are the international battery company giants -- and then we have to compare the advantages and disadvantages of the four power cell plants around the world from three dimensions.
Domestically, in 2019, three stars were formed in collaboration with Gilly (2) - high-end clients, deep-bound Audi and BMW. Of these, the electric versions of Odiq7, Porsche Carpenter, popular e-golf, all used three-star sdi power cells, with BMW sales accounting for 60%.[1]
At the domestic level, a joint battery company with Toyota has been set up in China. (4) In the Ninder era, the entire Japanese-Korean company has modern cars and Toyota.
In January-September 2019, global electric car sales ranked Top10, with the exception of Tesla and Biadey, were largely supplied by Ninder. By contrast, Ninder’s time was an absolute advantage in tying the head of the entire car.
1)lg chemistry - a total of 8134 patents, a single package, a single core energy density of about 250wh/g, a single life cycle of about 2,000; 2) three stars - a total of 8792 patents, a single battery of approximately squares, and a core energy density of about 210-230wh/g,
Single life cycle approximately 1,500 times; 3) pine - 5361 patents, battery cells dominated by cylindricals, core energy density approximately 260wh/g, single life cycle about 500-1000 times;
4) Catl - 1,900 patents, with cells in square form dominated by cells with a core energy density of about 217wh/g, with a single life cycle of about 1,800. Overall, the lg technology reserve is more comprehensive and the pine battery technology is more advanced. Patent holdings: three stars >lg chemistry.
In contrast to the energy density, battery energy density is ranked as loose >lg > tristar > > nynd > ; battery cycle life: lg > tristar > > Ningde > . Swinging has deactivated the power cell costs of four companies < < pine > > . < > > > > > > > . > > > > . > > > + > > > > > > sing > > > > > > . > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > >
The comparison, from the bottom to the top, is between pine (approximately $777/kwh), lg chemistry (approximately $980/kwh), tristar sdi (approximately $1077/kwh), followed by the Ningde era (approximately $1150/kwh), ranked fourth. In the third quarter of 2019, according to our calculations, the price of power cells in the Ningde era was about $1050/kwh, and Japanese-Korean power and electricity.
Next, we take down the cost structure and see what the cost difference is between the four companies. From the cost of power cells, the direct material is 80% or more, and the higher the direct material is the positive material, and the second is the direct material.
For manufacturing costs (including labour), about 12%. Thus, the difference in battery costs is mainly due to the use of three ncm materials in the direct material, whereas the other three are characterized by high nickel content and low cobalt content. Since cobalt is three times the price of nickel, the loose nca core is produced in the direct material.
At present, according to investors’ research, the ncm 811 of the Ninder era is now yielding, so the difference in cost between it and the pine is gradually narrowing. So what is the assumption for the market share in this case in the long run?
In October 2015, the Ministry of Information and Communications developed the Standard Conditions for the Automotive Battery Industry (known as the “White List”), which makes it clear that power cells on board new energy vehicles cannot be subsidized if they do not enter the catalogue. The White List includes power cell companies such as Ninder, Biade, but three star sdi, pine, lg chemistry, etc.
But today, in June 2019, the White List was officially abolished by the Ministry of Trade and Communications. In this case, the Ningde era itself was well received, and in 2017, the President of the Ningde era was once in a company.
An internal e-mail entitled "Does a typhoon really fly?"? It says, "A lot of people think that power cells are now Chinese business, because it's simple, because the country wants a Chinese core on a powered car, because the Chinese government provides a rich subsidy policy, because China is the first country in the world.
As we lie in the hotbeds of policy, the competitors are facing a life-and-death struggle, and the gap between the first step and the second step is conceivable. Have we thought, if foreign firms come back in the second half of the year, that we can still sleep blindfolded? Does the state protect uncompetitive firms? The answer is self-evident.”[2]
According to current data, the market share of the Ningde era was not affected. In the first half of the 2019s, power cells installed in the Ningde era amounted to about 13.6gwhh, with a domestic market share of 46%, up 5% from 41% at the end of last year. The city’s share rose by an over-predictable period. In January-September 2019, the case of our power cell loader, 42.76gwh, 21.4gwh in the previous three quarters, took place at a market rate.
In terms of global city coverage, the first four major battery plants: pine-down, Ninder-era, lgchem, byd, 32%, 31%, 11%, and 6%, respectively. Note, 2018, Ningde-era and Matsu.
The city's share is 22.6 per cent and 20.75 per cent, respectively. Given the binding of the entire factory and the fact that the cost is no longer clearly disadvantaged, we believe that the city's share in this case is very high, but from a long-term perspective, considering that the high market share requires larger capital spending and that the prices of the industry are higher.
The war is still looking at the potential for exacerbation, so we do not rule out the possibility that the Ningde era would be a trade-off between share and capital spending, and would be willing to slow the expansion. Therefore, our assumption of the city’s share remains optimistic and conservative:
On the basis of the above analysis, we are optimistic about the future market share of the Ningde era, with two scenarios: 1) optimistic - assuming that the Ningde era will remain high-growth and that the domestic municipal share will rise to Foyo Po in the next 10 years - and conservatively, it is expected that from 2019 onwards, the domestic municipal share of the Ningde era will be from the first half of the 2019s.
Ping, year-by-year reduction to 2016 (the market level for the competitive period of the China-Japan-Korean company before the White List was implemented) at 26%. Conservative assumptions remain unchanged. Combined calculations, the following income projections for power cell operations have been obtained.
Next, we have to look at another major business: battery recycling, what will future revenues? Lithium battery recycling, mainly through the controlling subsidiary Guangdong Bump, is done through the recycling of used power cells on the market, and pre-triple drives are made for sale. Because the pre-trillion ton price is essentially the same as the market price.
Less, but according to our analysis of penetration rates above, the strategy is significant, and this part of the revenue can be split: Lithium battery material revenue = pre-trivalent ton prices* battery recovery
1) The price of a three-dollar drive - mainly nickel-cobalt-manganese hydroxide (ncm). In 2018, the price of a cobalt-based metal rose sharply, and the price of a three-dollar drive rose sharply in the country. The price of a three-dollar drive (type 523) rose to 153,000 yuan/tonne, increasing 1.5 times the price.
Cobalt prices have been falling since the second half of 2018, and at present they have largely returned to stable levels in 2016 and before, so that the future pre-triaded tonnage is likely to be stable. So here we make the reasonable assumption that future pre-triple-carriage prices will stabilize at an average of 5.24 million in 2016.
2) Battery recovery - Battery recovery comes mainly from the end-of-life lithium batteries on the market. So, the rate of recovery increases are influenced by the replacement cycle of lithium batteries.
The outbreak of new energy vehicles in 2015 increased sales at a rate of 333.8 per cent, with a projected first surge in the decommissioning of lithium batteries in 2018, based on an active life of 3-5 years. The expected majority of phosphate lithium batteries in end-of-life batteries between 2018 and 2020 are expected to have less precious metal content in phosphate lithium.
The end-of-life of three-dollar material batteries is expected to begin to increase from 2021 and the recovery of the pre-triple drive will therefore be reduced to a rate consistent with the increase in the sale of new energy batteries.
In the first half of 2019, the battery recovery business generated $2,309 million, an increase of 32.14 per cent over the same period, and no specific recovery volume was disclosed. As no specific recovery volume was disclosed in the battery recovery business in the first half of 2019, no adjustments were assumed for the time being.
It is worth noting that — if only one method is used to determine the speed of the increase, which is less referencing, then how can the above logic be tested to see if it is reasonable?
However, due to the short period of time in which the case was listed and the fact that only two three-quarterly reports were disclosed, this method has limited credibility, and we use other methods to verify it.
Overall, the institutional projections vary considerably in 2019, as a result of a slightly supermarket expectation of q3 performance. Previously, the market was concerned that the city was the best, but the q3 data showed another increase. This probably means that in the future, the part of the revenue forecast for the valuation model has been completed -- and then we have to focus on the analysis that it earns every year.
By contrast, the Māori rate was higher in the Ningde era because of differences in the structure of the business, the wide range of operations of the undispensed appliances, the low reference level, the lig chemistry of the lig group.
The three-star sdi is a three-star group ' s battery and electronic material plate, and the business is relatively comparable. Horizontal contrasts, the lig and three-star sd are right, and the trend is increasing year by year; the Māori rate was higher in the Ningde era, at about 23% left (32.97% in 2018) and is declining year by year from 2016.
The decline in the Māori rate during the Ningde era was mainly due to two factors: price, the impact of the fall in subsidies, the downside in power cell prices, and cost, where raw material prices were influenced by a significant increase in cobalt prices, and positive material prices, which led to a significant increase in costs, which, net of depreciation, consisted mainly of raw materials, which accounted for more than 80 per cent of the cost of manufacturing.
Previously, Ningd was dominated by ncm523, and the ratio of high cobalt and low nickel to higher raw material costs. In the future, it is expected to be dominated by high nickel trinity ncm 622, ncm811 with higher energy density.
The cost of manufacturing kwh at 202, ncm 811 is 3.4% lower than the cost of ncm 523 so that the trend towards a higher share of high nickel in the future will drive the cost of batteries down.
Overall, at the cost end, long-term lithium cell unit costs will decline, but prices will also decline as a result of increased competition after the opening of the market (bringing to a relatively standardized product), and the gap between the Maori rates of the four major players is expected to narrow in the future. But, in a horizontal comparison, the Māori rates of the two national power cell giants are still higher than those of Japanese firms.
So, here, Merger Mergers makes a reasonable assumption – that the annual cost rate will rise at a rate of 1% per year in the future. Considering the higher degree of certainty about the decline in power cell prices, it is expected that the likely future Māori rate will continue to decline, so maintaining the original assumption that once this problem is resolved, we will look at the forecast of the cost for the period less depreciation and amortization.
Management costs - the ratio of management costs (excluding depreciation for R & D) to operating income for 2016-2018 was 14.03 per cent, 13.95 per cent and 11.15 per cent, respectively, assuming that the unburned portion of the power batteries required constant investment in energy density and safety, in addition to the cost and cost of raw materials above, there is a large amount - the power cell business.
At present, the Nender era has six production bases at home and abroad, with power cell output of about 23 gwh in 2018, exceeding the 18.55gwh under pine, and is the leading industry in terms of capital spending as a share of income.
In the first half of the year, capital spending amounted to $4,663 million, representing a slightly higher share of income. Capital spending in the Ningde era was mainly for the construction of power cell production bases.
At present, five major production bases are being built and planned, namely: 1) the Lithium ion ion cell production base project, which was launched in 2018 for financing. The project was invested in $9.86 billion, 3) in 2019, the expansion of Lake Fujianinder west, with an investment of $4.6 billion, and a total production capacity of about 15 gwh in 2022.
(4) In 2017, Ninder started a power cell business in the era of joint ventures with upper gas, and the first phase of the project was launched, with a total investment of $4.4 billion in the second phase and a projected capacity plan of 15gwh in 2021.5 In 2019, the Ninder era was built for a period of 60 months at Turingen, Germany, for a period of 60 months.
There are 36gwh, 50gwh, 62gwh. Currently, the capacity utilization rate is about 80%, and the original capacity plan is almost three years old.
Here, let's reflect. In the first coverage report, there are clear limitations to the assumption of capital spending, whether Ninder's time city was reduced from 46 per cent to 26 per cent, or 46 per cent to 60 per cent, assuming that the expansion of capacity corresponds to one capital expenditure.
But it is clear that the capital expenditure needed to reach 60 per cent of the city in real terms should be much higher than the capital expenditure needed for 26 per cent of the city’s share. So, we updated the capital expenditure forecast in the model.
On the basis of the capacity assumed above, for capital expenditure, the amended assumption of Mergers and Acquisitions is as follows: 1) Construction in progress - mainly additional construction in progress, with the new construction in progress formula being:
Of this amount, the output line is about RMB 400 million for each additional power cell capacity of 1 gwh. 2) Performance utilization - based on the stock offer, which discloses a capacity utilization rate of more than 85 per cent, a greater difference from 73 per cent disclosed by the voucher provider, and significant variation in overall capacity utilization in the power cell industry, mainly due to the phase-out of low-end phosphate lithium batteries
So, we make two scenarios: a, under optimistic scenarios, assuming that the Ningde era could use capacity utilization from 73 per cent to 85 per cent of domestic capacity utilization in glamorous glass, by increasing voice, pre-harvest and technological breakthroughs; and b, under conservative assumptions, using capacity.
The rate remains unchanged at 73%. When the three-quarterly report is updated, taking into account the increased impact of the Ninder era’s flagship size, its capacity utilization rate is likely to increase gradually, and it is not the core driving factor that influences the valuation here, where we simplify projections and leave only optimistic assumptions.
2) Since the depreciation period for machinery and equipment was adjusted from 5 years to 4 years, the method of calculating the depreciation age of fixed assets is adjusted for housing (31 per cent), machinery and equipment (65 per cent) and transport equipment (2.18 per cent) as a weight of total fixed assets The overall depreciation age for fixed assets is 8.95 years, which is lower than the 13 years originally assumed.
3) As a result of the relatively small share of long-term outstanding costs, combined with intangibles, it is assumed that capital expenditure for the projection period of the Ningde era in the future will be as follows:
So there's another way to boost free cash flows, which is -- lower operating capital. So, future operating capital, up and down, talking power. In the third quarter of 2019, net operating capital as a share of income in the Ningde era fell to negative, indicating that its industrial chain is stable.
1) downstream voice rights - mainly receivables, advance receipts. Impact of adjustment of vehicle subsidy policy, tight cash flows from downstream fully financed car manufacturers, prolonged repayment cycles and upward pressure on accounts
As can be seen from the above figure, there is a certain seasonality in the accounts receivable at the auto parts manufacturing plant, which is relatively high during the quarter and gradually disappears during the period.
At the end of the year, accounts receivable were relatively low. In the third quarter of 2019, their share of income was 29.52 per cent, which was lower than in the lateral contrasts, when accounts receivable in the Ningde era were close to the glass and were at a lower level in the industry; and the right to voice in the highland industry chain at the power cell cr3 was significantly lower than in the Ningde era.
53.92 per cent of the year; after 2021, the market pattern was stable, and the repayments were gradually reduced to a very low level in history, at 42.87 per cent. There was a decline; this indicates a higher than expected increase in voice power, so the original assumption was changed to: 42.87 per cent; overall, the industrial chain of the Ningde era was upgraded and the voice of downstream was significantly enhanced.
The increase in the proportion of income received in advance represents a further increase in the speaking power of the Ningde era, with a change to an average value of 18.75 per cent for only six quarters. The increase in the pre-receipt share of 21.95 per cent in the third quarter of 2019 is slightly lower than the one reported, so we maintain the original assumption.
2) Upstream speech rights - mainly accounts payable (less than 1% of prepaid accounts, without a detailed analysis). By comparison with industry, Ningde and Kuoko have a stronger upstream voice, followed by Biadi, with a glass at the end. This is mainly due to the power cell upstream of the chemical raw material plant, weak speech rights, subsidies, after the fall of the slopes, power cell plants.
It is possible to transfer some of the financial pressures upstream. So the original assumption is maintained that the historical average of 99 per cent of the cost of accounts payable and notes payable is taken. The three-quarterly report in 2019 reported 103 working days of accounts payable, with no overall change, and no adjustment is made.
3) Operational efficiency — mainly based on inventory — has also been reduced in this case, when the stock turnover rate has been reduced and the structure of the inventory has been broken down and it has been found that the share of goods issued has risen significantly, from 12.27 per cent in 2016 to 46 per cent in 2018.
Similarly, mainly as a result of the down-stream client pressure period, compared with industry, after 2018, inventory turnover days in the Ningde era were close to Fukuga/Biadi, stabilized at around 95 days (i.e., three months), and stock turnover was low at about 180 days (i.e., six months).
Therefore, our reasonable assumption is that the delay in the turnover rate is due mainly to the release of some of the unacknowledged income, which is expected to be confirmed in q2 in 2019. Therefore, it is assumed that the future ratio of inventory to cost will be maintained at an average of three years.
So far, industry's abysmalness has not led to a slow shift in the stock week, and as the last three quarters have changed less, here's where the main variables in the valuation modeling have been identified. After assuming it's done, the modelling is the process of water to the canal. All of the above is a table to measure the financial model - an excel to the case.
Before doing the modelling, let's take a look at the basics of the case: 1) what future growth looks like, and how the automobile industry is growing (thousands of people with car holdings, about 4% over the next 10 years).
2) In the case of the moat, the glass can be used as a reference, and the product quality plus cost advantage plus downstream binding can be used as a moat to block competitors in the future. In the case of the transport radius, the moat is deeper. 3) The pattern of competition, in this case, is a power cell tap, with over 50% of the city, and 31% of the world's cities are only twice.
In the third quarter of 2019, roic-tttm (exploitation of cash) became more competitive in the market, leading to an increase in price wars. In this case, several of the main variables in the valuation model have been identified.
It's a water-to-water process. All of the above is a table for financial modelling and a detailed valuation matrix for some of the priority companies.
For example, for Yangtze power, for Haekang electricity, for Haikangwe, for example, the model portion of the valuation, as follows:
In the next professional and technical editions of the report, we will address the following major issues in this case along these lines. Only by thinking clearly about these issues will we be able to understand this company thoroughly, forming a logical circle. Many people think that by relying solely on industrial logic analysis, they can run around the secondary market -- but, in fact, if we do,
Without a clear picture of the two factors of valuation modelling and financial risk, there will still be a great disaster: 1) In the financial modelling process in this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies. What is the difference between the data compartments that have been produced, and whether there is something to think about?
2) Does the combination of relative valuations, absolute valuations, and the resulting range of valuations be logical? Where are the differences? If sensitivity analyses are conducted, what is the impact of wacc and acceleration on valuations? (3) This case is one of the most important in the industry chain - different methods in the valuation modelling process in this case.
What difference does it make? How should all the financial forecasts be combined to form a closed link to the valuation model?
The value of the case is whether it is expensive or cheap in what areas? Because of the public details of the report, there is a conflict with the paying user of the merger-ordered report, the M & A team will be required to report to the user, part of it will no longer be free of charge, and gradually try to pay for the function.
Paying a reasonable price for good products is the way to make the world a better place -- the cost that everyone pays will help us to add more investment elites from the top universities around the world, and the M&A team will also be able to purchase deeper industry data from a global range, so that it can continue to evolve and provide more productive research for all.
In this case, it will be updated to the team's Core Product One: A Professional Valuation Report Book. If you are interested in this case's [value section] and more, you can scan the bottom two-dimensional code, get details of the valuation modeling in this case, and the financial risks that may be involved.
As reports cannot be made public, as well as significant risk points, they will be included. Moreover, many of the functions not available to the public, including valuation modelling forms for priority companies, will be available for downloading paid members, the history of mergers and acquisitions, and the associated report ratings.
Check core product one, professional version of the valuation report library, obtain model tables and invoices after purchase, please add staff micro-letters: ys_dsj
In addition to the case of Valuable Lands, Security Margins, these eight words are the real core of the value investment research system, and they are Bafeit, Charlie Munger, Seth Callaman, Peter Lynch, John Neve, Joel Greenbrattts.
You can only live in the market if you have skills in financial analysis, industrial analysis, riverine analysis, valuation analysis, portfolio analysis.
But since valuation is not just a measure of data, it also needs to be based on an understanding of the market, an analysis of the industry, and a rigorous calculation of data, the area of expertise is extremely high, often daunting, and therefore resource-restrictive.
This is a huge bottleneck in the career development and investment systems of our marketers, and that is the direction that the M&A team will work for for the rest of its life -- together with us, we'll hit the cards every day for 10 years to study 10,000 companies.
We've been thinking about the research system for almost five years, hundreds of research cases in nearly three years, and hundreds of excellent valuation reports, all of which are concentrated in this library, on the one hand, the merger.
We're a group of researchers that focus on deep corporate research. This library, which enriches our research excellence, is a guide for all users of the M&A. I hope you'll get what you want: you'll get what you want every day you want.
This paper is based on public corporate attributes, organized in accordance with their legal obligations to publicly disclose information such as financial analysis, auditing, advertising, etc., and not for the future.
We seek to be accurate, but we do not guarantee its completeness, accuracy, timeliness. The market is at risk, and research needs to be cautious. 3) With regard to the subject: Financial modelling reports, there is a huge workload, covering only some of the priority industries and cases, and there is no guarantee that all the cases you need will be covered.
On the platform: All the content of the Yogurt team is exported only from the micro-credit platform, is not responsible for any other platform content, and we reserve the right of legal recourse in case of counterfeiting or infringement of the platform.