A 28% increase in performance in the same quarter continued to drive priority project construction, taking advantage of the synergies between the industry chain layout and global supply chains, and operating resiliently. Companies disclosed 2023 foundation chemicals.
Third Quarterly Report: A slowdown in the growth rate of the economy, a slowdown in the demand for polyurethane overseas, a low production climate in domestic premises, and a fall in global fuel and gas base energy prices, new fossilized energy in the petrochemical sector, which is still in a concentrated release period and with demand not recovering as expected, are being squeezed.
In the first three quarters, the company achieved a total of polyurethane series, petrochemical series, fine chemicals and new material systems.
However, the downside, root-breeding, and win-win marketing strategies that are still being implemented in the face of the tide have fully unleashed the synergies between the industrial chain layout and the global supply chain, demonstrating greater operational resilience. The new applications of polyurethane materials are being explored on a continuous basis.
In the first three quarters of 2023, various devices, such as Van Huafujimdi and tdi, were put into operation; the process of industrialization of product technologies, such as pc, improved energy poe, lemon aldehyde, spices, etc.
In the future, the company will continue to push forward the construction of priority projects such as Ethylene II, Penglai I, Fujiantdi II. The petrochemical, fine chemical industry is expanding steadily, and it is active in new materials, new energy.
Operationally, there is a consistent commitment to good product marketing and efficiency gains; fine chemicals and new materials are a source of dynamism for the development of the Department.
In addition, the company's deployment of nuclear power, photovolts, etc., will be part of the project.
We firmly believe that the company will be built as the whole of "Men chemistry" (600309.sh) - a return to growth in revenue, building a global one.
First Class Chemical New Materials Corporation, as a large chemical company, will be more competitive. “Wanhua Chemical (600309.sh) - The Downward Performance of the Product, which is still on the downside, has a positive annual net return profit of 174.68/2222.7282 billion yuan, equal to the increase in the rate of return.
The reverse is still taking full advantage of the synergies between the industrial chain layout and the global supply chain, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
As a result, the demand for polyurethane abroad has slowed, the domestic real estate landscape has been depressed, prices for major products have declined on a year-on-year basis, demand for some products is still recovering, global oil and gas base energy prices have fallen back on year-on-year and are affected by geopolitical instability, and the petrochemical sector is still in a period of concentrated release and demand has not recovered as expected, with profitability.
The production of ester series, petrochemical series, fine chemicals and new materials series of products was 365, 338, 1.18 million tonnes, respectively; and the previous projections. Overall, the overall rate of continued pressure on the company’s operations and the profit base decreased slightly.
However, a counterproductive marketing strategy of sinking channels, rooting for sales, and co-winning has fully taken advantage of the synergies between industry, chain layout, and global supply chains, demonstrating greater operational resilience. In the first half of 2023, various devices, such as Van Huafujimdi and tdi, were put into production, and several products, such as pc, were expanded.
Among them, it is worth mentioning that the 100,000-ton Tdi device was shut down in the beginning of February 2023, and a 250,000-ton new device was added in May 2023, and it has been acquired with a huge capacity of 15+80,000 tons (Sinjiang and Mountain Power plus Smoking Power, Huanhua Chemical Acquisition of 47.81% of Smoking Power, and 10,000).
In addition, with regard to fine chemicals, the company's business is closely following key target clients, actively developing non-traditional regional operations and selling up; with the launch of the company's biphenola project, the entire chemical pc industry chain is better equipped and marketed.
For future projects, companies will continue to work on priority projects such as Ethylene II, Punley II, and Fujiantdi II.
In R & D, in 2023, the quality of company tdi products was upgraded to industry leadership levels. Various self-research technologies were accelerated, the Fujian tdi device was successfully driven, and the optic-grade ms resins were tested to produce qualified products. Hydrogen resins, modified icylates, tpu, etc.
In addition, Wenhua chemistry continues to expand its collaboration with higher education institutions in the production and development of advanced disciplines. Companies continue to innovate, and campuses have made sustained breakthroughs in energy conservation and consumption through the optimization of their processes.
Polyurethane: Long-term mdi demand will continue to grow steadily Quarterly, with a net benzene average price of $7,467 per ton, a decrease of 11.08 per cent over the same period.
In terms of the price of pure mdi, the Shanghai pipeline is concentrated in 2000-20800, and the import channel is concentrated in 21000-21500 tons (with tax drums on its own).
In-house supply has been reduced. The 410,000 tonnes/year mdi plant in South Korea has been suspended for a period of one month in early October, and the overall overseas supply is expected to be more stable than last week.Covestro data show that global demand for mdi has continued over the past 10 years, in terms of medium- and long-term demand in mdi.
Rates increase. We see that medium- and long-term mdi supply and demand patterns are still good, and the expansion of non-aldehyde furniture will give rise to the growth point that mdi needs. Technically, the continuous process optimization of mdi, tdi, hdi, etc., is reflected in increasing response efficiency, reducing costs, improving product purity and quality.
In the area of emerging applications, in recent years, the new polyurethane applications have been continuously cultivated and explored by wanhua chemistry: the world's first continuous production of an ellipsic-free plywood, which is largely stable, accelerating the upgrading of downstream industries and completing the laying of five polyurethane surfaces; and the successful development of a pilot polyurethane hard bubble recycling technology, which is working with the refrigerator tap company
Petrochemical operations: ongoing construction of the petrochemical industry chain cluster, enhanced market influence. MVP communiqué, April 8, 2022: company plans to build new high-performance materials integration and accompanying project plans, total investment, through a controlled subsidiary, Huanhua Chemistry (Punley)
The project construction period is planned to run from 2022 to 2025. On December 13, 2022, the Huanhua Chemical Proclamation: plans were made to invest $17.6 billion in the construction of 1.2 million tonnes/yearly ethylene and downstream high-end polyolefins.
In terms of company strategy, petrochemical phase I products continue to consolidate industry head suppliers through structural optimization, and petrochemical phase II products are working together internally to upgrade product development, manufacturing, and application capabilities. In 2022, the Van Huai Honglai project began its work.
In the first three quarters of 2023, against the background of energy shocks and a slowdown in demand, there was a need to maintain synergies in production and marketing, optimize product structure, reduce efficiency gains, and strengthen resource channelling, both within and outside the country and between regions, to reduce price shocks, optimize logistics costs and enhance market impact.
RMB/tonne, 29.82 per cent increase in the same year; SBS price, $9.457/t, 4.49 per cent increase in the same year; Shandong price, $7,145/t, 50.94 per cent decrease in the same year; Shandong price, $7,825/t, 43.51 per cent decrease in the same year; Shandong price, $9.805/t decrease in the same year; npg price, 46.46 per cent decrease in the same year
The hydrogen price was $10,325 per tonne, a decline of 48.16 per cent in the same year; the price of the Chinese domplas was $8,043 per ton, a decline of 6.48 per cent in the same year; the price of the Chinese lldpe membrane was $8,077 per ton, a decline of 4.12 per cent in the same year; and there were breakthroughs in the areas of fine ethylene pvc and emerging materials, which continued the process of industrialization.
In 2022, the company (1) Functional Chemicals Industry Department: the dodi business seized the opportunity to expand its market share and continuously expand its global strategic client share. (2) The surface materials industry, with its record sales of water resin, is leading the industry in a number of areas such as car interiors, glues, shoes, plastics, wood paints, high-end industrial paints, high-end building materials, etc. (3).
With regard to the New Materials Enterprise, the company has achieved a sustained increase in total sales of tpu, with a breakthrough in critical technology and serial production of tpu clothing products. The high-performance polymer industry has achieved an increase in sales revenue, the net pc market share of the country has entered three years before it became the country’s first company with a high silicon content pc, and the export of pc products abroad has increased significantly for the fourth year in a row.
In the first three quarters of 2023, the company ' s business was closely following key target clients, actively developing non-traditional regional operations and increasing sales; with the introduction of the company ' s biphenola project, the company ' s chemical pc industry chain was better equipped, market share and profitability were further enhanced; and the company was steadily moving forward with the industrialization of new and emerging business such as Poe, Lemon ellipse, fragrances, etc.
Investment proposal: maintain the “buy-in” rating. Short-term cycle fluctuations do not change the company's long-term value, and we firmly believe that the company will build a global workforce and become the world's leading new material production base.
The focus will continue to be on mdi, tdi, with a focus on enhancing polyether, modified mdi and supporting platform capabilities, and maintaining a single set of core competitivenesss, low construction costs, and high integration. At the same time, strategic corporate planning for new materials, new energy sources, and many priority projects have progressed.
We maintain the company’s 2023-2025 profit forecast: we expect the company’s net return profits for 2023-2025 to come from compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author