The new production capacity continues to be released, polyurethane taps are now ready to be deployed.
zhangwb@cfsc.com.cn chain, perfecting the regional layout, releasing new plant capacity, increasing the sales of major business plates on an equal basis. The company sold 3.65 million polyurethane units in the first three quarters of the year.
Tons and 3.59 million tons, +16 per cent and +14 per cent respectively; q3 quarter sales, +8844 and +9 per cent, respectively, q3 quarter pure mdi and +50.8 billion aggregates, +2 per cent.
+11%, ring ratio + 1%. The company ' s combined sales of petrochemical plates in the first three quarters were 100 million yuan, compared to 8% in the previous three quarters. The company ' s combined sales of new material plates were 100 million yuan, compared to 15% in the previous three quarters.
The previous three quarters had been marked by a year-on-year decline in the global price of basic energy sources such as crude oil and natural gas, a year-on-year decline in the company ' s main chemical feedstocks and European companies ' energy costs, and a recovery in gross interest rates. In the first three quarters of 2023, the company ' s Māori ratio was 16.8 per cent, compared with the same year.
Billion dollars, 50.8 per cent of construction-in-progress/fixed assets, higher overall cost of research and development and construction-in-progress inputs. Reorganization of acquisition of copper-group chemical industries and increased battery competition
In November 2023, the company issued an announcement to hold 51% of the shares in the copper group chemical industry through equity transfers, replenishments, etc., and 34% of the shares in the non-chemical industry, with a veto on important matters.
Building on unique resource endowments, location advantages, industrial infrastructure, human security, and over 30 years of construction and development, it has become a large number of industries dominated by chemical mines selection, parathion chemicals, fine chemicals, new materials, commercial and trade logistics, real estate development, etc.
The metachemical conglomerates are important industrial bases for parathion chemical industries and new paint industries in the country. Two listed companies, the controlled “Six National Chemical Industries” (sh600470) and the “Anada” (sz002136).
The sales of powder, acetylide, sulfur ore, and phosphate in batteries are among the highest in the country. Reorganization will further improve the upstream raw material supply chain and increase the core competitiveness of the battery business.
The mining industry has 34% participation, further securing phosphorus mineral resources, resolving bottlenecks and improving product competitiveness for the phosphorus resource needs of the chemical future of Mandarin. At the same time, taking into account the experience and technical advantages of the mature coal industry, it will further optimize copper.
Gasification plants of chemical groups to further increase competition in the market for existing products of the copper group The risk of recurrent outbreaks; the risk of large price fluctuations of products; the risk of less than anticipated construction of projects; and the risk of being constrained by environmental policy start-up.
The Chemical Group introduced Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industry, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of experience in research by sellers, ten years of experience in buyer research, good at judging industries and companies through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition.
In 2023, he joined the Chinese securities research program Liu Han: Material Engineering at Nakayama University/Master of Finance at the City University of Hong Kong, and three years of major research in energy chemicals reflected his research. I did not, and will not be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.