A second growth curve was drawn for battery material operations.
\triangleright \triangleright Immediate announcement that with the adoption of the purchase of part of the shares of the current shareholders in the Copperification Group by the \triangleright Chemical Group and its associated parties, the copper group implemented the separation of companies and maintained the chemical-industrial-related companies in the existing companies and will de-regulate them.
In order to eventually achieve 51% of the shareholding of a split copper group, and to have control, 34% of the shareholding of a split non-chemical company is held by a non-controlled shareholder.
The trading parties agreed that the benchmark date would be 31 October 2023, and that the maximum trading value of the shares (i.e., the value of the shares of the pre-copperification group) of the dechemical companies involved in this case would not exceed 6 billion yuan.
The parties are the State Capital Operations Holdings Group of the City of Copper Mahals Ltd., the New Materials of Angkori Valley Co. Ltd., Liu Hai Yung An Qi Crane Investment Company Ltd., and the Investment Group Holdings of Angé Province Ltd.
The copper industry, based on unique resource endowments, position advantages, industrial infrastructure, and human security, has built and developed over 30 years.
It has become a diversified grouping of industries dominated by chemical mines selection, parathion chemicals, fine chemicals, new materials, commercial logistics, real estate s010122080022 development, and is an important industrial base for parathion in the country.
Two listed companies, the Holdings “Six National Chemical Industries” (sh600470) and “Anada” (sz002136). The dominant products, such as phosphorous compost, titanium powder, phenyl anhydride, sulfur ore, battery material phosphorus, etc., are among the top domestic counterparts.
1. Quanhua Chemistry (600309.sh) 3-quarter 2023 reports multiple synergies to improve the industrial chain for operations such as battery materials.
1. With this reorganization, the MS will further improve growth by 2023/10/16 up the supply chain of raw materials and enhance the core competitiveness of the battery business. 2. The copper group titanium powder is in the industry.
The top ten, the business complements and co-operates with the existing paints in HDRO. 3. Through this reorganisation of the 30 HDZ (600309.sh) reporting site in the first quarter of 2023, HDZ will participate in 34% of the copper group ' s mining operations to further safeguard the phosphorous mineral resources.
phosphorus resource requirements for the future of the HDW chemical address bottlenecks and improve product competitiveness. Based on the experience and technical advantages of mature coal-chemicals, the copper group gasification device will be further optimized, with the HDan chemical (600309.sh) annual report for 2022:
The main business scene has recovered, and new materials have gradually increased the competitive advantage of the copper group’s existing product markets. Investment proposals: Business such as battery materials is a new development that has been the focus of Man-hwa in recent years, this time.
In-depth study of wanhua chemistry (600309.sh): The company is the leader of the polyurethane and new materials industry, and in 2024 the company planned to launch a large number of ongoing projects. We take stock of the company's long-term development trends and maintain a “recommended” rating.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.