The new materials business continues to grow, and the proposed acquisition of the copper conglomerate chemical industry incident: the company published a three-monthly report in 2023, and the company collected it in the first three quarters of 2023.
The company announcement started in November 2023 and the sum of $18,000 per ton for the summity of mdi in the China-China chemical group, Inc. (a reduction of $1,500 per ton from September prices, no change from October): $24,500 per ton for pure mdi (a change from September and October)
Polyurethane products continue to grow in income and petrochemical plate pressure. According to company business data, polyurethane production was sold at 3.65 million tons and 35.9 million tons in the first three quarters of 2023, compared to the same period, with a rise in polyurethane price ring q2.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) is expected to further consolidate the industry’s flagship position, and the PUR plate’s profitability will increase further.
The number of fine chemicals and new materials operating plates continues to grow and new products are being developed. 2023 The production of fine chemicals and new materials in the first three quarters of the year was 1.18 million per 1.17 million.
Tons, +66.2%/+72.1% of the same year, significant amounts. In the future, the company will focus on expanding high-performance materials, focusing on the production of poe and on upgrading of membrane materials, and in the future it will be expected to make further progress on projects such as lemon aryl, fragrances, membrane materials and battery materials.
On 7 November, the Department issued an announcement to hold the Bronze Group chemical industry through equity transfers, replenishments, etc.
51% shareholding; 34% shareholding in the non-chemical industry and one vote in the veto on important matters. Copperification is a diverse grouping of industries dominated by chemical mines selection, parathion chemicals, fine chemicals, new materials, commercial and trade logistics, real estate development, etc., and is important domestically.
The sales of high-efficiency products such as phosphorus compost, titanium powder, phenylhydride, sulfur ore, batteries, phosphate.
Upstream raw material supply chain to enhance core competitiveness of battery operations; full use of complementarities and synergies between copper group titanium powder operations and existing paint operations: 34 per cent of companies will participate in copper group mining operations to further safeguard phosphorous mineral resources; companies will rely on mature coal miners to operate through
The continued growth in new material operations and the proposed acquisition of chemical industry and technical advantages for the copper group will further optimize the copper group gasification unit and further enhance the competitive advantage of the group's existing product markets.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: With science, technology and innovation as the first core competitiveness, companies continue to optimize their industrial structure, covering polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals and new materials clusters, and have developed into a global, first-class chemical material company.
Pool material operations, which will further enhance the price volatility of the company ' s battery industry and raw materials, environmental policy changes and production safety risks, will be further enhanced through the acquisition of copper group chemical operations, which will continue to increase.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts as they are. The contents and observations in the report are only for reference purposes and do not constitute a reference to the statements in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.