The company issued an announcement on November 7, 2023 that the company and its associates would choose to re-finance the company.
Purchase of shares, exchange of shares, etc., which eventually hold 51% of the shareholding of the split copper group (chemicals) and have control; 34% of the shareholding of the split non-chemical company, non-consumptive shareholders, one veto on important matters, cap on transactions
Up to RMB 6 billion: If the transaction is completed, the Bronze Group chemical industry and the market value of its subordinates (RMB): RMB 87.20 The company ' s six national chemical workers and the actual controller of Anada will be changed to the Smoky City State Finance Committee.
Improving the layout of the industrial chain and creating good synergies with the existing business. The company's target for this acquisition is 1. " Manpower Chemical: Keeping its performance steady, looking forward to new projects." The copper group is the country's important industry base for the parathion industry and the new paint industry.
After the acquisition, the group ' s Parathion Chemical Industries, Fine Chemicals and New Materials will be included in the W.W. 2. "W.W.C.A. Review: Recovering + New Capables, Performance on a Seasonal basis " , corporate maps of chemicals, six national chemicals (phosphorus sulfur production) of two major companies held by the group.
Rehabilitating, 2023.7.28 and Anada (Tiktanium Chain), respectively, will be associated with the Mandarin Chemical Battery Materials and 3.
The paint industry has developed in synergy, enriching the company's existing industrial chains, and providing better company battery materials, 2023.4.29 provides upstream raw materials, further entrenching the company's integrated layout advantages.
Upstream resource layout and construction of cost advantages through equity participation in mineral resources: the company will extend 34 per cent of the copper group ' s mining operations further to the phosphorus mining sector to construct upstream resource end layouts for the company ' s overall lithium phosphate operations, currently based on the phosphate lithium industry regulations
Companies that have relatively high production capacity and will be able to achieve long-term development advantages in the future need to have both pre-positioned costs and technological advantages, while companies, as chemical pioneers, have a research yield in the area of battery material development, and are expected to draw on the company's leading talent and financial strength.
Rapid technological upgrading, with cost-end resources particularly critical, and the relatively high profitability of upstream resources in existing industrial chains, through upstream phosphorous resource layout, will significantly address the cost of companies and create a combination of competitiveness.
With the company's own technological deposits, the company's current coal-chemical industry has improved, leading to higher profits. The company has been producing synthetic gas from gas-gas installations many years ago, improving the layout of existing industrial parks, and for many years the company has had better technology and life in the field of gasification.
Production experience, effective control of costs, and through integration, companies are expected to use their advantages to upgrade the coal industry of the copper group, further optimize costs, boost the profit margin of the product, and lead to improved profitability.
Analysis of related report rating ratios in the market