China's petrochemicals, petrochemicals, strong defense assets with robust performance.
China’s petrochemicals are one of China’s largest oil extraction and refining enterprises, with winding oil and gas assets deployed along with a large amount of refining power and a well-developed network for the sale of finished oil and gas, and a large-scale petrochemical enterprise that is integrated in the country’s upstream and downstream and end-marketing.
Market value (RMB): $4.51 China ' s petrochemicals are globally competitive, especially since they maintain a fixed net interest rate at the bottom of the petrochemical industry cycle, taking into account the cleanness of the global developed countries and the maintenance of the price gap for the finished oil cracks.
Relatively high, China’s petrochemical investment has increased its value, focusing on: 1. The company’s well-developed retail network of finished oil terminals has contributed to the firm’s continued robust performance. The zero price differential for domestic finished oils has continued to be relatively robust, with zero diesel fuel.
The price difference was maintained at $1,000/t, the petrol batch zero difference at $400/t, and the more robust batch zero difference contributed to the company's performance from 2006 to date in the sale of the finished oil plates. The Māori rate was maintained at 6-9 per cent and the Ministry of Petroleum Refining and Marketing accounted for around 79 per cent of the total Māori;
Global supply and demand constraints for crude oil, as well as overseas refining, provide performance elasticity. Global supply and demand for crude oil, driven by a global policy of “double carbon”, continues to be strained, benefiting from China’s energy security needs, and capital spending and production from upstream corporate asset extraction remains stable, while overseas.
While refining has continued to clear up in recent years, the limited marginal increase in the supply of finished oils has contributed to a trend of wide-ranging price fragmentation and wholesale and export price differentials for finished oil, accompanied by warmer demand, higher oil prices and higher overseas prices for finished oils, which are expected to achieve elastic performance.
3. High dividends give strong defensive attributes to assets. By going back to the rates of corporate interest payments and dividends, the rate of corporate interest payments has been maintained at more than 65% since 2016, benefiting from the stability of performance, while the centre of companya dividends has remained at around 9%, accompanied by the world ' s original oil prices.
We appreciate the performance of the crude oil price center, which remains high over the long term, and the firm's steady production.
In United States dollars/barrells, net return profits are projected for the period 2022-2024 at 69.37 billion yuan, China oil, China sea oil, Yangtze electricity and Ningjong High-speed market rates, respectively, for 2022. 1. Large single-way fluctuations in oil prices; 2. liberalization of the risk of finished oil; and 3.
End-product sales and transport; 4. industry downwind; 5. offshore business risks; 6.1, oil, gas and gas + oil retailing performance is robust, high-value asset protection is strong, China ' s petrochemicals are one of China ' s largest oil extraction and refining enterprises, and in addition to upstream hydrocarbon assets have been laid out.
The industrial layout, which has a large amount of refining power and a well-developed network of finished oil and gas sales, and which is integrated up and down to the end of sales, allows companies to maintain a more stable level of profitability and cash, on the basis of which they actively report back to their shareholders and maintain a high rate of interest payments.
Corporate dividends have also been maintained at a high level over the years, thus contributing to a stronger defensive nature of assets, while the company is expected to achieve a more stable performance while obtaining external export quotas for finished oils, which are concentrated in China's petrochemicals and China's oils, as a result of the continued clean-up of overseas refining, accompanied by a recovery in overseas demand, and the spread of finished oils or large corridors.
Obtaining profit elasticity from the reversal of cycles in the petrochemical industry. Chart 2: Distribution of corporate natural gas assets 1.1. Energy security needs contribute to stabilization of upstream asset development
Since the twenty-first century, in the process of economic globalization and the restructuring of international industries, high-consumption, resource-based industries have been transferred to China, while low levels of energy use and wasteful losses have led to a rapid rise in China’s energy consumption. In 2020, China’s anti-super-European economy became the second largest energy-consuming economy in the world, after the United States.
In 2021, China accounted for 16.4 per cent of total global energy consumption. China has developed a multi-wheel-driven energy supply system for coal, oil, gas, nuclear, new energy and renewable energy, but fossil energy sources still account for 82.7 per cent. Fossil energy continues to dominate China ' s energy supply. Coal, crude oil and natural gas are Chinese energy sources.
In recent years, China’s oil and gas production has been growing at a slower pace than the demand generated by economic development. The demand gap has been further widened, with oil and gas imports becoming more dependent. In 2021, the oil and gas gaps reached 513 million tons and 1,282.16 million tons, respectively.
In order to protect China’s energy security, the government has in recent years consistently issued documents to increase production in oil and gas exploration and storage. China’s energy security problems and the rise in the global crude-oil price hub have prompted companies to increase capital spending, and oil and gas reserves to secure production.
In 2021, the company spent $68,148 million on exploration and development capital, an increase of 20.80 per cent over the same period. Depending on the size and structure of the capital expenditure, the exploration and exploitation expenditure in 2022 was $81.5 billion, compared with the 2022 year-round guideline value.
The overall growth in the number of drilling wells has been sustained, with the company drilling 108 exploration wells in 2021 and 324 development wells, of which the number of drilling wells has reached an all-time high.
The company’s oil and gas reserves have risen steadily, driven by the expansion of exploration capital spending. Since 2017, the company has detected a steady increase in crude oil reserves, with 1,749 million barrels in 2021, an increase of 13.42 per cent over the same period.
Figure 12: The company has identified gas reserves (one billion cubic feet) to 480 million barrels of crude oil equivalent/year, an increase of about 451 per cent over the year. Of this, the company ' s crude oil production in 2021 was 766.5 million, 1.2, zero price differentials and overseas arbitrage for robust performance
Since 2016, the net profit on corporate returns has recovered since the low point, from $71,208 million in 2021, while the sales of finished oil (refining and marketing and distribution) plates, which account for the largest share of corporate business, have sustained profitability.
During the cycle, but with less volatility in the sales of finished oils, a similar trend was observed in the company ' s refining plates, where diesel consumption peaked at 173 million tons in 2015, followed by negative growth rates in subsequent years, weak demand for diesel fuel, and the cumulative effect of the 2020 epidemic, which reached a new low in recent years, with diesel consumption of only 140 million tons.
Since then, the demand for diesel has recovered from the recovery in the engineering infrastructure and so on, with diesel consumption reaching 130 million tons in September 2022, an increase of 29.20 per cent in the same year. Since 2004, gasoline consumption has been rising year by year, with a slight fall from the 2020 epidemic to 116 million tons. In 2022, the demand for gasoline was still weak and the domestic market had insufficient space to upgrade it.
By September, gasoline consumption stood at 101 million tons, a decrease of 1.52% from the previous year, and domestic demand for gasoline was expected to recover gradually with a gradual recovery in the economy. Retail sales of company finished oils fluctuated from 114 million tons in 2021, an increase of 0.96% from the same year.
Retail sales of 2022h1 finished oils were 51.23 million tons, a 7.69% decline from the previous year, and remained high. The number of company refuelling stations rose from 30536 in 2013 to 30740 in 2022h1, while the domestic retail retailing of finished oils was higher, the market share of companies other than China ' s petrochemicals and China ' s petroleum was extremely low and the impact of the future epidemic diminished.
Since 2011, the zero price differential for gasoline and diesel fuel has risen. The zero price gap for diesel fuel in 2022 reached $1599.47 per ton on 17 June.
(b) The relative weakness of the demand for petrol, which peaked on 3 June 2022 at $1056.64/t. The zero price margin has shown a further upward shock trend since the fourth quarter of 2022, with the zero price margin for diesel fuel remaining at a high level and the zero price margin remaining at the fuel station.
Figure 21: Zero price differentials for diesel batches Figure 22: Zero price differentials for gasoline batches Increases in export prices from domestic wholesale prices and increases in overseas arbitrage.
As of November 2022, the difference between the export price of finished oil and the price of domestic wholesale oil was $868.94 and $871.01 per ton for diesel fuel and gasoline, respectively. The export quota for corporate finished oils in 2022 was 15.36 million tons, an increase of 4.28 per cent compared to the previous year, benefiting from overseas refining and withdrawal, and from overseas finished oil cracks.
There has been an increase in the volatility of price spreads, and companies are expected to obtain the possibility of elasticity of performance through the overseas arbitrage of finished oils.
Figure 25: Difference between petrol export prices and wholesale prices 1.3. Sustained high dividends and strong investment returns
2. The oil price hub is expected to sustain high levels of 2.1, capital spending and declining grade, with shale oil increasing or lower than expected, and the transformation of enterprises and energy-saving emission reductions will discourage oil giants from investing in oil and gas development. As carbon neutrality and concepts become more and more important.
Some developed countries have proposed a cut-off scheme for fuel trucks to reduce their emissions, and there are now general plans to introduce a cut-off in fuel trucks by 2025-2040, with global road transport accounting for 49.3 per cent of crude oil consumption, making a business transition imperative for crude oil suppliers.
By collating the capital expenditure structure of the United States shale oil and gas, which can quickly release marginal energy, for a total of 12 years from 2009 to the present, annual capital expenditure increased by 19/34 per cent, respectively, but by dismantling the cost structure of the United States shale oil and gas capital, we now have significant risks in the structure of United States shale capital expenditure, with the United States spending on exploration capital increasing by the same amount in 2021/2022.
Expenditure growth has been limited or even declining, and there is a risk of short supply in the United States of oil and gas in the medium to long term.