Chinese life (601628.sh/2628.hk)
a/h Target price (rmb/hk$) A quarterly report issued by Chinese on their life, 1q2019, 26 billion net, and a 92.6 per cent increase in yoy, with a much more robust market for the company's performance. According to the premium, the new management of the country's life has been re-energized.
We believe that the positive deviations that investment brings to the good and the recovery of the new bill are expected to increase at a faster rate this year. From the estimated value, the company is currently undervalued (up to 0.94 times pev in 2019).
1q net gain of nearly 100%: China has published a quarterly report of 312.2 billion dollars in 1q2019 and 17.0% in yoy, and 26 billion in cash and 92.6% in yoy, which is a high-speed increase. Nearly 30% of the increase in the new bill: China has 272.4 billion in premiums in 1q and 11.9% in yoy.
The company’s new bill is growing faster, and the new bill (including short-term projections for the country’s life) is expected to perform better this year as a whole. Looking ahead, this year, the company is expected to grow faster as the new bill recovers and the premium increases and continues.
On the other hand, as at 1q2019, 1.54 million venture salesmen, up by 100,000 from 4q2018 and up by 30,000, insurance planners increased by 58.7 per cent the average monthly risk workforce of yoy.
But last year, the investment portfolio was affected by the market boom, the investment market continued to be good, the company invested in a much more aggressive way, and the profits were making a significant contribution, and the gross investment return was 6.7 per cent, consistent with our previous calculations (as we measured the country's life season).
Total investment returns are expected to be more than 6%. The firm’s impact on investment is in line with the nearly 30% increase in the value of our new business this year, which is expected to increase at an incremental rate: at the end of the year, the value of our new business is 28.3% faster in a context of rising prices.
The investment portfolio is more robust, and it is expected that this year’s return on investment will be better than assumed, bringing about a positive "renewal of the nation’s life" after it has been put in place (as evidenced by the nearly 30% increase in the value of the new business). In short, we offer the investment that we buy.
Risk Note: The macro-economy is expected to go down, and the expected remuneration (expected return; er) is given as follows:
This report is compiled by the Group Credit Certificate (HKC) Ltd., and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. and by the Group Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. are not... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently verified.
The company may have used or recommended any action prior to receipt of this report or based on the data or research in the report. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees are not liable for any loss or loss resulting from the use of this report.
@. The report ... is not used to sell or induce customers to trade the certificates mentioned in the report.