Company Review - Non-Bank Financial Industry 26 April 2019 Chinese Lifeline (60128.sh)
The value of the new business has grown and the return on investment has improved considerably.
1) Net profit from maternity increased by 92.6 per cent over the same period, premium increases recovered at a rate of 1st Lat. In the first quarter of 2019, companies achieved a total operating income of 312.26 billion yuan, an increase of 17.9 per cent over the same period;
The net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company was 26.34 billion yuan, an increase of 92.6 per cent over the same period, and the significant net return on the return on the return on investment in the open market equity category was largely the result of a significant increase in the return on investment in the same year: eps 0.92 yuan basic, the increase in business renewal and short-term insurance premiums and the acceleration of the company ' s premium.
The Division achieved premium revenue of $27,235 million, an increase of 11.9 per cent over the previous period, of which the renewal premium income increased by 28.3 per cent, the agent workforce increased in volume and the business structure continued to optimize in the first quarter of 2019, with the company ' s new business value increasing by 28.3 per cent over the previous quarter, reversing the negative increase in the previous period.
Long-term, with a significant improvement. The company’s rate of increase in the new policy premium was significantly improved during the same period last year, thanks to the low base and the adjustment of the marketing strategy. In the first quarter of 2019, the company paid its first annual cover, and the quantity of the company’s sales team increased.
About 1.89 million, an increase of 6.66 per cent from the end of 2018. Of this total, the size of the insurance pipeline was 15.37 million, an increase of 6.81 per cent from the end of 2018; the number of salesmen in the silver insurance channel was 276,000, an increase of 59.8 per cent from the end of 2018; the size of the type product was higher than in the same year; and the average monthly performance of the insurance planner was higher.
The same-year growth of 58.7 per cent in business structure continued to be optimized, long-term guaranteed operations developed rapidly, contributing to the increase in the value of the new industry. In the first quarter of 2019, the company ' s first annual premium was 98.97 per cent of the new policy premium for long-term insurance, an increase of 12.23 percentage points from the same period; the income from the renewal premium was the share of the total premium.
The business approach of technology, excellent services, risk prevention has accelerated the development of a guaranteed business. 3) Benefited from favourable equity market conditions, with a substantial improvement in investment returns, and from a return on equity markets, with a significant improvement in corporate investment returns.
Fixed-income investment develops market interest rate trends, flexible timing of investment; equity investment maintains a reasonable position, captures a quarter of market opportunities, proactively operates, optimizes structures, equity investment returns.
While maintaining a value-growth orientation, the company has increased its support for technological transformation by building a “tech life”, helping to upgrade the company's business management system, enhancing service capacity, and optimizing client experience. We keep looking at the company's future development prospects, giving a push.
Long-end interest rate curves move downwards and insurance products are sold below expectations.