Chinese life (601628.sh/2628.hk)
China achieved a net profit of 11 billion dollars in 2018, a decline of 66%, consistent with previous performance reports, mainly due to investment-side pressure. Intra-value growth was slower in the context of new business values and investment-side pressure.
We believe that, as the new management takes office, there is a strong demand for a revitalized life, and this year there should be some flexibility in the context of a better equity market, and the company's current valuation is low (0.9 times pev), and we continue to offer the "buy-in" investment.
The annual net gain of 11 billion dollars and a 66 per cent drop in yoy: China's annual report on life, which became part of the parent company's average stockholders' net profit of 11 billion dollars in 2018, and a 66 per cent drop in yoy, which was revealed in the previous performance report, is mainly due to investment pressure, but we should also see that this year the equity market is warming.
The year-round return on total investment should be 3.3%, yoy down 1.9 pct, mainly due to fair value changes due to equity market fluctuations, net return on investment of 4.6%, yoy down 0.3 pct, mainly from base.
In terms of asset allocation, companies increase interest rates with long-term solidified earnings (bond-type financial products, term deposits). Investment, new business values, and value growth is relatively slow: at the end of value, from
Investments were less favourable than assumed, resulting in more negative deviations, delays in intrinsic value growth, and weak performance in new business values, with a 17.6 per cent drop in Yoy, with a $7.951 billion premium in 4q2018 and a 4.7 per cent increase in the total premium: at the premium end, life insurance premiums were 4.7 to 4.7 per cent higher.
53,5.8 billion, mainly due to extra premiums (26.6 to 36.4 billion more) and, in the case of the mayor, 0.7 to 20.4 per cent higher in the case of yoy, the company significantly compressed the silver insurance channels in 2018, with the first annual premium amounting to $10,4.4 billion, representing 90.2 per cent of the first annual premium for long insurance, compared with 90.2 per cent for long-term insurance.
In 2017, 26.3 pct was raised; the premium was $11.4 billion, while yoy fell by 82.1 per cent, the first year of long-term insurance, with better flexibility, a new management in place, a strong demand to revive the country's life, and a future worth looking forward to, and we continue to rate with "buy-in."
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.