China's life (601628.sh/2628.hk)
China’s life is projected to yield a net gain of $24.3 billion to $27 billion, with an increase of 80 to 100 per cent for 1 q2019 and a better elasticity in the equity market to corporate performance in a good context. From the premium end, the demand for “renewal of the life of the nation” after the new management is in place is high, 10 premiums are expected to grow faster, and the new bill is expected to grow faster.
We believe that, with the positive deviations from the good investment end and the return to positive growth of the new bill, the equity market is now better and the investment end is more flexible: despite the large increase in net profits (by 120%) during the same period last year under the traditional reserve assumptions, the investment end was subject to market fluctuations.
This year, the equity market continues to be good, and the firm’s investment side has shown greater flexibility, making a positive contribution to the profits (we measure a total return on investment of more than 6 per cent in the first quarter of the country’s life). The firm’s flexibility in investing is consistent with what we have expected since this year.
102019 premium revenue growth: According to the monthly premium data we keep track of, China has achieved $272.4 billion in March before life, with 11.9% increase in yoy and rapid growth, which is higher than that of a listed partner. We expect a better overall performance in this year's national life.
The company is expected to achieve faster overall premiums as a result of the positive growth of the new bill and the surcharge of the renewal. Investment advice: due to greater flexibility at the firm's investment end, the return on the investment end is expected this year, and we give buy-in investment advice.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by ... individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed for any purpose in whole or part of the report.