Longki shares (601012.sh) blueprints have been drawn and prices are on the horizon. 22st of 2018.
At the end of the year, the production capacity was 28, 36 and 45gw, respectively. 2) The new project standard silicon is not silicon.
More than 22.5% and less than 1% light decline, we believe that this three-year silicon development plan gives direction in terms of silicon size, cost, quality, and three dimensions. In addition, silicon cost, battery efficiency, and component decay.
The industry, in three parts of the world, has a single crystal wall: according to the company’s bulletin, the production of single crystal silicon silicon silicon from 17 to 20 years is 15, 28, 36 and 45gw, respectively.
This corresponds to Lungi’s market share of 30% of the industry by 2020. Historically, the silicon industry has been the dominant link in terms of technological barriers and the importance of size, and has traditionally been the highest concentration of the photovoltaic industry chain.
In one of the biggest multi-crystal waves, industry over the 14-15 years, we believe that, in the larger trend of primary monocrystal substitution, the threshold for single crystal silicon tablets is relatively high, and as industry leaders, Lungi is expected to emerge beyond history.
The industry accounts for one third of the total. On the other hand, it will reach 50% of the single crystal market for the period from 17 to 20 years, and it will become half of the monocrystal industry.
The most decisive alternative, the price-equal route: for a growing industry like photovoltaics, the acceleration (2017-11-04) is constantly lowering costs, driving the energy-cost curve to the right and driving the marginal demand to the right.
Higher profitability leads to higher performance Cash costs are decreasing, and the alternative to productive capacity is the industry’s destiny and mission. 1) From a single length, efficiency gains are moving the industry fast.
From the point of view of crystal competition, the advantage of single crystals at the end of the battery efficiency has been completely covered by the model (2017-8-30) and the disadvantage of single crystals at the cost of the pull-point (10.2 per cent vs. 8.4 per cent), and substitution has become inevitable.
3. Large monocrystal trend, high price parity future, increased efficiency in terms of planned non-silicon cost and perc battery efficiency targets, (2017-8-3)
Cost disadvantages are reduced, and replacement will accelerate as single crystal production is released. 2) Performance will be higher than expected from a cost angglomeration of 4.cm; non-silicon costs will be reduced to less than $1.cm/d, taking into account less than 0.18.w.
Interlocking, single crystal replacement speed (2017-7-31) with high profitability innovation, single crystal, single crystal silicon silicon will be reduced to 0.39/w, based on a 30% Māori rate, single crystal silicon.
5. Reported perfect receiver, single crystal acceleration replacement won/w, cost single crystal perc component non-battery cost 0.35/w, based on 20% Māori
At this rate, the component price is 1.97/w, the pc price for the PV station will be reduced to $4.0-4.5/w, and the PV industry will face real parity on the side of electricity generation.
Non-silicon costs are already ahead of the industry by 0.7 bucks per piece. And it's hard to catch up in the short term, judging from Lungi's accumulation of silicon equipment, technical advantages, size advantages, management advantages, talent advantages, and downstream advantages. Even considering the consistent reduction in the nonsilicon costs of single crystal silicon millers in 18-20 years.
In the most pessimistic scenario (the industry-wide loss), in 2020, a single piece of the Lungi monolithic silicon would also be profitable above 0.4 yuan per piece. 2) In the case of components, the area of use resulting from a single crystal efficiency advantage would be cost-effectively reduced in terms of the area-related portion of the power plant construction, and the single crystal perc would be more popular.
The price difference for the crystal component is 0.3-0.4 yuan/w, the unit profit advantage is 0.2-0.3 yuan/w, and, under the most pessimistic scenario, the unit profit for the single crystal perc component is still expected to reach 0.2 yuan/w by 20 years. The company's single crystal efficient component capacity is actively expanded. According to the plan currently disclosed, it is known that by 19 years, the plan is currently in place.
Medium component capacity will reach 17gw, with 20gw expected by 2020. The combined silicon and component capacity and profitability are expected to remain at $7.3 billion in 20 years, with the most pessimistic expectations.
This time, the coal industry will complement existing coal masters and share new global energy developments. Like this, the flat coal group will build 4gw single crystal perc batteries with Lungi in 2016.
Projects such as base upgrading reflect the willingness of traditional coal companies to transform, and traditional and emerging cross-border integrations present strategic directions for energy transformation. Short-term capital inflows, such as re-awareness of long-term strategic importance (equivalent to coal + one-time equipment), will lead to a revaluation and valuation of new energy plates.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board