The company issued a pre-performance announcement for 2017, with a projected net profit of $3.336 billion over the year, compared with the increase in the expected return on the transfer of photovoltaic power plant assets during q4: based on four quarters of single crystal silicon/components
With market prices, and projections of the volume of corporate products, we measure the company's four quarters of silicon, its group of new centralized and distributed photovoltaic power plants that have been developed over 1gw in size each year and are scheduled to be sold when it chooses to do so, so we expect the company's performance forecast to be significantly higher than previously anticipated in the market and possibly in line with previous market expectations.
The three-year plan for silicon is ambitious and component advantage accelerates q4 is related to the recognition of transfer earnings from power station assets.
The business model for power station development, construction and transfer is validated for profit and sustainable: we emphasize directly that the company ' s massive productive investment in Ningxia, Shaanxi, Zhejiang, Yunnan and its contribution to local employment and taxation will ensure that the company has sustained access to centralized power station indicators and a high-quality distribution
“The profit margin continues to rise significantly, leading the way in the capacity of one type of project resources, so that the business model for the development, construction and transfer of photovoltaic power stations is fully sustainable, and the company's recent record of the Ningxia 228mw project is a test of “sustainability”.
Profit-Maximity-Maximation Road. Prices are lower in the second half of the year, and this performance forecast is a test of “profitability.” The low-season effect has accelerated the release of price-reducing pressures on the industrial chain, and product prices are expected to stabilize gradually in the second quarter: one season
"Today's Steaks First, the future Plumbust Masters can be expected to be Plum Lee, a tradition of the photovoltaic industry, and India, as a country with a fiscal year-end of 31 March, should have protected tariffs, further increasing uncertainty about demand for the rest of the season. Thus, recent price chains have declined.
But we believe that the three-year plan for silicon, recently released by the United States, Indian trade measures and domestic demand companies, provides a clearer picture of the medium-term growth space.
Proving the position of the corporate sector, on the one hand, and creating an imaginary space for subsequent dividends, on the other hand, demand is lower than expected, resulting in product prices falling faster than expected. Scores, then averaged, resulting in final ratings as average market investment.