With high profitability innovations, component operations are copying the silicon success path, which is 130% higher than the previous performance ceiling, with slightly higher market expectations. At the same time, the company announced an investment agreement with the Yunnan Pao government for the new 6gw silicon silicon stick project.
In 2017, the company sold 1.1 billion silicon tablets and 3.5gw components, with a Māori rate of 32.7 per cent and 30.7 per cent, respectively, and a profit margin of four years in a row and a new high since it came to the market;
We expect to derive mainly from the company's transfer of shares in the photovoltaic power plant that it has developed;
• Promotion of components out of the sea-Lonki stock company stocktaking, which combines the three-part advantage capabilities of manufacturing, efficient systems integration and is fully sustainable.
Continuous and substantial R & D investment yields, battery-assembly expansion, replication of silicon business success path: corporate R & D investment amounted to $1.1 billion in 2017, doubling the ratio, forming silicon research and development centers, 3. "Silicon three-year planning is ambitious and component advantage accelerates. "
The research and development architecture of the assembly cell research and development centre and the product research and development centre was dominated by the new world record of 23.6 per cent and 20.41 per cent, respectively, of corporate single crystal perc batteries and assembly efficiency at the beginning of the year.
We believe that the company is copying its successful path in the silicone field in the component chain, and that, with its own efforts to significantly reduce the cost of single crystal silicon and succeed in taking over the multi-crystal market, it continues to do so through the single-crystal battery chain.
Research and development inputs, whose monocrystal perc battery efficiency advances significantly and accelerates the achievement of parity on the Internet, have also enabled their component operations to achieve significant profitability (as a result of a higher average efficiency in the output structure) and the industry tradition of “components without differences” is becoming history (for further details, see the main text).
Demand volatility increases price competition, and deep internal strength wins: seasonal fluctuations in domestic and foreign demand and the uncertainty of expectations have increased the intensity of price competition in the industrial chain since this year, especially as the expected single-silk silicon price battle predates heat, but this does not change the market share of multi-crystal capacity.
Single crystals firms that will be replaced by single crystals in order of cost, and with significant cost advantages, will always achieve two basic logics that significantly exceed the average profit level in the industry. Domestic distribution policies are lower than expected, and product prices are more intense than expected.
Figure 1: Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market for a single-season income, Māori rates, and cost rates