We're over-expected. We're opening up a two-faced perc new era.
1. China has seen a huge increase in light-voltage machines throughout the year, and the demand for single crystals is strong in China, with a total of 53.06gw light-voltage units in 2017, of which 33.62gw is the same.
This represents an increase of 11%, distributed power stations of 19.44gw, a 3.7-fold increase, and a significant increase in both the total and the distribution pattern. In terms of product penetration, China ' s photovoltaic single crystal penetration rate was 27% in 2016, and is expected to be between 35 and 40% in 2017.
The continued increase in penetration is due to a combination of advantages such as higher and lower single-watt power generation, which increases the share of single crystal as two-sided high-efficiency batteries are accepted by the market step by step.
2. Corporate energy silicon and components, double-sided perc to open up the new situation. Company product layout and capacity planning is very clear, solid, single-crystal route, and will be expanded to 28gw by the end of the year in batteries. Component capacity is 6.5gw by the end of 2017 and will be expanded by the end of 2018.
Monthly companies publish a double-face rate of 82.15% for single crystal perc batteries. Double-sided perc batteries do it at cost by changing their back-side structure.
At the same time as a monocrystal perc product. At the power generation performance, above the base of the single perc high conversion rate, the back side of the power generation will eventually increase the entire system by 2, "Lonki shares" (601012); excellent performance, single crystals.
As a result, there was no significant increase in electricity generation, so the trend of double-faced production was very positive, and the company was leading the trend.
Lungi shares (601012): Performance over-expected, opening a new era of two-sided perc, we believe that the company, as a monocrystal locomotive, will benefit fully from the monocrystal trend outbreak in 2017 and will lead the two-sided perc new times in the next 2-3 years (1) Silicon price falls over expectations (2) Component price falls over expectations (3) Global light-volt machine falls short of expectations
The source of the East's financial and intellectual boom, the source of the East's financial and intellectual boom, the Lungi stock (601012).
Yang Jom, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, is good at understanding the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, and at the view of Zhou, who has studied it. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.