Company announcement: 1. Sign with Oci, a multi-crysilica producer in Korea, a total of 65,000 tons of multi-crysilium purchases over three years, and 2. Based on production of 500mw single-crystal battery modules signed with the Andhra Pradesh government in September 2015
The company intends to expand the scope of the project to 1gw and plans to build it into production by the end of August 2019: 3. The silicon industry continued to increase its share of 0.5% of the company's total equity on 5 February.
Oci signed a three-year contract for the purchase of a total of 65,000 tons of silicon, corresponding to about 20 gw of raw materials for the production of silicon tablets, representing about 20 per cent of the company ' s production of silicon tablets over the next three years, and the total estimated contract value given by the company corresponds to approximately 1. "As expected, the power station business model is profitable. "
The unit price of $100/kg, which is 22% lower than the current market price, is still specified that the actual order price will be negotiated on a monthly basis.
India’s capacity program has been expanded to 1gw, accelerating the sale of components to sea, radiation worldwide: solar + national 3.
The power shortage + government has been active and has contributed to the rapid development of India's photovoltaic market in the last two years, which will be the second largest installation country in the world in the next five years, except for China, but India is currently considering a significant increase in profit margins, leading by setting up a trade wall.
It attracts firms to build photovoltaic manufacturing capacity in India, and Lungi, as a pioneer, is expected to take advantage of Indian markets and use Indian capacity to supply to other countries with photovoltaic barriers to China, such as the US.
Silicon price battles have moved ahead into the white heat phase and are expected to hit the fundamentals in March: the recent photovoltaic industry has seen a sharp fall in chain prices, the silicon chain remains high due to a large price drop and the raw material costs are still high, the Māori rate is significant and the price is now close to the cash cost of most businesses; given the high rate of silicon openings,
The fall will cause silicon prices to fall and domestic demand to cool down after the spring season, and industry fundamentals and corporate Maori rates will rise back and forth. Moreover, the recent rapid fall in prices will accelerate the liquidation of production capacity and may affect the expansion decisions of the company’s main competitors.
The recent over-expected price reductions and the release of market pessimism in products have provided good medium- and long-term opportunities for laid-out companies with less-than-expected warming of demand, leading to a further over-expected decline in product prices.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment