On January 20th, 2018, the company released "Lonki Green Energy Technology Holdings with Limited Stock", and on the basis of the year-end silicon production capacity of 15 gw, it aims to achieve a single crystal silicon production capacity by the end of 2018.
By 28gw, 36gw at the end of 2019 and 45gw at the end of 2020.
In the third quarter, the entire photovoltaic industry accumulated an additional 42gw, with a distribution of 15gw light voltage, which rose to 40.26% in a single quarter of the third quarter. The single crystal ratio in the new installed aircraft is nearly 50%. In this context, Lungi and the middle ring have both been added.
In 2018, the major manufacturers launched a rapid expansion of their capacity. Among them, the Lungi stock, the annual silicon sticks, the Silver River, Ningxia, etc., are in the final stages of testing, and the company plans to build a new capacity of 13gw in 2018, which will be available by the end of 2018.
The cost of non-silicon silicon, another important producer in the country, has fallen year by year in 2017, accelerating the decline. According to our calculations, the cost of non-silicon silicon silicon is 20.8% for the company in 2015 and 2016, respectively.
And 32.0%. By the first half of 2017, the company ' s non-silicon costs had fallen to $1.7264, a decrease of 18%; the non-silicon costs of components had fallen by 23% on a year-on-year basis.
We believe that a gradual decline in non-silicon costs will help companies to consolidate the monocrystal price advantage over polycrystals, thereby maintaining sufficient levels of Maori at the same time as the market share of monocrystals is further expanded.
• Technological inputs continue to increase substantially, and technological advances are expected to maintain industry leadership. In the first half of the year, companies have achieved 405mw, distributed power stations and grid-connected systems.
In the future, companies will continue to increase their investment in photovoltaic plants, and we expect that the share of revenues from photovoltaic power will rise further than in the future.
On 19 January 2018, the company announced its plan for the Xiaoxi Coal industry.
1% of the stock, and not more than 4.99% of the company's total stock. We believe that a firm increase in the company's shares at this point in time will provide an input into the company's future share price.
The release of monocrystal silicon is not as fast as expected; the non-silicon cost of monocrystal silicon is falling at a slower rate than expected: the price of monocrysil silicon is falling faster than expected, etc. Pan Yong-la: Master of Finance, Xiamen University, eight years of securities research experience, joined the Chinese Securities Research and Development Department in September 2017, mainly for research and follow-up
The company does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving this report. The accuracy and completeness of interest is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report is not consistent with the views expressed.
The information, opinions, etc., does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in the present report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, with regard to finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc.
You will not accept any of the consequences of using or relying on this report.