The three-year plan for silicon is ambitious and the component advantage accelerates expansion. The company publishes a three-year strategic plan for single crystal silicon operations, which is expected to reach 28, 36 and 45gw by the end of 2018 - 2020, respectively, and the new output non-silicon cost target is not higher than one.
Q: 2. The proposed investment of $1.95 billion in the construction of 5gw monochrome components in Anhui State: 3. Access to Ningxia 228mw photovoltaic power station project: 4. Corporate p monocrystal component efficiency is record worldwide. Silicon production capacity doubles in three years, cost is reduced by one third, leader status is consolidated, price parity is supported: company
With the annual global addition of 140gw, a single crystal penetration rate of 60 per cent, and a 50 per cent market-based pseudo-conservative system, the digestion of that capacity is completely unproblematic, and the company’s leadership in single crystals and even in the whole field of photovoltaic manufacturing will be further strengthened as it supports the low-cost access to the Internet.
"The profit margin continues to rise significantly, leading by one component, and the business progress of the component is so rapid that it is possible to replicate the successful history of silicon: while the technical process of the battery assembly chain and the silicon chain are very different, we believe that the firm, with its core management, has a deep sense of the photovoltaic industry.
"Profits maintain the upscaling trail, price cuts in the second half of the year are ununderstood, sustained and robust R & D inputs, and efficient enforcement, and component operations are now reproducing the great success of the silicon silicon chain in the last few years.
Today's Convergence First and Future Photovoltaics Masters has 20.41 per cent component efficiency certified by Tuv, breaking the world record of the same product and well beyond the 18.9 per cent entry threshold of the SuperTechnologist Project.
The Ningxia power station records to verify the sustainability of power station development operations: we have always stressed that companies invest heavily in production capacity in Ningxia, Xinxi, Zhejiang, Yunnan, and its contribution to local employment and taxation. The ability of companies to consistently access centralized power station indicators, quality distributed project resources will be ensured, and therefore
Its business model for the development-transfer of photovoltaic power stations is fully sustainable, and the recent filing of Ningxia's 228mw project is a strong test of this logic. The position of the industry of the certification company, Sino-coal, is expected to yield policy dividends in the future: the coal industry is new to the country.
One of the industries with the greatest impact of rising energy penetration, large coal companies, which in recent years have been luminous, is the company's introduction of major state-owned shareholders under the effective control of the State Finance Committee of Xinxi Province, which is expected to generate multiple policy dividends for companies with similar headquarters in Xinxi.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment