Sinking of profitability at the end of the component and sustained consolidation of the leading position of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre incident: 17 years of corporate reporting, resulting in operating income of $16.36 billion, an increase of 41.9 per cent over the same period
The annual Māori rate was the highest in history: the company achieved a combined Māori rate of 32.3 per cent in 2017, an increase of 4.8 percentage points to the best in history. The company’s 18-year standard silicon non-silicon cost was not high.
At $1 a.m., the advantage of a cost lead will be further consolidated. • The profitability of component operations is strong: the company component business will gradually take the lead in 4.7gw, a 100% increase in the year, and the global single crystal component will be the first.
An average of 0.8 yuan per watt. Even after deducting the silicon chain, it is about 0.5 dollars per watt, and the profitability is much higher than the industry average, which we believe benefits mainly from the efficiency of its single crystal perc battery, its speed and its component-end innovation.
Investment returns are sustainable: 17 years of the company's “investment returns” amounting to $580 million, and we expect that the main source of this may be the resale of photovoltaic power stations, which are currently close to 1 gw, with the company building its own 600mw power station in 18 years, with 1.6gw power station corresponding to more than 10 billion dollars in output, and the company's high quality at the power station, which will effectively withstand industrial volatility.
The growth of corporate operations abroad has been strong in 17 years: in 17 years, the company achieved $4.18 billion in overseas operations, a 25.6 per cent share, a 72.7 per cent increase in overseas operations over the previous year, a 31.3 per cent increase in overseas operations, and an overall Māori rate, which is roughly the same as domestic operations.
As the cost of solar power rises, the off-shore photovoltaic market is expected to recover, and the company’s 18-year overseas business expansion will be one of the bright spots. Business data analysis: the company’s 17-year R&D expenditure was $1.11 billion, an increase of 97.2 per cent, compared with the company’s history.
The share of R & D inputs has been above 5 per cent over the years, maintaining high R & D inputs; single crystal silicon production rate has reached 99.6 per cent, single crystal component production rate 98.2 per cent and production rate has been excellent; roe has been rising steadily, with a 17-year increase of 9.8 points, mainly benefiting from an increase in net sales interest rates.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: We increased profits in 17 years as a result of the company ' s Māori rate and higher production capacity than expected: business income of 16.36 billion yuan in 2017, an increase of 41.9 per cent over the same period; net profits of 1 billion pieces, self-service of 1.07 billion tablets, a sales rate of 99.6 per cent for single crystallized silicon; and single crystal battery modules in 2017
With 3,508mw sold out, 942mw sold out, 98.2% sold out, and 252mw sold out of single crystal batteries, the net profits of the company have grown far faster than the growth of the business over the years: historically, the company has been on the fast track since 13 years.
A fast-growing drive, with profits growing at a higher rate than revenues in the current year over the years, suggests that companies are more profitable than ever before. The Māori rate is the best: the company’s overall Māori rate was 32.3% over the reporting period, an increase of 4.8 percentage points over the same period. This is largely due to the continuing decline in the cost of corporate products, with the company’s 18-year standard silicon not silicon.
Cost is not higher than $1 per piece, which will further consolidate the advantage of a cost lead. Overall, the three-cost approach shows little change: sales cost 4.06%, same ratio, management cost 4.06%, maintenance of high R & D input: companies spent $1.11 billion in 17 years on R & D, an increase of 97.2%, and revenue collection.
The company’s R & D investment share has been mostly above 5% over the years, maintaining high R & D inputs. In a context of higher R & D investment, the efficiency of the company’s development of the perc battery was raised to 23.6%, creating a new world record, with 60 monocrystal perc components having 20.41% conversion efficiency and updating industry records in this area.
Companies have a strong position in the supply chain: in contrast to “receivables” and “payables”, corporate receivables of $2.21 billion, an increase of 43.9 per cent, receivables of $3.93 billion, an increase of 70.7 per cent, while corporate accounts payable and payable of $1 billion last less than one year, 88.6 per cent, with a relatively low probability of bad debts; and secondly, receivables and accounts payable.
The company's position is relatively strong up and down the supply chain. The company's yield ratio is 14.6 per cent, an increase in the year-on-year, but still at a historically low level, combined with the company's high current production and sales rate (99.6 per cent for single crystallized silicon, 98.2 per cent for single crystal components and 98.2 per cent for inventory dealers).
The company’s stock of finished products, which can be found to account for only 6.2 per cent of the revenue, has been under moderate stock pressure.The company’s overseas operations have grown rapidly over the past 17 years: the company’s overseas operations have generated $4.18 billion over 17 years, with a ratio of 25.6 per cent, overseas operations have increased by 72.7 per cent over the same year, and have grown faster than domestic operations, with an overall Māori rate of 31.3 per cent for overseas operations.
The Asia-Pacific region, which accounts for 70.1% of overseas operations, is a major contributor to overseas operations. In addition, the Americas and Europe have experienced strong growth rates of 68.9% and 3907.8%, respectively, with Africa achieving zero breakthroughs.
Over 60%, the share of overseas operations has been declining since the onset of domestic demand in 15 years. And, as solar power consumption costs have gradually declined, the foreign photovoltaic market is expected to recover, and the company’s 18-year expansion of overseas operations will be one of the bright spots.
By the end of the 17th year, the company silicon rods were being built with 10gw, silicon with 16gw capacity, and the components were being upgraded with speed, in addition to the 5gw component project and the 5gw component in Xiangzhou.
The 1gw battery and 1gw components project in India is under preparation. Assuming that 1: the company plans to achieve 28gw in silicon production capacity by the end of 18 years, with a projected output of 4 billion pieces, an expected self-use of 7.5gw (i.e., assembly and battery) and an external sale of about 2.5 billion pieces, and a price between multiple crystals and single crystals over 18 years due to more energy releases
(b) Assumption 2: the company plans 18 years of target 7.5gw for batteries and components, 600mw for self-built power plants, 6.9gw for out-sale of batteries and components, the bulk of which is expected to be out-sale of components, and Māori for components under 18 years of chain price pressure
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.