The monocrystal dragons are growing in strength and confidence.
At the end of 2018/2019/2020, single crystal silicon production capacity was set to reach 28/36/45gw, respectively.
Cost is controlled at $1 per piece, and silicon quality is able to achieve the conversion effect of the mainstream perc battery volume at a rate of over 22.5 per cent, with a light decline of less than 1 per cent.
The domestic penetration rate of single crystal batteries has continued to rise, mainly because of policy orientation and the rapid decline in the cost of single crystal silicone, battery, and components. In terms of the current single watt cost of silicon, the single / silicon silicon of 180 m is 5.25 yuan per piece, and the current price is 0.75 yuan per piece.
The price of monocrystal silicon is even more significant. We think the battery chain must go along the monocrystal line because the maximum conversion efficiency of single-crystal batteries is much higher than multi-crystal batteries, meaning that there is a greater potential for development, and many companies in the country are now expanding production layouts for single-crystal batteries.
Not 27/37/49gw. Overseas aircraft are installed with a single crystal penetration rate of 55665gw and within the range of global monocrystal requirements, and expansion is well planned.
The company became one of the last winners after shuffling in the single crystal silicone industry in 2011-2012, and the company ' s Maori rate and net profit continued to rise in 2014-2017, as a result of the increase in the value of the single silicone silicon ratio in the public sector. The company planned the nonsilicon cost of the standard silicon silicon silicon tablets for the new project.
Controlled at a dollar per piece, we think the goal is reasonable, with 10% of the nonsilicon cost of single crystal silicon silicon in 2016, a 10% drop-out pattern for complex industries. As the company's Māori ratio in single crystal silicone business has been ahead of the industry average, the company continues to increase its capacity, we think.
The advantage will be renewed and even raised, and the future of the company will continue to be marked by the presence of single-crystal silicone, the source of financial prosperity in the East, and the shares of Lungi (601012): the power and confidence of the single-crystal dragon.
Corporate monocrystal silicone will continue to be the global leader, industry demand for monocrysil silicon will continue to grow, and the company’s ambitious expansion plan will produce the next cross-cutting growth. We expect the company’s operating revenues to be $14.23 billion, $25.8 billion and $34.76 billion, respectively, for 2017-2019, and 2.
The source of the east's wealth and wisdom, the source of the east's wealth and wisdom.
Yang Jom, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, is good at understanding the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, and at the view of Zhou, who has studied it. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.