04/06/2020 – The self-reliance model for pig-breeding dragon-heading enterprise, which looks forward to its future growth, covers it for the first time, and gives it the "buying" option.
The company has grown 30 times the number of pigs in eight years for the country’s own subsistence model. At the same time, the company has gained the advantage of the cost ahead of its peers and of the biosafety control system, based on sound management, fine management, and strong executive power of its employees.
The sharp rise in the threshold of farming in the context of the continental pigpest accelerated the withdrawal of small and medium-sized farmers, leading head-breeding enterprises that were expected to achieve a significant increase in the rate of urban occupancy on their own advantage, and we appreciate the cost advantages of the future fine-tuning management of closed industrial farming enterprises, and the further rise in barriers in the non-pestic context.
By the way, the company’s full cost of pig production is very competitive, reflecting the company’s management’s correct thinking, fine management from feed end to breeding to fertilizer end of the entire industry chain, and its very strong executive power. The company’s cost advantage has increased further since the outbreak of the African swine plague.
• The advantages of pseudo-divide breeding systems and the leading vaccination systems have led to a significant increase in the number of cases where companies have been exploring innovations in the past, creating a unique dual-breeding system.
Compared to their counterparts in the trinity breeding system, the commodity pig itself, which takes into account both meat and meat, has a strong breeding and reproductive efficiency advantage in the context of the African pig plague; on the other hand, the company-led biosafety prevention and control capability in the context of the African pigpest makes its future expansion more certain.
In terms of productive biological assets and productive capacity, in 2020, the company achieved a 30-fold increase in the number of pig-breeding taps in its own subsistence model and an eight-year expansion.
The company was established in 2000 with the co-financing of Mr. Qin Yinglin and Mr. Quan, and was listed in 2014. The company's main business is the production and marketing of pig-growing products.
In 2019, the company earned 19.6 billion yuan, representing 97 per cent of the business income, and in 2019 it sold 85 per cent of the raw pig, 15 per cent of the pig and 15 per cent of the pig. There was a marked increase in the company ' s share of pig sales when the prices were better, for example, in 2016.
In contrast to the “company-plus-farmer” model, which is commonly used by farming groups in the industry, herding shares use the “self-generating and self-sustaining” business model, which facilitates the control of breeding, raising, and so on. The company’s production capacity is distributed mainly in the middle-origin areas centred on Henan, as well as in the Anhui, Jiangxi, north-east regions.
By 2019, the company's development strategy had continued with the establishment of affiliates in areas suitable for the development of the “pastoral model”, while at the same time seizing the opportunity to introduce large-scale farming enterprises in some of the southern provinces to guarantee local supply of piglets, starting to produce productive capacity in the southern provinces (Cuangdong, Guangxi, Yunnan, Zhejiang, etc.). By the end of 2019, the company had been able to produce productive capacity.
By the end of March 2020, the Department had achieved a capacity of about 28 million.
Relocation of farming households,1 large investments, diversification of investment agents;2 stable production,1 large investments, single investors;2 stable production;3,1, small investments, small scale; 2, defined;3 full control over farms, usually by agreement or commissioning of companies, and food safety
There are mixed levels of positive and negative nutrients, and the veterinary residue method works with farmers;4 there is usually a “harmonized supply, measurable, controlled and effective system;4 companies have easy access to control;3 and production is not stable. One supply, a unified vaccination, a unified acquisition/recycling” approach, but surrogate farming equipment is highly productive, but, given the high financial needs, companies are required to manage and restrain their partners.
With the continued expansion of the company's pig-breeding capacity, there has been a build-up of industrial size in some of the areas where it is concentrated, and a conversion of the "pigs" to a slaughterhouse project, which has been designed to produce a total of 6 million people, which is now under construction in the interior and in the Yangtze.
By the end of 2020, 4 million people are expected to be able to produce, and new slaughterhouses will be built in 2020 in both commercial water and in the newly established areas of Naiman, Tungong and Iron Ridge. After many years of development, the company has developed a chain of biological pig production that combines scientific research, feed processing, pig breeding, pig growing, commodity pig breeding, pig-breeding, and owns its own.
High-motivated pighouses and feeding systems, strong pig breeding techniques, unique feed formulation techniques, excellent geographical environments, solid production management and a strong technical workforce have clear competitive advantages in disease control, product quality control, scale-based operations, production cost control, etc.
1.2 The sales mode is “money and money” – less money is spent – and the distribution channels in the pig industry are dominated by pigs. The distribution channels for the company’s pig commodities are divided into slaughter and processing enterprises, pigs and retail sales, among which pigs are more numerous, depending on the characteristics of the business in which the pig is sold.
Pork meat is the most important meat consumer for our population, the market for raw pigs is very demanding, the average farm-breeding enterprise is out of supply, it is rarely responsible for transportation, and it is too expensive and underutilized to set up a transport unit.
In order to meet the procurement needs of large-scale slaughter-processing enterprises, larger slaughter-processing enterprises usually have a stable source of goods through relatively stable groups of pigs. Pig-traffickers also have a certain price differential for the transport of raw pigs from farm-breeding to slaughter-processing enterprises.
With a wealth of transport experience, market supply and demand information, and a certain amount of customer resources, it serves as a link between the upper and downstream parts of the chain of pig sales. Of the liquid assets, the money is mainly on inventory and the receivable ratio is very small.
More often than not, there is a sales model of “quiet” purchases, so the company’s receivables take very little money, usually zero. The cycle of pig farming determines that the investment in mobile assets is concentrated on stocks dominated by expendable biological assets, i.e., pigs that will be sold out in the future.
— Inventory turnover (sub-) Sales patterns lead to healthy operating cash flows. The industry’s “two-in-one” sales model makes it possible to absorb less of the company’s money and better of the company’s cash flow, while, for example, the investment pattern of heavy assets leads to depreciation, etc.
The higher non-cash costs have affected net profit performance to a certain extent, so the operating cash flow/net profit ratio of herbs shares is generally higher than one, increasing the demand for expendable biological assets in individual years, following a significant expansion of the company ' s productive capacity, to the detriment of the company ' s operating cash flow performance.
1.3. Industrial miracles: Under the heavy asset model, a 30-fold expansion over eight years has been achieved, maintaining a “company-plus farm” model that is distinct from that of other farming groups.
The turnover of fixed assets is generally lower than 2 per cent, far below the industry comparable, while capital expenditure levels remain high and the net profits generated each year are almost always invested in the expansion of productive capacity.
Figure 6: Corporate fixed asset turnover is lower than that of peers Figure 7: Corporate capital spending has been at a high level, expanding exponentially, with a slight drop to 1,025,000 in 2019, affected by the African pigpest.
At that time, corporate profitability remained high, at an average of 30 per cent for the past 10 years, 18 per cent for the roe, 21 per cent for the net interest rate on sales, with a certain degree of volatility in profitability affected by the cyclical nature of pig prices during the period.
Figure 10: Significant growth in corporate operating income Cost advantages associated with fine management, further upgrading of barriers in non-pessil settings 2.1, weak scale effects of farm enterprises, cost control testing of management capabilities
Depreciation is less than 10% of the cost, and the scale effect of pig farming enterprises is weaker. Among the cost of pig production, fixed cost is depreciation of fixed assets, stock depreciation of heavy asset models is 9% of operating costs and share depreciation of Winch under the “corporate + farm” light asset model is 4% of operating costs; variable costs include feedstocks, etc.
Wages for employees, costs of seedlings, etc. On the one hand, because fixed costs account for less than 10% of the cost of pig production, the costs of growing farming enterprises have limited scope; on the other hand, as size expands, the management of development enterprises becomes more difficult, and the unit can be further enhanced if it fails to keep pace with its management capacity.
The test of cost advantages is the integrated management capacity of the farm enterprise, the barriers are very deep. The full cost of a pig depends on the cost of feed, the cost of seedlings, depreciation, employee remuneration, other costs, the death rate, etc., but the variables affecting the cost also interact and interact with each other, such as the farm during the African pigpest, in order to reduce the number of pigs.
The full-time mortality rate has increased the renovation of pighouses, increased strict cleaning, heating of feed ends, and eventually reduced mortality, while the cost of the rest has risen, and the impact on full potential is difficult to measure before. So the cost advantage test is the comprehensive management capacity and staff of the farm enterprise.
The accumulation of enforcement capacity and experience, and the formation of cost advantages, requires a long period of experience under a scientific system, with deep barriers. 2.2. Cost advantages associated with precision management of the company ' s whole chain
The company's full cost is lower than that of its peers, and the core is more competitive. The full cost of looking at a company's full cost is between $11 and $12 per kilogram, while the full cost of a farm pig on a scale is between $13 and 15 per kilogram. Because a pig is essentially homogenous, the core competitiveness of a farm enterprise is at the cost side, and the cost advantage makes the company more expensive in pigs.
Businesses are more profitable than their peers, and when prices are low, their counterparts are generally losing out, while companies are still able to expand, and are more resilient to risk. Each round of pig cycle is a phase-out cycle that lags behind, and is also an expansion cycle of advanced capacity, with herding shares constantly increasing their share by virtue of their cost advantage.
Cost splitting: Data show that pastoral share cost advantages are derived from feed, manual, and self-sustaining models. At the operating cost end, the company is 0.29 yuan/kg lower than the Winch share. Specifically, the company saved 0.29 yuan/kg on feed costs, 0.09 yuan/kg on employee remuneration, due to the company’s self-sustaining model,
A commissioning fee of 1.92 yuan per kilogram was saved, but at the same time it was accompanied by higher depreciation under the heavy asset model, with more veterinary inputs for vaccines in high farm density.
The company’s subsidiaries are located in the country’s main food-producing areas, which reduce the cost of purchasing and transporting food. The company’s subsidiaries are mainly located in the north-east, north-east and north-west food-producing areas. Of these, Henan Province is the country’s largest food-producing province, where food production accounts for around 10 per cent of the country’s total food production; the north-east is the country’s important commodity-producing base, the Year’s Corn.
Production of more than 100 million tons, or about 40% of the country’s maize production, provides sufficient protection against the supply of raw materials for the company, while reducing the transport cost of raw materials, giving the company some advantage in the cost of purchasing raw materials. The raw materials mix is flexible + low protein nutrients, effectively reducing the cost of feed.
The application of wheat, raw material processing by-products has been developed on the basis of the technology of , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,  and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
It really digests the low-protein day-to-day food formula of the amino acid system, makes full use of crystallized amino acid to reduce the use of soybean, enriches the choice of substitute maize raw materials and not only reduces traditional feed dependency on corn, soybean, but also significantly reduces nitrogen emissions and the environment is more friendly.
Multi-stage precision nutrition formulations + high-tailored feed processing processes to minimize costs and increase farm productivity. For different varieties, types, and stages of growth, companies use multi-stage precision nutrient formulation techniques to develop six types of 59 dynamic nutrient models based on seasonal, pig populations and productive energy application methods.
By means of blending techniques, the breeding grounds can be adapted to the growth performance of the herds, providing a daily formula and precision nutrition. At the same time, production is automated in the feed processing process, ensuring not only the precision of the ingredients, but also the safety of feed production, ensuring the health of the herds and the safety of pork and pork food.
There is no risk to the source. Development and application of high-temperature sterilisation techniques for feed for more than 85°C and 20 minutes to ensure the biosafety of feed and the health of pigs. Development of nutritional information systems to monitor the growth performance of pigs, their intake and the quality of feed, to guide the management of feeding, to reduce the waste of feed and to ensure the quality of feed.
2.2.2. Growing ends: Growing up the productive capacity of commodity pigs is driven by end demand, reducing the cost of raising them. Companies insist on growing them with the demand for pork consumption by end consumers, with food safety, pork quality, thin meat rate, fertility as their primary goal of breeding, value breeding, long-term and current benefits.
The company has a pig b superback-back meter, advanced United States breeding philosophy and blup genetic performance assessment software, and joined the National Pig Genome Selection Platform in 2017 and the Department of Agriculture in 2019.
The company conducts research on molecular genetic information, drawing on the technical capacities of universities and scientific institutes;
The food safety system, which provides for the continuous testing of the meats of commercial pigs and the establishment of a system to match market demand, also enforces strict selection criteria for pigs entering the core plant to ensure the maintenance and enhancement of the good gene bank performance of the core plant. The company implements an independent seeding programme, through science-based breeding techniques.
To improve the genetic performance of pigs, improve their productivity, reduce the cost of raising them, improve the quality and taste of pork, and be a standard of living, and maintain a leading position in the country in terms of the size and technology of breeding them. It has now moved away from dependence on imported pigs, increasing the productive capacity of commercial pigs by breeding them, reducing the cost of raising them, making them safer and compatible with the elimination of pork.
Cost-payer demand and market recognition are high. 2.2.3. At the end of the farm: maintenance of a high-prevalence route leads to lower mortality rates, and the individual is considered to bring a very high degree of executive power to the employee.
The management is right, and from the very beginning has been following a high-grade closed-industrialization farming route. The founder of the company, Mr. Qin Yinglin, has been raising pigs since 1992, constantly studying, innovating and building pighouses, and has accumulated a great deal of technology and experience. On the one hand, the modern pighouses of herbs are constantly being developed and equipped with smart feeding and intelligence.
Intelligent equipment, such as cycling, pig-breeding robots, through artificial intelligence technology, building models for the prediction of swine disease, real-time disease surveillance and effective control, automatic collection and analysis of farm-based process data, early warning of some pig disease, assistance to veterinary doctors for long-range diagnosis, and the firm's commitment to the concept of “better than prevention, better than cure, more integrated treatment”.
There is a well-established system of disinfection, quarantine, disease control, multilevel isolation of pigs farms, small interior environmental control, etc., and an early warning system. With regard to the layout of the area in question, the company operates a “large area, small unit” to prevent cross-infection of the disease and intrusion of external pathogens.
The safety and effectiveness of the company's preventive system, which provides a highly clean growth environment for pigs, has significantly reduced the entire mortality rate of pigs. On the other hand, the company has also improved its efficiency and reduced the cost of human labour per kilogram of pig production.
As of December 31, 2019, more than 100 new and practical patents, patents for visual designs and inventions have been made for various types of pighouses and related farming equipment developed by the company.
A sophisticated management and evaluation has resulted in savings in human costs and a very high level of staff performance. The complexity of the raw pig production and raising process has led to the actual implementation of all cost reduction measures by the employees, so that the staff’s ability to implement is a crucial step in achieving cost advantages.
A series of standardization systems and technical regulations have been developed to harmonize the technology, standards, equipment, personnel, and industrial production systems of the production process, and to promote the advancement and efficiency of company farming techniques. On the one hand, the companies are based on the core values of the different farming areas and the different stages of their production.
The system of production management information developed by the company on the basis of value creation allows for detailed and accurate assessment of the arrival of workers. The results of the site’s operations are directly linked to the remuneration of all producers.
To enable employees in various jobs to compare their work values, competencies and productivity in terms of quantity, analysis, distance, full competition and replication of experience, promotion of skills upgrading in different jobs, and rapid replication of teams of excellence. On the other hand, companies have introduced a system of rating of star breeders, teacher-teaching and mentoring, which improves the operational skills of producers.
At the same time, the refinement of the company has led to savings in human cost, with average per capita remuneration of only $66,000 in 2019, which is 2.3 and higher in a non-pest-based environment.
In the wake of the outbreak of the African pigpest, farm-breeding enterprises increased their investment in pig farm rehabilitation, increased facilities such as pipe chains, air filtration, new wind systems, increased depreciation, and increased costs associated with the new cleaning, and increased mortality and planting of pigs.
The full cost of listed companies in a non-pessil context can be seen to have increased in varying degrees, with herd shares at a full cost of about $13.7 per kilogram in 2019 and further raised to $15.5 per kilogram in the first quarter of 2020.
This is reflected in the very strong management capacity of herds, which leads to the highest efficiency and lower mortality rates in the rings. We believe that, with the gradual release of herds, there is room for a reduction in the cost of living pigs.
3. The advantages of pseudo-dual breeding systems and the leading prophylactic systems have led to a significant increase in the volume of 3.1. The company ' s unique re-dividual breeding system has a strong breeding and reproductive efficiency advantage in the context of the African pigpest.
In the course of its past development, the company has been exploring innovations and has established a unique dual breeding system, which, in contrast to the fact that the commodity pigs of the peer-to-peer three-dimensional breeding system take into account both meat and meat, can be planted directly for the use of pigs without reducing reproductive efficiency, and in the context of the current dearth of pigs, it is the company's market.
3.2, the company's biosafety control system is leading, with a strong expansion of capacity creating a high growth of production, and the company's 2019q4 is on a roll, with the same number expected to be on a roll of 2020q2.
In early 2019, the company’s mortality rate was higher. In terms of productive biological assets, the company recovered from 2019q2 rings, while most companies in the industry, with the exception of herd shares, needed to buy pig supplements, while the higher price of pig farming at the current high prices would significantly increase the book value of productive biological assets, so
The recovery of the actual number of pigs planted by other companies in the industry is expected to be less than book value after removing the effects of the out-of-plant purchase, so that both the timing and the extent of the recovery of the company ' s productive biological assets are ahead of their peers, indicating that: first, the company ' s non-pest epidemic is stabilizing first, and the biosafety system is leading; second, the mortality rate is constant.
But after 2019q2, as the death rate was gradually reduced, the stacking company speeded up its turnover by selling piglets to 2019q4. Given that the company's productive biological assets recovered from the 2019q2 ratio and its recent loads confirmed the stability of the epidemic, we believe that the company's traffic from the 2020q2 level to the same level.
Figure 20: A decline in the number of companies affected by the non-pest disease in 2019
Figure 23: Recovery of company productive biological assets from the 2019q2 ring ratio
▪ The bottom data for linear extrapolation at the end of March 2020 were 28 million at the end of the first quarter of the year, and corporate capital expenditure in 2020 was projected at over 20 billion, showing that it was estimated to be more than 20 billion.
It's a huge expansion. We've measured the corresponding fixed asset input per head by dividing the value of the new fixed asset in each of the past years by adding capacity, about $1,000 before the African pigpest, and after the outbreak of the African pigpest, the company has increased its investment in the renovation of the pighouse to $1247, taking into account the future standards of the system.
Up, assuming $1400 per head, based on construction in progress at the end of 2019 and capital expenditure in 2020, to Figure 27: Firm growth in construction work in progress, Figure 28: Maintenance of high growth in corporate capital expenditure
Figure 29: The projected new single-manufacturing capacity of $1400 for capital expenditure in 2020 will increase the number of pigs to 128.32 million. Given the impact of leftovers on the logout and the sufficient capacity of fixed assets, companies are expected to have a higher level of certainty that they will be able to reach 17.5 to 20 million by 2020. By the end of March 2020, companies will be able to grow.
In view of the recent increase in the number of new toll-rich pigs by 100,000 and more per month, it is expected that by the end of the year the company will have more than 2.5 million to grow a pig. According to the Chinese Government's online data, at the end of 2019 the industry would have a ton-rich pig-stock of 2,045 million and the counterpart company would have had 6.3 per cent.
By the end of 2020, when the industry was able to return to the pre-African level of 34 million pigs, the share of herds was 7.4 per cent, and the growth of herds in the current cycle was significant.
(i) Pig prices: taking into account the lower average cost of commodities in the company ' s main areas of output distribution and the current monthly phase-out (2) costs: taking into account the current high level of input in the non-pest-control environment, the costs are higher than previously, (3) future levels: on the one hand, the company ' s biosafety control system is at the forefront of the industry and currently non-pest
In this context, there is certainty in the number of entries; on the other hand, the company is currently growing its seed and production capacity, and it is expected that the company’s champions of the self-support model, with its excellent management capacity, will lead the way in terms of costs and vaccination systems. The barriers to farming in the context of Africa’s swine plague are now rising, and there are listed companies.
We expect companies to double in 2020-2022, higher than comparable corporate valuations, but taking into account differences in business structures (Wings with yellow chickens, new hopes and just state technology feed), company valuations and new hopes are close, but still higher than industry averages.
The difference between the immune system and the level of farming has been magnified, taking into account the company’s excellent ability to control the disease and the level of farming, its high level of certainty, and its supposed value premium, its first coverage, and its “buy-in” rating. Pig prices are not as good as expected, their growth is not as high as expected, and its costs are not falling as expected.