A beautiful group of home appliances (000333) White taps are growing steadily and Kuka integration is increasing performance at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: The company published three quarterly reports in 2017, which generated revenues of $18.8 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 60 per cent in the same year, and a net return to the mother of $15 billion, an increase of 17 per cent in the same year. The q3 quarter generated a return of $62.8 billion, an increase of 61 per cent, and a return to the mother of $4.2 billion, an increase of 26 per cent in the same year.
During the reporting period, the company’s original business (decapitation of Kuka, Toshiba) grew at a rate that has been high since the group as a whole was listed. The Kuka Group’s business was incorporated in the first quarter of this year, contributing $19.8 billion in the previous three quarters, an increase of 27 per cent in the same year, and pre-tax profits of 26 per cent in the same year.
Intra-divisional growth has been strong, coupled with a positive increase in the successive M&As, contributing to good performance in the first half of the year. • Product structural changes and amortization costs have delayed profitability. In the previous three quarters, the corporate Mäori rate was 25.4%, and the Division acquired the Kuka Group, with a new Mäori-lower robotic business, resulting in a change in product structure; and
In addition, the cost of amortization of intangible assets arising from mergers and acquisitions amounted to $1.85 billion in the first three quarters. • The introduction of “t+3” changes to improve channel efficiency. During the reporting period, companies continued to promote “t+3” order system changes, downgrade the channel level, drive the power-market platform straight-up, and lower the channel stock.
The number of working days has been reduced from 41 days to 33 days at the beginning of the year. The efficiency of the channels has increased, on the one hand, by saving the cost of company logistics storage and, on the other hand, by reducing the time spent on dealer funds and increasing the motivation of the distributors.
There are more than 50 complementary projects in the Middle East by the Ministry of Electricity and the United States of America, with products such as washing machines, vacuum cleaners, refrigerators, microwaves, and freezers completed and marketed in the first half of the year.
The leading company, Kuka, takes advantage of the global opportunities for robotic development, and the same time as the Chinese robot Blue Sea market, further upgrades the company’s manufacturing level and becomes a model for home-based smart manufacturing. Profit forecasting and investment advice.
Sang-feng Research Group 2. America Group (000333): Performance overperformance, expectation of internationalization and intelligent layout (2016-11-01)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.