American group (000333.sz) Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average, strong growth in air-conditioning sales + high-speed energy development in ice-washing small households + good M & As operations.
On the other hand, in the case of the United States of America, the main source of revenue was $156.4 billion, or 39 per cent, and the mother ' s net gain was $15.7 billion, or 23 per cent; in the case of sub-products, (1) the channel of access plus the end-of-pipe heat sale, the air conditioning business was the fastest growing; and industry online showed the same volume of air conditioners in January-September as +49 per cent, with internal sales + 98 per cent (municipally).
1. " Rapid growth in income size, improved performance of Kukatoshise -- rapid growth, expected to increase income by more than 30 per cent; " (3) The ice-washing business, with a slight increase in industry, is committed to increasing market share + improved product structure, with revenues from washing machines and refrigerators projected for the first three quarters, respectively
2. " Strength growth of the original plate, ready-to-distribute M & As - growth of more than 20% and 15% " . On the operational side, the 17q1-q3kuka group achieved revenues of 198.3 billion yuan, income and pre-tax profits + 27% and + 26% respectively, and M & A business performance
3. "Better than expected, longer-term value-beautiful groups with only a small decline in the profit margins of the main industry highlight the leading pricing power, operational capacity and profit quality. "
0.13 pct, industry chain pricing rights plus product price increases are in place to effectively transfer raw material costs and RMB appreciation +0.44 pct, +1.23 pct (receipt losses are greater, but the q3 impact ring ratio is less), net interest rates are 1 percentage point below the same ratio, the company’s operational management effects and its ability to resist systemic risks are evident.
In terms of capacity, the United States-based operational inventory turnover days are 8 to 33 days less than the same year, the cash cycle (deposit days + accounts receivable days — working days payable) is 5 to 5 days less than the same time, and the day-to-day operation of the former business is sufficient to absorb the payables, which will effectively reduce financial costs and cash flow
(8621) 6023244 Risk. In terms of profit quality, operating net cash is $20.1 billion, i.e. + 5.4 per cent, operating net cash / wiili1@gjzq.com.cn
In the short term, the air-conditioning pipeline stock is low, the second round of reservoir elasticity is reduced but is expected to last until early next year, and the United States is expected to earn or exceed its annual income.
At a cost of about $2.4 billion, the amortization of the goodwill fell to around $600 million in 2018, so next year's US performance will increase to about 20%. In the medium and long term, America's strategy of “product upgrading + efficiency improvement + global operations” will not waver, and the accelerated integration of kuka and Toshiba power will help.
The goal of positioning the world’s consumer appliances, the heating industry, and the future industrial automating leading companies. The company’s white poles are strong, operating efficiency and corporate governance are being optimized, internationalization and diversification are opening up room for growth, and looking at the beauty of the group’s long-term positive growth.
In addition, the United States Group projected a net profit of $170,203,23 billion in 2017-19, which did not meet expectations of the performance of the M&As; a significant increase in the price of raw materials; and a marked increase in competition in the market.
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.