The American group (000333.sz) Wang Wei Chul
In the first three quarters, the net profit of yoy + 17% is in line with expectations, and the long-term growth of the company is in line with expectations. Of this amount, the company q3 achieved a yield of $6.250 billion, y0y + 60.9%, and recorded a net profit of $4.19 billion, yoy + 26.4% (after deductions of yoy + 30.2%).
In the first three quarters of the year, the company registered a huge increase in revenue, which was due in part to the new incorporation of acquired enterprises such as Kuka, the contribution of Kuka in the first three quarters was $19.84 billion (youy+27 per cent), and we expect to contribute more than 11 billion in Toshiba electricity.
The asset premium amortization has made net gains less rapid than the recovery rate: _Kuka’s net profits before the tax in the last three quarters – yoy+26%, and we expect Toshiba’s electricity to be profitable with continuous improvement in q2 and q3.
The increase in performance was lower than the increase in revenue, mainly because companies were amortizing the premium on assets generated by the acquisition of kuka.
The combined Māori rate of the original business was, on the other hand, affected by the rise in raw materials prices. Corporate costs fluctuated slightly as a result of the increase in the share of institutional investors in the flowa shares, with the company selling at the same rate as 10.6 per cent.
By comparison, the management cost rate increased by 0.4 percentage points to 5.6 per cent over the same period, and the interest rate increased by 1.2 percentage points to 0.5 per cent over the same period. Overall, the company ' s internationalization strategy has progressed steadily: the company is moving forward through the acquisition of enterprises like Toshiba, Clivet, etc.
The acquisition of kuka will further the company’s “brain-brain” strategy (smart home plus smart manufacturing) to increase the efficiency of the company’s production and to upgrade its manufacturing. In addition, we believe that the company can work with the Kuka Group to develop a vast Chinese robot.
Markets, opening up new growth points. Profit predictions and investment proposals: In the short term, we believe that the recovery of three or four lines of city real estate sales in the first half of the year will continue to be a driving force for corporate electricity output: in the medium and long term, companies are integrated.
Integrating the Kucca Group will allow the company to stand directly at the high end of smart manufacturing, increase efficiency and expand new growth. We expect the company to be able to do so in 2017 and 2018.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is given as follows: