Healthcare Pharmaceuticals, Biosciences and Life Sciences In the second half of the year, a three-point-driven, comprehensive pharmaceutical enterprise was created to integrate drugs into the harvest. “III” was launched after the Collen Pharmaceuticals industry came to the market in June 2010.
The first engine is to maintain Collon's absolute leadership in the field of fluids through continuous industrial upgrading and variety restructuring; the second engine is to develop innovative uses of high-quality natural resources to build resistance from intermediates, raw materials, to formulations.
The third engine builds the ultimate driving force behind the growth of the business base through the construction of the R & D system and technological innovation of diversification. Large infusion plates: the first half of the year's income is inundated, and the next half of the year is expected to warm up with the number of clients.
According to the data, in 2019, the number of monthly visits to health facilities in the country was maintained at 70-730 million. In February, the peak period of the epidemic fell to 250 million and then rose again every month, and we expect that the number of monthly visits will rise to around 700 million in July.
The price of antibiotics is fully warming, and Trunchin is expected to make a catch in the second half of the year. 1) Sulphur cyanide has been red for 12 months at the highest/minimum level.
Meadows are the key intermediate material for large epoxy drugs, such as red methin and caraline, which increased in 2020 from $295/kg in January to $390/kg in July; 2) penicillin industry salt is an important ingredient in the production of methoxin antibiotics and some of the headpox antibiotics, starting in 2020.
Since the beginning of the year, the price of 7-aca has recovered to around $450/kg and has remained stable; 4) 6-apa is an important intermediate in the production of semi-synthetic melamine antibiotic sodium and amosilin. After 2020, the price of 6-apa rose from 145/kg in January to 195/kg in July.
Formulation plates: Consistency evaluation varieties include a large number of heavy-pound products, and non-infusion formulations will maintain a high rate of growth. According to the company ' s annual report of 2019, 41 generic medicines were approved for listing. As of 19 August 2020, 24 different types of coherency had been evaluated.
The heavy weights of male specialists, cardiovasculars, tumours, and self-exempts, such as fads, vernaculars, Engles net, protein violet, etc. have been approved as a continuous growth of non-refusion formulation plates.
Intoxication, breathing, men’s studies, etc. Innovative drug plates: Innovative drug plates gradually form a cluster of products characterized by high-tech barriers, and pd-l1 units are expected to be marketed in 2021.
The new drug is entering the clinical stage. The Colon focussing on the oncology track, apart from the two biologically similar drugs (egfr and vegfr2) in the clinical stage, is the initial completion of the priority layout of the immunosuppressants and anti-couples (adc); on the target selection, Collon achieved.
Reasonable configuration of proven old targets, pd-l1 and her2 and new targets, lag-3, Tim-3, trop2. Profit predictions and ratings: we believe that the company's lines of operation were different during the first half of the year.
In the second half of the year, it is expected that the country’s clinical environment will improve, hospitalization and outpatient infusion will increase significantly compared to the first half of the year, while the price of the raw materials will remain high and the performance will gradually be released.
Founded in 1996, after more than 20 years, the company has now become a modern pharmaceutical group with more than 100 businesses, both within and outside the country. The company was listed successfully on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange on 3 June 2010 and is the world’s largest professional producer and operator of major infusions.
The company is one of the most varied and well-packaged pharmaceutical manufacturers in China and one of the most well-developed domestic industrial chains.
As of 31 December 2019, the company owned 578 medical products of a total of 993 specifications, including 127 infusion products of a total of 297 specifications, 399 in other pharmaceutical products of a total of 642 specifications and 52 in 54 specifications.
In addition, the company owns 10 varieties of antibiotics intermediates and 4 varieties of medical devices of 7 specifications. The company produces a total of 578 pharmaceutical products of 25 types by clinical application range. Of these, 124 are in the National Basic Medicines Directory (2018 editions), 82 are in the 0tc catalogue and are included in the National Health Insurance.
In 2017, Collon was ranked 155th in China’s 500th largest manufacturing industry, with combined power entering China’s pharmaceutical industry. In 2018, Collon was evaluated as a single manufacturing champion based on the global advantage of large-volume injections.
In 1996, the Sichuan Colon drug plant was created, and it created a miracle of the “Five Days” that were planned, invested, built, produced, and profited from that year. In 1998, the Sichuan Colon drug plant built a new high-speed infusion production line and made it available through the Sichuan Provincial Drug Monitoring Authority.
In 1999, the Sichuan Kölen drug plant was expanded off-site to serve as the country’s largest large transmission base. In 2003, the standard non-pvc soft bags and plastic bottles were launched simultaneously in Sichuan and Hunan, bringing in high-tech content.
In 2010, the Karen Pharmacy (sz002422) was successfully listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. In 2011, the Guangdong Pharmacy Industry, Gui Lin Dahua Pharmaceuticals, Chongzhou Geng plastics, and the establishment of the Sichuan new dispensaries,
In 2012, the merger of pearls, New dollar pharmaceuticals and the establishment of Jane Yang's, the establishment of the Collen International Limited Division, the Sichuan Collon Pharmaceutical Industry in Hong Kong, the participation in glass bottles in Guanghan City, and the consolidation of South Central Collon and Hunan in Hunan.
(a) The Collen Yoo Yang branch, which acquired the resources of the Cullen Pharmacy Industry in Guizhou, Ford in Tensho County, which was replenished to the Duo Qingshan Likang Pharmacy and established a partnership outside the country for the Karenkaz Pharmacy Industry; in 2013, Collen in Guizhou absorbed the integration of Kinren in Guizhou; and in Guangxi Collen, which established the Su Bridge Branch of Guangxi Collen Pharmaceuticals Ltd.;
Establishment of Collen Drug Research Co. Ltd., Suzhou: Qingshan Likang established a double branch of Chengdu Qingshan Likang Pharmaceuticals Ltd. In 2014, kluspharmainc. (Konath Pharmaceuticals Ltd.) was established in the United States; Quzhou Collen Pharmaceutical Trade & I Ltd. was established; cancellation of Su Bridge branch of Guangxi Collon Pharmaceuticals Ltd.; and Guangxi Collen Pharmaceuticals Ltd. was established in Lingchuan
Branch; establishment of Tianjin Collen Drug Research Ltd. In 2015, a national science and technology advancement award was awarded and the company ' s first biotechnology drug was successfully declared clinically. In 2016, a high-tech biopharmaceutical market and an internationalization strategy: investment in a biopharmaceuticals estate project.
In 2017, the “Alamine amino acid (18) injection fluids” were obtained, the “Certificate of New Medicines for Injecting Sodium Parrays” and the “Registration of Medicines” for raw materials and preparations. In 2018, the Colenhassak Agriculture, the Peaks of Shanghai, and the Sichuan Collon Pharmaceuticals Ltd. were established.
The company went to the market in June 2010 and immediately launched its 10 billion-dollar industrial investment plan, starting a “three-way drive, innovation growth” development strategy. The first engine was to maintain Collon’s absolute presence in the area of fluids through continuous industrial upgrading and variety restructuring.
Lead; second engine builds a competitive advantage in the entire industry chain of antibiotics, from intermediates, raw materials to formulations, through innovative exploitation of high-quality natural resources; third engine builds the ultimate driving force of business-based youth through technological innovation in the construction and diversification of R & D systems.
Chart 1: In the area of fluids, the company has achieved a full industrial upgrading, with both high-end manufacturing and the profitability of new materials, occupying a strategic high ground for technological innovation and quality poles. Companies have established a direct flow of research and development, manufacturing, and logistics from pharmaceuticals.