The performance in the first half of 2022 was in line with expectations, with the series maintaining a net profit of 1,317 million yuan, an increase of 18.08 per cent in the same year, and a net cash flow from operating activities of 5.36 billion yuan, an increase of 1794.16 per cent in the same year.
The higher rate of increase in net cash flows from battalion activities is mainly due to a careful analysis of unfunded funds utilization plans in the context of the company's actual business situation, which is presented in two scenarios based on the company's model of management of term deposits for 2022 and subsequent years: first, the determination of the anticipated possibility of replenishing operating funds at any given time.
Term deposits are shown in cash flows from operating activities; second, there is a temporary lack of capital use planning, a steady growth in the Quantico series, and a rapid release of the Quantico Quantico. In the first half of 2022, the company ' s liver medicine (the Quantico series) achieved income of $1.97 billion, an increase of 15.32 per cent in the brain.
Angioplasty (the ammonium herbs, etc.) achieved revenues of $123 million, 171 per cent more than the same year, medicines, 1,873 million more than the same year, and solar panels, 350 million less, 19.08 per cent less than the same year, and food plates, 73 million more than the same year.
311.02%. 2022q2, the under-line channel is more affected by the epidemic, with the same amount on the line, a net increase in overseas sales, and a rapid increase in the sheaves. From the ground, there is an increase of 13.71% over the same period, with rapid growth in South China, China, North China, and beyond.
In the first half of 2022, the company was 0.74 pct. Hepatic medicine, cardiovascular medicine, medical circulation, solarization, food plate Maori, molecular innovation, and research and development investment increased gradually, amounting to 110 million dollars in the first half of 2022.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd. continues to increase brand input and expand marketing channels.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of the city of Beijing, the channel was launched, leading to high-frequency exposure of the series of "big brands" and cards, and the construction of "sea, land and air" on the basis of landmarks, high-iron and large international airports all over the country.
The company has made the 2021 Hu-yun brand list with a value of $51 billion, and for the fourth year in a row it's second in a Chinese brand.
It covers nearly 400 of the country’s experience centres and more than 50 of the country’s 5,000 connected terminal stores, working with the general population and leading pharmacies, such as the Expensive Pharmacies, to achieve full supply. Risk factors: disease control leads to underperformance, under-sales of products, prices of raw materials, etc.
\triangleright, \triangleright, team member, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai University of Transport University, worked in clinical coro in ppcca and paraexel, 2021, joined the Sinda Portfolio, in charge of cxo industry studies.
General Nguyen, team member, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
In April, he joined the Sinda Portfolio, which is responsible for research on medical equipment and the Chinese medicine plate industry. Zhao Shuang, a member of the team, a bachelor's degree in biotechnology from Shanghai Transport University, and a master's degree in information management from Carnegie Mellon University. Two years of experience in the securities industry. In 2022, he joined the Sinda Portfolio, which is responsible for research on medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.