There is no substitute for the cost and channel advantage of new materials in the north, and the cash is a good countercyclical leader, and there is no alternative to the gypsum, size and channel advantage.
Growth is still expected to be the culmination of an extraordinary cash flow of anti-cyclical building materials. The global gypsum tap with a capacity of 2.7 billion flats: the company is the global gypsum industry leader and is now in production with a capacity of more than 2.7 billion ft, a sales capacity of 1.87 billion pm in 2018, and a market share of nearly 60%.
In the near future, the company will be planning to build 3 billion flat capacity, planning 5 billion flat capacity in the medium and long term, and making up the company’s important business plates with paint and water protection. By reference to the company’s market share and sales, the cardboard industry will not be larger than $20 billion: the company is self-inflicted.
We believe that the demand for the industry comes mainly from office buildings, businesses, and home improvements. The upstream raw material is mainly gypsum versus facepaper, the relative adequacy of cast supplies, and the price of face paper is affected by the waste paper, which will be sustained by a reduction in the quota for out-of-use imports.
▪ US litigation and settlement costs are lower than expected, buying sheep for waterproofing: recently, the U.S. company filed a lawsuit, and settlement costs $248 million were lower than expected, creating some good corporate benefits. The company acquired the southwest water-protected dragonhead Sichuan sheep.
A strong cash flow against the cycle of building materials: there is no substitute for the company’s size cost and channel advantage in the gypsum industry, and future occupancy is expected to increase further.
Companies have significant advantages in terms of cash flow, receivables, asset turnover, etc. The construction materials industry is the leader of a few industries that maintain high-quality cash flows without the apparent impact of the real estate cycle.
The industry has declined, market demand has fallen, water acquisition has fallen short of expectations, and the case in the United States is still in its final stages.
Construction materials: other building materials.
1. China ' s construction industry, which has been working on parchment boards for 40 years, is a complex construction industry that specializes in the development, production, sale, services and production of products such as gypsum plates. The company provides cast board walls, hanging systems for various types of buildings, and a slender system.
It has been 37 years since the company began producing its first cast board in 1982. In 1997, the company began to develop new construction materials using the listed company platform. In 2004, the company offered to focus on the cardboard industry, and in 2005 acquired 42% of Thaksin casts, starting to be used as the main product.
By 2016, the company was acquiring the remaining share of Tarzan cast; during this period, the ability to produce the cast board grew steadily, reaching the highest in Asia in 2009 and the highest in 2012. In 2018, the company started to open overseas markets by starting production in Tanzania.
By the end of June 2019, more than 2.7 billion of the company’s production capacity was concentrated in Shandong, Anhui, Jiangsu, and other locations throughout the country. By 2020-2021, the company is expected to successfully complete its 3 billion flat sheet production plan, followed by expanding its overseas market and deep-cultivating country.
The internal market is moving toward a medium- and long-term target of 5 billion flat sheet energy. In the near future, the company has acquired Sichuan sheep protection materials, Ltd., and started a product-based expansion road.
The gypsum is a company-owned product with several advantages, including environmental light: the gypsum has good decorative effects and good sound-smoking properties, is less expensive than other roof decorative materials, is often used to make ceilings and fences, is a light construction material that is energy-efficient, efficient, recyclable, non-polluted. It is a new building that the government is actively promoting.
The sale of cardboard boards has reached about 80% of the total sales of cardboards. The sales of cardboards have also consistently reached 85% of the company’s collections over the years, and there has been a steady increase in cardboard capacity, with industry-driven production rates rising: since 2004, the company has gradually focused its operations on cardboards and their accompanying products, and over the past 15 years, the company’s new production lines, including through acquisitions, self-construction, and the production of cardboards, have grown steadily.
The company has taken the lead by benefiting from environmental tightening and the rise in the price of facepapers, as well as from a wave of price hikes in plaster plates. At present, despite the high fall in face paper and coal prices, the price of the cardboard remains at historically high levels, driving the company’s performance up from 11.71 per cent in 2016-2018, as a result of rising demand for cardboards and the company’s greater control over the price of the product.
Light steel bones are another important business for the company, and there is still room for improvement in the future as a result of the scale of the portfolio: light steel bones are generally used in conjunction with the installation of the gypsum. The sales of the gypsum and the slab are still relatively low. In 2018, the gypsum and bone are collected on a scale of 10,033 million yuan and 1,139 million yuan, respectively. The gypsum is a major part of the revenue, with sales reaching 1,869 million flat.
The average unit price is $5.62 per flat. The bone business is less than 10%, and the company’s construction business has declined steadily in recent years. There is still room for further improvement in the company’s light bone business, which is expected to increase in the future, as the company moves towards the sale of light steel bones with gypsum plates.
The performance has been steadily rising, and companies have become one of the most focused shares in the building block market: as the firm's plow-painting cardboard business has grown steadily in size and the industry landscape has driven the volume of its products up. Behind steady performance growth and robust financial indicators, companies have become one of the most focused listed companies in the building block. In the first quarter of 2007, the Public Fund held only 630,000 shares.
Only 0.09 per cent of the Agency ' s share of building block holdings; in mid-2019, public fund holdings reached 230 million shares, accounting for 9.51 per cent of the Agency ' s share of building block holdings, combined with conch cement, China ' s giant stones, Weistar ' s new material, the Eastern Rainbuse, etc., and classified as building block machines.
There are a number of cost-impact factors, such as the impact of covering paper, which is the prime source of the material, coal-fired and electrical: the primary raw materials of the cardboard plate are cast and sheet paper, and the main fuel sources are coal-fired and electricity. Natural and industrial by-product casts are burned and used as building gypsums, with minor additions.
The additives, such as water, become magma and then be placed between two layers of protective paper, and then are condensed, dry and finished. The coal-fired masters are to be used for cast burn, the electricity is used mainly for the production line itself, and the size of the production capacity can significantly reduce the consumption of fuel power.
Suspends, walls, face paper, fuel power.
It has a relatively high cost impact on gypsums: gypsum, paper, electricity, coal-fired raw materials, and fuels, where the cost of the gypsum is relatively high. Electricity prices are relatively stable, coal is a bulk commodity, with a cost of not more than 15%, and electricity and coal can be spread through scale effects, thus having less cost implications. The gypsum is now more stable and devulcanized as it gradually replaces natural rocks.
The cost is expected to decrease. The cost of the sheet is over 40% of the cost of the sheet, its raw material is waste paper, and the cost of the paper will increase as the country reduces the import of the piece of paper and the price of the piece of paper increases directly in 2018.
Natural gypsum reserves are abundant, devulcanized gypsum has a clear but limited increase in production, and phosphorus gypsum use is low: the gypsum supply comes mainly from the sky gypsum and industrial by-product gypsum, of which the by-products are mainly sulfur gypsum and phosphorus gypsum. Reference is made to data from the Ministry of Land Resources, in 2017, my national gypsum exploration stock exceeded 98 billion tons, with a sufficient supply of natural gypsum at the current level of about 200 million tons of domestic annual consumption.
The gypsum has a clear cost advantage over the natural gypsum, with a combined cost of 130 yuan per ton of natural gypsum, and a cost of less than 70 yuan for devulcanized gypsum; despite shortcomings such as high water content and stickability, the technology for devulcanized gypsum applications has matured and its penetration has increased rapidly, driven by national environmental policies. But it has been traced back to coal and oil, the main source of sulphur pollution, with the country producing about 3 billion tons of primary coal in 2018.
Consumption is estimated at 650 million tons, based on the cap of 21.5 kg of water-containing gypsum for primary coal production and 2.0 per cent of petroleum sulphur (generally 1-2 per cent) per year, with 73.9 million tons of devulcanized gypsum production, a utilization rate of 72.3 per cent, environmental regulatory strengthening since 2017 and a certain increase in production and utilization, and we therefore believe that the further increase in sulfur gypsum production is limited.
Pre-treatment costs are high, utilization is low, and it is still difficult to replace devulcanized gypsum. The need for gypsum is flat, and prices are not expected to fluctuate significantly: the main demand for gypsum comes from cement and gypsum, with cement masters coming from the use of crecers. According to a single ton of cement gypsums, 65 kg is mixed and a single flat gypsum is used, we think, 10 kg is used.
The current need for casts is about 1.9-200 million tons. The demand for cement is highly correlated with construction, and the demand for gypsums is highly correlated with completion, and we believe that, as the future construction industry progresses towards a single-digit growth, the demand for gypsums will continue to grow steadily. There will be no significant fluctuations in the price of gypsums when there is sufficient supply and demand increases.
The company’s output card position is clear, and the cost of gypsum is significantly lower than that of its peers: the cost of devulcanized gypsum is significant and the supply is relatively limited, and the company’s early distribution of capacity is clear. According to China’s Industrial Information Network, in 2016, the country’s sulfur gypsum industry used 2,108.37 million tons of sulfur gypsum, with companies using 16.07 million tons, or 76.22%.
The industry, 76.22% of the devulcanized gypsum, suggests that the company has a strong position in the production of the energy layout, and that “on-the-road plant” has played a role in taking the devulcanized gypsum. In this respect, the company’s cost of gypsum is 24% lower than that of other counterparts.
In 2017, the State Council introduced a policy of restricting the import of waste paper: the country's paper industry has a high demand for waste paper, high external dependence, and low domestic recycling rates. See Chinese paper yearbook data, 2018, for a total of 104.35 million tons of paper produced in the country, of which 64.65 million tons were produced, 70.07 million tons were consumed and 53.24 million tons consumed in waste paper, with a self-sufficiency rate of only 75.76 per cent.
From the point of view of the recovery rate, the national recycling rate is only 51.02 per cent, with a rate of 67.34 per cent for full self-sufficiency, and 16.32 pct, which has increased by only 12.5 pct since 2005. In order to increase the national recycling rate, the State Council has since 2017 introduced a policy prohibiting the import of unsorted scrap paper, while raising the threshold for importing scrap paper and the quality requirements for importing scrap paper, from supply and demand.
At the same time, restrictions on the import of scrap paper were imposed, aiming to achieve zero imports by 2020. The advantage of paper tap import quotas was not sustainable, and the cost of paper-protected raw materials would increase over the next two years: the policy of restricting the import of scrap paper was quite effective, with a direct increase in the country’s waste recovery rate of 4.99 pct in 2018, at a rate that would make zero out in 2021.
On the supply side, there is currently a strict quota for imported waste, which is concentrated on the industrial front, with a clear downward trend. There are no more quotas after 2020-2021. The current prices are still significantly lower than for national waste, and there are import quotas for paper taps, which have a cost advantage, but the future quotas are gradually decreasing, and in terms of average cost, the cost of raw materials such as facepapers will be reduced over the next two years.
Changes in the pattern of the paper industry, with long-term national waste prices expected to decline: the paper industry itself is facing changes, and on the one hand, the policy is further restricting the approval of permits, home-made power plants, industrial land, etc., and the paper industry itself is facing a shortage of production. At the same time, demand for paper is increasing for stability, environmental costs are rising, profit margins are compressed, and investments abroad are clearly rising.
As the country’s recycling rate rises further, the price of the country’s waste will decline over the long term. Chart 18.
The industry of Tai and Paper is a paper-carrying plant under the flag of Tarzan cast, a new North material subsidiary. Reference to data from the port paper business, the price of paper-carrying has risen gradually over the last two years, with the price of paper-free materials on average reaching $4,345.64, and the Māori rate has fallen in 2018. We believe that the price of scrap paper will continue to rise over the next two years, and the price of paper-carrying paper will continue to rise over the next two years.
Import quotas + self-build capacity, paper protection cost control capacity up: in 2018, the Thai and paper industries contracted with the Huadong paper machine to build 400,000 tons of paper protection capacity, plus the original Thai and paper capacity, which will result in more than 500,000 tons of new post-natal paper production, with city-to-city coverage
Nearly half of the country. Since Thai and productive capacity reach more than 50,000 tons, they have an extra-import waste quota, with a better cost than their counterparts. Reference to the port paper industry data, we believe that when new production takes place, the self-sufficiency rate of corporate face paper will be over 45%, and the cost of a single cardboard cardboard will be over 45%.
1. The strength of the company ' s production capacity has been marked by a decline in the main demand for the gypsum tablet, which is more than 50 per cent in most of the regional markets: Shandong, Hubei and Jiangsu provinces are the main regions of the country; there is a significant advantage in the gypsum area; there is a significant advantage in the company ' s capacity card position; there is a concentration of the main capacity in Shandong, Hubei, Jiangsu, Hebei, Anhui V,
This represents 49.13% of the total production capacity of the company. The supply of cast boards is currently relatively concentrated in the country. As of the first quarter of 2019, the total capacity of the country ' s cast boards was approximately 4,311 million square metres, of which the company produced nearly 2.7 billion square metres and the market held nearly 60%. The vast majority of regional markets in the country, accounting for 77% of the country ' s total capacity, posed a threat to the company ' s position. Other are small and medium-sized domestic enterprises, with idle capacity and backwardness.
In contrast to the market view, we believe that the rental market climate in the writing building is the most important indicator of the need for the cardboard: the current view of the market owner is that the need for the cardboard is mainly related to the completion of the real estate project. We believe that the cardboard demand is relatively influenced by the property cycle.
Small. According to our grass-roots research, only 30-40% of China ' s plaster plates are currently used for the renovation of homes, while the rest are used mainly for the construction of new public homes, which account for less than 10%, and 50-60% for the renovation of buildings; and 80% for the installation of ceilings in China, and only 20% for the separation wall. The traditional completion of the property reflects only 30-40% of the regular housing cycle.
The gypsum is used mainly for building renovations and ceilings, and the most important requirement is for office renovations. Because of the higher frequency of office renovations, shorter renovations and less product durability, lightly and cheap gypsums are the best materials for writing ceilings and walls. From this perspective, the market view of the rental of the writing building or the lease volume of the writing building is the response to the cardboard requirements.
Figure 24. The three main needs of the gypsum board are down, and the main needs of the gypsum have been down in recent years: according to the report of the five major property consulting firms, there has been a decline in the rental market in the second-line city of the country since 2018, with a small wave of peaks after 2018.
This is mainly due to the increased downward pressure on the economy, which has brought a wave of rent demand from a large number of businesses in the second-line cities, which has recently come to an end. And commercial property and residential improvements, with more reference to the completion and sale of commodity houses, both of which are not optimistic this year, have also led to a decline in demand for commercial property and home improvements.
The cost of the face paper is high, and the expected cost is higher. The face paper is the main component of the cost of the cast board: the data from the reference company since the end of 2017, the main cost of the cast board is concentrated on the face paper, which is close to 50%, and the cost of the single face paper is about $1.8. The cost of the cast is second, 16%; other costs such as fuel, labour, etc.
Compared to the relatively low, it has been reduced to a relatively low level by the company’s size of production. Reference is made to the other a-share paper taping paper industry, which has a Māori rate of 19 per cent for face paper products, and raw materials, which account for 64.3 per cent of sales prices, i.e. waste paper, which actually accounts for 31 per cent of the cost of the gypsum, and waste paper, which accounts for 0.56 dollars in the single sheet of gypsum, which is a relatively high proportion.
Chart 25. Paper protection accounts for the bulk of the cost structure of the cast sheet Chart 26. Waste paper raw materials are the main component of the cost of paper protection. Waste paper prices are rising in the short term and falling in the long term: based on the above analysis, we believe that current paper production is stable and declining; but
There is a real possibility of reducing import quotas to zero in 2020-2021, leading to a gap in raw materials, and leading to higher prices for scrap paper. As a result, we believe that scrap paper prices are rising in the short term, but as paper demand stabilizes over the long term, the domestic recycling rate increases, some of the output is spilling over, supply and demand gaps are being bridged, and prices are falling.
So far, the prices of scrap paper have been moving up, and firm costs have not recovered markedly. Cost increases will further crowd out the space for small and medium-sized enterprises, allowing companies to expand their market share: more recently, companies have proposed medium- and long-term plans for 5 billion flat capacity, of which at least 1 billion can be added in the country.
Cost increases, as well as backward capacity constraints and phasing out, and small and medium-sized enterprises' survival space are further squeezed. The latter’s capacity is gradually emptying up the room for companies to add new capacity.
The gypsum plates are less durable and are currently less permeable in the country: they currently have relatively low penetration rates in the country, mainly from public clothes and ceilings, and the need for housing and partitions is significantly lower than in the foreign countries. The domestic loading market has a greater demand for waterproofing than the higher bathrooms, kitchens, etc.
The main reason for the low penetration rate in the domestic market is that the structure has been based on Qin Brick Khanwa, and that there is no change in the perception of the population; the second is that there is currently a certain amount of error in the application of the gypsum. There is a higher rate of relocation of residents abroad, with lower demand for the durability of the gypsums and higher penetration relative to the country.
The steel structure is gradually moving forward or contributing to improved osmosis: national policy is to encourage the development of assembly buildings, which have a clear advantage over prefabricated concrete structures and steel structures in terms of their resilience to shocks. The steel structure itself is easier to install, and its structure is based on the bones of dragons.
The wall, when installed together, can create a stronger “college structure” that is more favourable to earthquake resistance. So we think that with the spread of steel structures, architecture and even steel-structured dwellings, the ointment penetration of the market at home is likely to increase.
Japan’s per capita consumption reached 4-5 flat, with a gradual increase in concentration: reference is made to data from Japan’s plasterboard industry, where residential housing has fallen slightly after 5.41 flat year, and has remained stable at 4-5 flat level. As Japan’s cardboard industry’s demand has stabilized, there has also been a marked increase in the industry’s concentration, with a gradual reduction in the number of mainstream market enterprises to nine, with single-line production stable at 30 million flat level.
There is a high degree of convergence between the need for the cast board sector and the construction sector data, and the industry is entering a low-speed development: another feature of the Japanese cardboard industry is that its sales data are better compatible with construction data because of its higher prevalence and the stable use of gypsum in single-square buildings at 6-7 square levels, and Japanese cardboard industry sales and construction data are better aligned.
The ointment industry has reached a low pace of growth, with no significant growth in domestic income for the seven-year period 2010-2016, with relatively large profit fluctuations, and no significant improvement in performance. The United States has a higher per capita use, and has experienced an increase in industry concentration: the United States also has a higher build-up rate and residential wood structure.
The ratio is also relatively high, and therefore the average per capita use of cast boards is higher in the United States than in Japan. The average annual per capita consumption can reach 12 square metres during peak periods, with 13 major businesses in the industry in the year, leaving only 7 major firms in 2016. The demand for cast plates in the United States has declined as a result of the shift of the Guiboro focus of operations abroad at the peak of time.
Both together account for more than 80% of the increase. China’s cardboard market is expected to slow down, with industry concentration being the main trend in the future: comparing the Japanese and American markets, we believe that China is expected to increase the penetration rate of future assembly-style buildings represented by steel structures, but the concrete framework structure remains the main structure.
As a result, it is difficult to replace other products, such as aluminium buttons, as a major barrier or top-up material; and, since the main use of the national gypsum is the rental of office buildings, the need for the gypsum is largely less relevant to the real estate cycle. Assuming a capacity utilization rate of 80%, we expect a national gypsum production of about 3.5 billion flats in 2018, with an average annual consumption of about 2.5 flats per capita, taking into account the current industry output breakdown.
In the end of the 1970s, the Japanese market began to be concentrated at an accelerated rate. We don't think that China's per capita gypsum consumption could reach Japan's 4-5 level, so we think that the gypsum industry is likely to grow at a slower rate, and that industry concentration continues to rise at the domestic level, at the domestic level, at the international level, at the medium- and long-term; and we think that the absolute advantage of backward production capacity phase-out and company costs will be.
They are expected to have 3.84 billion flats in the future, with significant cost advantages, stronger bargaining power, and rapid expansion. 1. Corporate advantages: significant cost advantages in size, better bargaining power in layout.
Raw materials have an unshakeable advantage, and casts and facepapers have a clear advantage: cast boards are standard, low unit prices, and cost controls are the most effective strategy for raising the Māori rate. As industry leaders, the cost is the company’s most obvious advantage.
With low unit prices and relatively high transport costs, the company ' s layout balances raw materials with major consumer sites, reducing transport costs; looting off-sulphur resources and lowering the cost of raw materials. Companies are expected to save 24 per cent of their counterparts ' costs in relation to gypsum plates.
In the post-partum production of Thai and paper, companies will save 9.2 per cent on paper protection compared to their counterparts, except for raw materials, where companies are fully effective in terms of the size of the company in terms of coal consumption, electricity consumption, and even the wages of the personnel: the company controls costs at every link. Since the company's entry into the cardboard industry, the consumption of single power has dropped from 0.49 degrees to 0.40 degrees and the consumption of single coal.
From 2.14 kg to 0.57 kg. On the basis of these indicators, single-square cardboard materials and fuel costs are 0.73 yuan lower than those of other companies, and the Māori ratio is higher than that of their peers by $6/pá. Since 2012, there has been a marked decline in the production and transport costs of unilateral sales of corporate products, from 0.10 to 0.08 and 0.08 to 0.06, respectively.
Sales workers’ wages, production workers’ wages, the company’s wages have increased significantly, and companies have increased their size by controlling personnel and costs, resulting in lower single consumption and higher employee benefits. The branding has been improved to effectively fill the market space for higher market ownership: in 2018, the company opened a new dream board, positioning low- and medium-end.
The market, where sales are lower than those of the original Dragon and Tarzan gypsum. The company currently has three brands: Dragon card, Tarzan, Dream card, which locates low-end high-school markets, different products that effectively match the needs of different client groups, and further boosts market ownership.
At present, the subsidiary Tarzan has over 40 branches in 23 provinces and cities with marketing management, more than 200 sales offices, many years of cultivation, a largely well-developed company marketing system, and expanded subsequent production capacity. Companies are essentially based on cost-adding, subregional pricing, and because of their absolute cost advantages and market share.
The company’s pricing ensures a balance between its own profits and preventing competitors from competing for prices. As the gypsum penetration rate increases in the renovations, the company will move forward with the sale of the skeletons and gypsums, further realizing the value of the channels already in place.
In the near future, the company has issued medium- and long-term plans, and plans are under way to complete a 3 billion flat sheet energy plan, with 1 billion of them on the domestic market, and 1 billion of them on the foreign market. On the basis of our analysis above, we believe that China will have China.
The cardboard market will remain stable at about 5 billion square metres, with companies achieving 4 billion flat capacity, with 80% of the market. With domestic capacity at more than 4.3 billion square metres, companies producing more than 2.7 billion square metres, and the market outside the company, with 1.6 billion flat capacity, of which 330 million are foreign-owned and relatively competitive. The company’s future target of 4 billion flat capacity means that it needs to crowd out part of the market.
The share of the partner is either phased out through capacity acquisition, or acquired through self-build capacity to achieve medium- and long-term planning goals.
A joint venture has been set up to raise the capital of An Qi Mangja, Ping City, and to buy a full share in the city. The company has a combined annual production capacity of 190 million square metres, and its marketing channels have irradiated the entire country. The company has created a new dream board to further improve the company’s cardboard product line.
Acquisition of Sichuan sheep for water protection: In the near future, the company is going to spend $346.5 million to acquire 70% of the Sichuan sheep for water protection, which was held by Xiaobin and Gao Wei together. After a joint reorganization, the company held 70% of the sheep for water protection and 30% of the former shareholders.
Billion dollars, after cement and tiles in the construction materials industry. Compared to the less than $20 billion in the gypsum industry, the next firm's gypsum business is expected to reach a maximum of $15 to 20 billion. The water-proof sector market, with more than $200 billion in space, highly dispersed markets, is now in a period of strategic opportunity to accelerate concentration, march into the water-proof industry, corporate operations.
Financed the establishment of Tanzania’s joint venture abroad: in 2017, the company and Sunshinegrouplimied jointly set up a cast board production business in Tanzania, with an up-to-date energy plan of 18 million square metres. The company plans to move forward with the internationalization package in the context of the country’s “one-way” initiative.
The “one-way” coastal developing countries are the main strategy for future corporate overseas development: according to the company’s medium- and long-term plan, it is planned to reach 5 billion m2 in 10 years, of which 1 billion m2 will be produced overseas. As a result, the gypsum is a standard product with low value added and low unit prices.
In developed overseas countries, the gypsum industry is growing at a slower pace, with a high concentration of industries, a more mature industry, and companies entering developed-country markets with no significant advantage. In combination with the national “one-way” initiative, developing countries are taking a dominant position abroad.
A priori advantage; and, with overseas aid projects, creating a certain synergy for companies to sell overseas products. 3. Price controls are strong, paper protection influences the company's Māori, sales go along with production, and unilateral profit indicators are more important: company capacity utilization is stable at around 80% per year, and production and sales are stable.
One-sided profits are the key variable affecting company profits, where the cost of protecting paper accounts for the company’s costs, and therefore the price of protecting paper has the greatest impact on the company’s profits. The cost of covering paper is the company’s main cost, and the company’s single-sided Maori is highly correlated with the price of protecting paper: the cost of protecting paper is always a company’s product.
In addition to the cost of face protection paper, the cost of the company ' s unilateral manufacture has also declined considerably. The cost of single face protection paper has increased by more than 60% since 2017 than in 2015. The company has a high market share, better quality of products, relatively better control over the end price, and can be transferred entirely to the cost pressure of the face protection paper increase, and the plaster sheet has been priced.
The price of the paper has recently fallen slightly, and the price of the company’s cast board has declined steadily, by less than the price of the paper. From 2012 to 2018, the company’s unilateral profits are clearly directly related to the price of the paper.
1. Water-proofing: The market is small and the concentration of the industry is accelerating. The acquisition of Sichuan sheep is a formal advance in water-proofing: in the near future, the company is planning to spend $346.5 million to acquire 70% of the Sichuan sheep-proofing stock held by Xiaobin and Gao Wei together. After a joint reorganization, the company holds 70% of the stock in sheep-protected water and 30% of the original shareholder.
The waterproofing industry is closely linked to the petroleum-based chemical materials, and downstream demand is closely related to the construction industry: waterproofing materials are mainly built on the surface of the building to protect against leakage and play an important role in increasing the useful life of the building. Waterproofing materials are mainly divided into waterproof rolls and waterproofing materials.
Waterproof paints are divided into modified asphalt and high molecular systems; waterproof paints are divided into watery coatings and solvent-type coatings. Waterproof materials, the main raw materials, include a range of petrochemical materials such as asphalt, polyester bases, sbs modified agents, and their price is more correlated with crude oil prices. Waterproofing enterprises have no bargaining power and raw materials are largely marketed. Downstream demand comes mainly from the construction industry, including real estate and infrastructure.
When we combine capital investment (excluding electricity) and real estate investment (excluding land), it can be observed that the construction sector is experiencing an increase in related investment at a very high rate in the water-proof sector. The general water-proofing enterprise channels are divided into direct sales and distribution, with direct sales mainly related to large estates and priority items, with a higher share of income; distribution is mainly used to match general renovations and small and medium-sized enterprises, with branding being the dominant.
While the share of construction works is not high, it has a critical impact on the building’s useful life, so downstream is relatively less price-sensitive, but in general water-proofing enterprises are more vulnerable downstream, especially government and real-estate firms. There is large space in the industry, but the market is highly competitive, with small and medium-sized enterprises at low entry thresholds: the total production of water-proof materials is currently expected to reach 2 billion.
The total value of production exceeds $200 billion, which is a breakdown of the construction materials industry after cement and tiles. In 2018, 784 enterprises of more than one size received $11,437 million, with a total profit of $7,949 million. Small firms in large industries, with low entry thresholds, were the main feature of the water-proof industry. The industry had a 9.7 per cent share in the Eastern Rainbow market; and four giants, Chasun, Deseng and Karen had only 12.5 per cent of the total market share.
Small-scale enterprises produce sub-standard and counterfeit products that disrupt markets, even in the form of cheap currency expulsions, where competition is intense, and where there is no room for market integration. Figure 46. Water-resistant lifting and environmental policies since 2016
With the combination of multiple factors, the water sector has moved towards rapid integration and increased concentration of industries: current property sector policies have become tighter and the financial segmentation has accelerated the concentration of the real estate sector; the proportion of home-loaded houses has increased the concentration of domestic construction materials; property policy has become tighter, imposing stricter conditions on upstream suppliers of materials. Three factors have been magnified with regard to the financing, quality, quality, quality, etc. of water-protected enterprises.
And the tightening of environmental regulations and the increased demand for product quality have raised the costs of counterfeiting SMEs, raising industry thresholds, and accelerating the clean-up of production capacity. With multiple conditions, the water sector will fast-track integration, with a number of companies expected to generate more than 10 billion dollars in revenue in the future.
Sichuan sheep: Southwest Dragonhead, channel co-opportunities, promising a great deal of co-performance, Northwest Radiation, Southwest Second Line Dragon: Sichuan sheep protection is a south-west waterproof tap, south-west zone, north-west radiation market, and is being developed gradually to China East, China Central, and South China.
The company was founded in 1997 and began in 2005 with the rapid development of sheep protection, which led to the creation of the Southwest Five Provincial Office and the successful South Creek Landfill Project, which entered the capital market. Since 2008, the company’s base in Chongzhou has been operational, the company’s infrastructure project has expanded further, and it began to enter the military-mounted waterproof market in 2013.
Since 2016, the company has begun to develop 2b channels in collaboration with the world's producers. The foundation of the five bases in Chongzhou, Kyawyama, Xianyang, Xiyang, Xijiang, Shandong and the completion of the infrastructure, real estate, and home distribution system are now in place, and there is a great potential for growth in the structure of the five bases in Sichuan: the sheep in Sichuan are located in Chongzhou, Yingshan, Xianyang, Kojiang.
According to Karen's shares, the unit price of asphalted rolls averaged $13.7, the unit price of high molecular rolls was $30.8, and the unit price of waterproof paint was $10.5.
One billion dollars, 10 times more than Karen’s share. This clearly exceeds the current size of sheep’s business, with no second company in the entire industry except for the Orient Rainy Rainbow. By reference to the average market rate in the water-proof industry and the purchase price of sheep’s equity, we believe that the Sichuan sheep harvest will be about 300 to 400 million yuan, with a city share of no more than 0.2%, which is far from the current size of the company’s productive capacity, with great potential for growth in the future.
There are significant advantages in the North ' s new material pipeline, and the synergies are expected to be sufficiently magnified: we believe that the Sichuan sheep are relatively ahead in capacity-building, but may not have significant advantages in the construction of the channel or in branding operations, and they fail to reach the required level in terms of volume or price, resulting in a large difference between the size of the harvest and the size of the production capacity. North ' s new material has a nationwide layout, and its advantages are clear, with a national background.
With this in mind, the capacity of the priority capital projects to carry on is enhanced. With the completion of future acquisitions, the synergies of the channels have been sufficiently expanded, and the company ' s waterproof operations have been V. Financial analysis and valuation measurement. 1. Financial analysis: good control of accounts receivable and high-quality performance growth.
Performance has remained steady and faster in the long term: the company has continued to grow at a steady and faster pace since its formal entry into the castboard industry in 2005, with an average additional capacity of 120 million flats per year. Performance slowed in 2015 as a result of the construction industry ' s slowdown, with price hikes affecting the company ' s cardboard product ' s performance at a rate of more than 100%.
Nearly 60 per cent of the future gypsum operations are expected to stabilize gradually. Figure 49. Low corporate liabilities, outstanding receivables control capacity. Receivables remain stable and first-round capacity investments have peaked: corporate receivables have remained stable since 2005 and receivables are outstanding.
The liquidity of the company is distributed throughout the country, the capacity invested in it is huge, and it is an asset-intensive model, but the liquidity ratio is at the middle level of the industry due to lower capital expenditure per cardboard unit. The current peak in corporate capacity investment has led to a gradual decline in the debt ratio and to a steady release of performance. The depreciation of capital expenditure has increased, suggesting that the company has moved into another.
In the future, corporate performance will continue to be released, with higher levels of profitability: significant financial data on new North building materials and other construction pipelines, the main advantages of the Division will be low indebtedness, sufficient cash, and high turnover of receivables. This indicates better control over the company’s sales period and market control.
Much of the gypsum portfolio has been completed, and future performance will continue to be released and the quality of profits will be high. 2. Profit predictions: the gypsum has performed well, water protection is expected to be another growth pole in the future.
It is expected that the construction target of 3 billion square metres will be completed by 2020 and that production will be expanded in the future at a rate of 200 million square metres per year, both within and outside the country. The total sales volume will continue to grow steadily.
In the future, the company’s gypsum will be on a downward trend, with a small reduction in the unit price for sale, and the gypsum will be able to maintain a high Māori level. In the future, the bone and water protection will continue to grow at a higher rate: the company will gradually reduce its construction operations and the bone and water protection will become the focus of the company’s operations.
Vertical comparisons, static market rates are highly synchronized with market expectations: going back to the company’s stock history, we find that there is a high degree of synchronization between the company’s static market rate and the market’s expected growth in the company’s performance over the next three years. Without considering the impact of United States litigation on corporate profits, the market expects the average increase in corporate profits over the next three years to be around 11.5%, by reference to the previous firm’s static market rate and the expected increase in market performance.
In contrast, the company’s current dynamic market rate is slightly higher than the average market rate for comparable companies: the company is now the only listed company in the castboard industry, and the probability of a second listing in the castpad industry in the coming period is very low. We are expected to increase and score through the market.
Indicators such as the red ratio, holding earnings, etc., screen comparable companies in close proximity to the industry. From a horizontal comparison, the rate of a company’s dynamic market gain and the average valuation of a company are closer for most of the time. In horizontal contrast, the company’s current valuation level is slightly higher than the average market of a comparable company. There is no substitute for the gypsum advantage, and the company’s share will continue to rise in the future, providing stable and high-quality performance growth for the company: the company as a rock.
With higher upstream costs and higher industry standards, the industry will lag behind, production capacity will be phased out, medium- and long-term corporate ownership is expected to reach 75-80%, and the cardboard industry will grow steadily.
Water and dragon bones are expected to be another important growth point in the company’s performance: the bone as a gypsum-backed product, and the company will gradually move forward with the distribution ratio, promoting a higher rate of growth in the skeletal portfolio. The company will acquire the sheep from Sichuan and march into the waterproofing industry; waterproof operations will be expected to work through a combination of channels and become another important growth point in the company’s performance, thanks to the consolidation of the industry.
Low debt ratios, low receivables, weak periodicity are the value of investments that companies distinguish from other building blocks: corporate financial indicators are robust, performance in indicators such as accounts receivable and asset turnover is significantly better than that of building materials peers, debt ratios are lower than that of peers, and cardboard needs are relatively less synchronized with property cycles. Companies are rare low liabilities in building blocks, while cash flows perform better.
In the future, companies will continue to grow steadily and faster, and will remain the target of more investment value in building blocks. The market climate has declined, and the sales of gypsums have declined: while the company’s capacity is now gradually improving, the rental of office buildings has declined, and it is expected that the plan will have an impact on the need for gypsum.
The ointment rate in the home has not increased: Chinese houses are traditionally based on the Qin Brick Hanwa, and it is difficult for the short term to replace the fabric or mix it into the main structure, thus making it difficult for the market to grow significantly over the long term. 3. Waterproofing operations are not as coordinated as expected: the company's acquisition of Sichuan sheep is still in progress and there is uncertainty about the future.
There is some uncertainty about the amount of water-proof materials released, mainly through distribution. US litigation is still closed: the company’s United States litigation settlement is now largely concluded, but a follow-up process is in place.
Statement of income and expenditure (millions of yuan)