CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
LONGi – A (601012 CH)
BUY (Initiation)
The world's largest mono-Si manufacturer
Target Price
RMB28.00
Up/Downside
+24.9%
Current Price
RMB22.41
SUMMARY. LONGi is the world's largest manufacturer of PV monocrystalline
silicon wafer, cells and module. The Company received well recognition from A-
share market, and has the largest market capitalization among global peers.
China Solar Sector
Based on close examination on market trend, product supplies and demand, we
believe LONGi will further enhance its leading market position and become a
Robin Xiao
solar giant in the solar farm grid-parity era.
■ Mono-Si demand is picking up with grid-parity trend. As non-module costs
for PV farm development is more significant in recent years, downstream PV
Stock Data
development calls for a suitable technology to offer higher. We believe mono-
Si cell is currently the best available technology to answer the call, with
efficiency up to 26.7%. Market data from CPIA and ITRPV confirmed the trend
favors mono-Si products, as mono-Si module had gained market share to 40-
45% in 2018.
Shareholding Structure
Tight supply for high-efficiency mono wafer. We believe mono wafer
supply will likely be tight in 2019-20E, as market demand focus shifts to PERC
cells technology. We estimate mono-Si wafer demand to reach
69GW/88GW/109GW in 2019-21E, with PERC capacity reaching 100GW. We
expect PECR cells capacity will outpace mono-wafer supply, and that will lead
Share Performance
to tight supply in 2019-20E. As such, we expect leading mono-Si wafer
suppliers to maintain full production and sales in 2019-21E.
Second mover advantages and expanding at a good timing. We believe
LONGi is a rising star comparing with industry peers. Supported by 1)
declining upstream Poly-Si costs 2) stable product ASP outlook, 3) low costs
Source: Bloomberg
CAPEX for future expansion, we expect LONGi to enjoy good returns from
12-mth Price Performance
capacity growth with relatively stable ASP and GPM, and that will increase
LONGi's earnings visibility.
■ Initiate BUY with TP of RMB28.0. We expect LONGi to deliver EPS CAGR
of 20.7% in 2019-21E, with EPS of RMB1.22/1.42/1.78 respectively. Given
LONGi's leading product costs structure and sound financial supports for
future capacity expansion, we believe LONGi deserves a valuation premium
over peers' average of 17.9x FY19E PER. We adopt 23.0x FY19E for
LONGi'S valuation with a TP of RMB28.0. Initiate coverage on LONGi with
Source: Bloomberg
BUY recommendation.
Auditor: RSM China
Earnings Summary
Contents
Focus Charts
Source: CPIA, CMBIS estimates
Source: IRENA, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
The world's largest monocrystalline product manufacturer
LONGi Green Energy Technology Co., Ltd. (LONGi, 601012 CH) is the world's largest
manufacturer of PV monocrystalline silicon wafer, cells and module. Founded in 2000,
LONGi has more than 19 years' experience focusing on P-type monocrystalline PV
products. Through years of development, LONGi had built up technology edge in producing
low costs mono wafer and high-efficiency mono-modules, and successfully expanded
mono-wafer and mono-module production capacity to 28GW and 8.8GW, respectively, by
end-2018, seizing more than 40% mono-wafer market shares in the world. LONGi received
well recognition since listing on Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2012. The Company now has
a market capitalization of more than RMB80bn, ranking the top market capitalization
company among global PV peers.
Business coverage from monocrystalline rod to downstream solar
farm
LONGi's mono-manufacturing business cover mono-rod, wafer, cells as well as high-
efficiency mono-modules. The Company also extended its business towards downstream,
namely ground-mounted and distributed solar farm development, EPC services, and PV
farm solutions. Mono-wafer and module manufacturing and sales are LONGi's core
business, as both products sales total accounted for 87.4% of LONGi's total revenue in
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data,
Expansion roadmap & well located production facilities
Headquarters set in Xi'an, Shaanxi Province, LONGi started early business focus on silicon
based semiconductor materials, then transformed to PV mono-wafer manufacturing
through establishing subsidiary Ningxia LONGi in 2006. LONGi made several
breakthroughs in its expansion roadmap, including 1) located mono-rod and wafer
production facilities in low electricity costs areas; 2) established strategic long-term
partnership with crystal growth furnace manufacturers; and 3) first in the industry to
introduce diamond wire saw in mono-wafer cutting to increase wafer cutting efficiency
significantly in 2014.
LONGi's production capacity was then expanding rapidly to major areas in Xi'an, Ningxia,
Yunnan, Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Anhui in China and Kuching in Malaysia with specific
production layout design and sales purposes. Xi'an base is the headquarters focuses on
wafer cutting, PV cells and module manufacturing; Ningxia and Yunnan production bases
mainly focus on mono-rod and wafer manufacturing for utilizing low electricity costs;
Jiangsu, Anhui and Zhejiang production bases specialize in mono-module production for
utilizing convenient seaborne shipping; and Kuching, Malaysia was designed for avoiding
potential trade dispute for the overseas market. By end-2018, LONGi had established
28GW wafer, 4GW cells and 8.8GW mono module capacity. According to LONGi's 3-Year
Development for 2019-21E, the Company targets to expand 1) mono-wafer capacity to
36/50/65GW respectively; 2) mono-cells capacity to 10/15/20GW respectively; and 3)
mono-module capacity to 16/25/30GW to enhance its leading mono product manufacturing
position.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Mono-Si demand is picking up with grid-parity trend
PV non-module costs is becoming more significant in recent years
The trend was established under the background of rapid costs reduction from market
competition as well as series technological improvements. Multi-Si and mono-Si module
prices had declined with a pace of 28.2% and 27.6% respectively per year from 2015 to
2018. According NREL's publication of US Solar PV System Costs in 1Q18, PV module
costs accounted for less than 50% and less than 30% utility-scale and commercial
distributed PV system in the US. The significant change urged PV industry to explore
means to further reduce overall system costs, and the answer of the key is efficiency. PV
development calls for a suitable technology to offer higher photovoltaic transmission rate
while maintaining costs-efficiency.
Source: NREL
Mono-Si cell is currently the best available technology to answer the
call
According to Fraunhofer ISE's research, mono-Si cell and module offer the highest lab
efficiency at 26.7% and 24.4% respectively, comparing with multi-Si, CIGS and CdTe thin
film, and Perovskite technologies. For the past decade, market had put multi-Si module
and mono-Si module as close pair for comparison. According to IHS Markit, mono-Si
module had maintained 1-1.5ppt efficiency rate leading ahead of multi-Si module, while we
observed mono-Si products had achieved faster cost reduction pace from technology
breakthrough in the past five years, which kicked off a trend for high-efficiency mono-Si
product to replace traditional multi-Si module.
As non-module costs become increasingly vital, the economic value of higher module
efficiency is obvious. Higher PV module efficiency represents higher power concentration
in a unit size of solar panel, and that helps solar farm investors save considerable costs
from balance-of-system (BOS), land or rooftop acquisition and lands, labor installation
costs, as well as some other overhead costs. According to our understanding, we believe
the higher non-module costs for a solar farm, the higher possibility that project owner will
select a mono-Si panel and more willing to pay for a premium for those extra power offered
by the high-efficiency products. According to PSE GmbH, mono-Si module had reversed
its shrinking trend since 2015, and exhibited significant market shares gaining thereafter.
CPIA and ITRPV's estimates also suggest mono-Si module had a market penetration rate
of 40-45% in 2018, and mono-Si's market share will expand further in 2019-21E to 53-55%.
Source: ITRPV, CMBIS
Competition landscape
Solar wafer sales is currently operating in an oligopoly market structure after years of
market competition and consolidation. There are three key market players, namely LONGi,
Zhonghuan Semiconductor (ZHS, 002129), and GCL Poly (3800 HK, HOLD), and several
integrated solar module manufacturers such as Jinko (JKS US) and Canadian Solar (CSIQ
US) with their own wafer supply. LONGi and ZHS are key participants dominating duopoly
mono-Si wafer market, while GCL Poly focuses on multi-Si wafer manufacturing. We
estimate LONGi, ZHS, GCL Poly will have effective wafer output of 31.6GW, 25GW and
25GW respectively, and the other integrated module manufacturer will produce ~30GW
wafer output to fulfill internal module orders. As we expect global PV installation demand
will reach ~115GW in 2019, we believe solar wafer demand is largely fulfilled by those key
wafer manufacturers and integrated module, leaving considerable oversupply from those
traditional independent wafer manufacturers.
Tight supply for high-efficiency mono wafer
We are not particularly worried about the oversupply of solar wafer, however, as we believe
mono wafer supply will likely be tight in 2019-20E, especially when we shift demand focus
on PERC cells production capacity. PERC stands for Passivated Emitter and Rear Contact.
It is currently the costs effective high-efficiency PV cell technology, and has been adopted
in large scale since late 2017. According to our channel check, PERC production line
requires CAPEX at ~RMB300mn per GW. Given considerable pricing premium for mono-
Si products over multi-Si products, we expect PERC cells manufacturers to have
preference in selecting mono-wafer for their brand new PERC cells investment, and that
will boost mono-Si wafer demand.
In 2019-21E, we forecast global PV installation will reach 115/133/153GW, representing a
demand CAGR of 13.7% from 2018-21E. Based on the assumption of ~10% pipeline PV
module inventories as well as mono-Si wafer penetration rate of 55%/60%/65% in 2019-
21E, we estimate mono-Si wafer demand to reach 69GW/88GW/109GW in 2019-21E,
respectively, representing a 2018-21E CAGR of 34.3%. In the PERC cells manufacturing
end, however, PERC capacity had reached ~60GW by 2018, and market expects the figure
will likely to reach above 100GW by end-2019, significantly higher than our mono-Si wafer
demand projection. We expect PECR cells capacity outpace mono-Si output growth will
also boost mono-Si wafer demand and lead to tight supply in 2019-20E, and undersupply
may be ease as upstream output is to be released in 2021E. Therefore, we expect leading
mono-Si wafer suppliers to maintain full production and sales in 2019-21E.
Source: IRENA, CMBIS estimates
Source: NEA, CMBIS estimates
Investment highlights
Costs leadership ensures superior profitability
We believe LONGi's continuous focus on costs leadership is a key leading to the
Company's superior profitability and long-term success. We summarize four key aspects
of LONGi's costs control measures, including:
1) locating mono-Si rod production facilities in low electricity costs areas: LONGi
was one of first movers to set up mono-Si rod and wafer production in Ningxia and
Yunnan to utilize low electricity costs in those areas;
2) forming strategic partnership with major production equipment suppliers to
lower capacity expansion costs as well as unit product depreciation;
continuous R&D investment brought successful technology breakthrough, which
led diamond wire saw wafer cutting revolution in 2015, and laid a solid foundation for
mono-Si products' expansion; and
making long-term capacity expansion plan to increase economic of scales:
LONGi started formulating its rolling 3-year capacity expansion plan since 2018 and
we expect LONGi's ambitious capacity expansion target will help the Company
enhance it costs leadership through economic of scales, as well as setting higher entry
barriers for any new entrants to the industry.
Backed by successful costs improvement measures, we observed two significant costs
reduction phase from LONGi's mono-Si wafer non-silicon costs movement. The first phase
was in 2014-2016 when LONGi introduced DWS cutting for mono-Si wafer which
substantially increased wafer production efficiency. We estimate non-silicon production
costs were reduced by 38.9% from RMB3.15/piece in 2014 to RMB1.92/piece in 2016. We
expect the second phase accelerating costs reduction is still ongoing from 2017 to 2021E,
as LONGi announced to make aggressive capacity expansion. The economies of scale for
capacity expansion has started to appear, as we estimate LONGi's non-silicon wafer
manufacturing cost in 2018 declined by 31.2% YoY to RMB1.16/piece, and we expect the
non-silicon costs will continues to fall to RMB1.01/0.96/0.94 per piece wafer in 2019-21E
respectively.
Costs leadership had helped LONGi obtain superior profitability. According to peers
benchmark with ZHS and GCL Poly, LONGi had significantly higher gross profit margin,
even during demand shock caused by NEA's "5.31" policy brake. Given rapid declining
Poly-Si price in 2019, we expect LONGi's mono-Si wafer gross profit margin to resume
28.0% in 2019, and decline slightly in 2020-21E due to further wafer ASP decline.
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
LONGi's mono-Si module business was developed through acquisition of Zhejiang Leye
PV Science & Technology Co., Ltd in 2014. Different from mono-Si wafer's costs leadership
strategy, we believe LONGi's module business development focuses on product
photovoltaic transmission efficiency side. Given supports from low costs in-house
manufactured wafer, LONGi Leye module exhibited rapid costs reduction in 2015-17, as
we estimate non-wafer production costs declined by 36.9% from RMB1.76/watt in 2015 to
RMB1.11/watt in 2017. We estimate non-wafer costs to have slight increase in 2018 as
LONGi adopts more mono-Si PERC cells for high-efficiency modules. As market is in favor
of high-efficiency solar modules with considerable pricing premium, however, we believe
the slight increase in non-wafer costs was justified. LONGi's mono-Si module sales also
exhibited superior profitability, as the Company's module sales recorded higher than peers'
gross profit margins during the past few years. Looking forward, we expect LONGi's solar
module gross profit margin to relatively be stable.
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Second mover advantages and expanding at good timing
LONGi is a rising star comparing with industry peers. Given rapid technical iteration
characteristic of PV module development, we believe second mover will be in a better
position to select more competitive technologies and invest with a substantially lower costs.
LONGi's CAPEX cycle started in 2015 and accelerated from 2017. As a second mover of
the solar industry bring in revolutionary DWS wafer cutting technology, we believe LONGi
has substantially less borrowings and historical investment burden, allowing the Company
to seize a favorable position at time entering into solar farm grid-parity era. Moreover,
rapidly developing PERC cells technology further expands market demand for LONGi's
mono-Si wafer, since mono-Si and PERC cell combo offer significant efficiency
improvement, which we see vital to further reduce solar farm investment costs.
In the upstream material end, Poly-Si is the most important raw material for LONGi's mono-
Si rod and wafer production. LONGi's Poly-Si sourcing used to rely on import with relatively
high pricing fluctuation due to trade dispute. Thanks to domestic Poly-Si manufacturers'
aggressive expansion aiming at import substitution, Poly-Si price exhibited significant
decline during the past two years, and LONGi also secured its Poly-Si supply through
signing long-term procurement contracts with leading Poly-Si suppliers. As we expect there
will be massive new Poly-Si capacity to release in 2019-20E, we believe Poly-Si price will
likely to decline and stay low with reasonable GPM at 20-30%, representing pricing at a
range of RMB70-80/kg for mono grade Poly-Si. As such, we expect LONGi will have stable
upstream material costs structure in 2019-21E.
In the mono-Si product sales perspective, as we believe current solar farm development is
getting very close to mass grid-parity in majority areas in the world, we expect solar module
price will tend to stabilize. We do expect solar module ASP to decline further in the future,
but we don't expect product pricing to have significant shuffle as past few years. As such,
we believe LONGi will be able to enjoy good returns from capacity growth with relatively
stable ASP and GPM, and that will increase LONGi's earnings visibility.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Sound financials and strong financing capability
LONGi listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2012. The Company received well market
recognition in China through its technological focus on mono-Si products, excellent costs
control, as well as prudent financial management. Management maintained low gearing as
major financial management strategy, and mainly used equity financing as funding source
to support LONGi's massive CAPEX plan. As such, LONGi is able to maintain its low
indebtedness level leading ahead of solar peers. Listing in the A-share market, LONGi is
able to reach continuous equity financing as A-Stock investors are willing to pay for long-
term future. Therefore, standing at the gate of grid-parity era, we believe LONGi has
stronger financing capability comparing with peers listed in Hong Kong and US capital
market.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Remark: * CMBIS estimates based on wafer production and shipment measure by piece multiply by 5.2w/piece.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Remark: * CB's conversion price is based on adjusted conversion price announced by LONGi on Apr 30, 2019.
Financials
We forecast revenue CAGR of 43.4% in 2019-21E
LONGi's sales growth was impressive in 2013-18 with a revenue CAGR of 57.3%. On the
back of mono-Si wafer and module sales volume growth driven by strong market demand
and capacity expansion, the Company recorded revenue growth of 64.6% in 1Q19. Given
high solar module order visibility from overseas market, we expect LONGi's strong sales
growth trend to continue in 2Q and 3Q19. Based on NEA's recent development rules for
solar farm projects in 2019, we expect solar module demand in China to concentrate in
2H19, and we expect that will likely support LONGi's wafer and module sales as well as
product ASP.
We forecast LONGi's revenue to increase by 35.6%/48.0%/38.9% YoY in 2019E-21E,
respectively, mainly driven by 66.4% module sales CAGR and 11.1% wafer revenue CAGR
during the period. We expect mono-module's revenue contribution will increase as new
capacity release output, and module sales mix will change from 59.5% in 2018 to
51.7%/63.7%/69.7% in 2019E-21E. Mono-wafer's revenue contribution will boost up in
2019E due to faster capacity expansion pace than mono-module. We estimate mono-wafer
sales revenue contribution mix to increase from 27.8% in 2018 to 38.7% in 2019E, then
decline to 28.2%/23.2% in 2020-21E.
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Resilient gross profit gross profit margin
LONGi's overall gross profit margin follow a similar track as the Company achieved
technology breakthrough with DWS wafer cutting and gaining economies of scale through
capacity expansion. Gross profit margin increased from 12.3% in 2013 to multi-year high
at 32.3% in 2017, then suffered a sharp decline to 22.2% in 2018 due to Chinese
Government's "5.31" policy brake, which caused solar price to tumble in 2H18. Looking
forward, based on 1) stable upstream Poly-Si price outlook, 2) wafer and module ASP
decline in a mild pace, and 3) LONGi's continuous costs reduction measures, we forecast
LONGi's mono-module gross profit margin to be resilient at 22.2%/21.2%/21.1% in 2019-
21E respectively, while mono-wafer gross profit margin to rebound to 28.0% in 2019E, then
decline gradually to 26.0%/23.0% in 2020E/21E. We expect gross margin decline to be
driven by ASP decline slightly faster than production cost reduction. We expect LONGi's
overall gross profit margin to also stay resilient at 24.9%/22.8%/21.5% in 2019-21E.
respectively.
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Expenses rate to stay stable at ~10%
LONGi's major operating expenses include 1) business taxes and surcharges, 2) selling
expenses, 3) administrative expenses, 4) R&D expenses and 5) impairment losses. The
and 2018 when LONGi recognized substantially high inventory impairment loss due to
product price tumble. Looking forward, as LONGi's wafer and module sales is scaling up,
we expect LONGi will have increasing inventory impairment exposures. However, as we
expect solar product ASP will tend to be stable in the future together with management's
inventory management, we expect inventory impairment will be in good control. Overall,
we forecast LONGi's operating expenses rate to decline from 12.2% back to its normal
level at 10.3% in 2019, and stay stable at ~10% in 2020/21E.
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
2019-21E net profit CARG to reach 25.5%
LONGi's net profit CAGR during 2013-2018 was outstanding among solar manufacturing
peers at a stunning figure of 104.8%. Net profit surged from RMB70.9mn in 2013 to
RMB2,558mn in 2018. LONGi reported 1Q19 net profit of RMB611mn with YoY earnings
growth of 12.5%, slower than revenue growth as 1Q19 had a substantially different market
pricing and gross profit margin structure comparing with 1Q18. However, given 1) stable
material costs and product ASP outlook, 2) resilient gross profit margin projection, and 3)
significant sales volume growth boost by capacity growth and thrilling increasing mono-Si
market demand, we expect LONGi to maintain strong bottom line growth performance. We
forecast net profit to reach RMB4,102/5,164/6,461mn in 2019-21E with earnings growth
YoY of 60.4%/25.9%/25.1%, respectively. Our estimate suggests LONGi's earnings CAGR
in 2019-21E to reach 25.5%.
From EPS growth perspective, though LONGi had significant equity financing during past
few years, the Company still delivered an EPS CAGR of 48.2% in 2013-18. The Company
just raised RMB3.9bn through rights issues in Apr 2019. We estimate LONGi will have a
2019-21E EPS CAGR of 20.7%.
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Healthy balance sheet supports future capacity expansion
LONGi has prudent financial management on balance sheet. The Company has
maintained net cash position for years, and turned net gearing to 0.2% in 2018 as with
massive capacity investments. Management adopts 60% liabilities to assets ratio as the
major controlling measures for indebtedness level, and LONGi adopts equity financing
through rights issue and placement as major funding source for CAPEX. Given LONGi's
low borrowing level, we believe the Company also has plenty room to gear up through debt
financing to support future CAPEX needs, and that may help LONGi to balance the
concerns for EPS dilution and gearing control.
LONGi exhibited an inventory turnover days jump from 59.2 days in 2017 to 71.1 in 2018,
receivable and payable turnover days also experienced a hike in 2018 as the Company
expanded its capacity and sales. Management explained inventory building in 2018 was
mainly due to changing geographic sales structure, since LONGi shifted module sales
focus from domestic market to overseas, and it took longer time for overseas sales with
longer shipping and warehouse storage cycle. We believe LONGi is still in its learning
phase for overseas inventory management, and we project inventory turnover days to
increase further to 78.6 days in 2019E, and then improve to 71.3 and 72.0 days in 2020/21E,
respectively.
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Valuation
Current valuation and historical valuation range
per share. LONGi's valuation is in line with sector average of 18.2x FY19E PER.
Historically, LONGi traded with a 1-year forward PER range between 7.6x and 68.4x during
the pasted five years, with a 5-year average PER of 17.4x. LONGi's valuation was traded
up to +1 standard deviation to 24.8x during Jul 2017 to May 2018 as the Company gained
significant cost advantages and expanding mono-Si market shares. Valuation tumbled after
NEA's "5.31" policy brake in Jun 2018, then resumed quickly as market perceived LONGi's
resilient earnings performance.
Initiate BUY with TP of RMB28.0 per share
We initiate with BUY rating on LONGi with a TP of RMB28.0 per share, based on 23x
2019E PER. Our target multiple is derived based LONGi's historical up cycle as well as
28.5% valuation premium over sector peers average valuation. On the back of solar farm
demand to resume and concentrate in 2H19, we expect mono-Si demand and ASP to be
solid, and that will likely intensify market sentiment towards the solar manufacturing sector.
Moreover, given LONGi's leading product costs structure as well as capability to expand
capacity output to meet grid-parity demand with sound financing supports, we expect
LONGi to further enhance its leading position ahead of peers. As such, we believe LONGi
deserves a valuation premium, and our valuation target is justified.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Major risk factors
Substitutional PV technology breakthrough
LONGi placed PV technology focus on mono-silicon, and made heavy investments in
mono-PERC technology combo across its key product lines from monocrystalline-rod,
wafer, cells and all the way towards high efficient mono-modules. The Company had
established technology leadership through high efficient mono-PV cell over traditional
multicrystalline products. As technology would never stop evolving, however, we believe
LONGi will face risks from substitutional technologies, such as 1) cast-mono wafer, 2)
larger size wafer without chamfer, 3) PV cell focus shift from PERC technology to HIT PV
Cell technologies, and 4) perovskite solar cell. Any technology breakthrough through those
technologies will significantly increase substitutional risks to LONGi's mono-wafer and
module products.
Policy risks in China and overseas markets
We still see policy uncertainty a key market risk in China for LONGi, albeit market demand
in the country was eventually released from a freeze due to "5.31" policy brake. We've
noticed that NEA took unusually long time to finalize PV project development rules in China
for 2019, indicating difficulties to balance needs from different stakeholders. Going forward,
as PV power has now becoming a more significant energy source, we expect NDRC and
NEA China to establish a more sophisticated system to promote and govern renewable
energy applications. We believe the processes will be bumpy, and that will likely bring
uncertainties to LONGi's business in near term.
LONGi has increasing business exposures in the overseas market as the Company
expands its mono-product capacity and shipments. We believe LONGi has mature
experience in handling trade dispute such as setting overseas production facilities in
Malaysia to avoid additional tariff. However, given LONGi's increasing overseas sales
exposure with major production facilities in China, we believe LONGi could still suffer from
potential trade dispute in short term.
Exchange rate risk
LONGi turned product sales focus to overseas market after "5.31" policy brake. According
to management, overseas market sales accounted for more than 70% of total revenue in
4M19, and overseas sales were mainly settled with US$. RMB appreciation would be
unfavorable to LONGi's profit margin as major production costs are settled in RMB.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives.
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from
that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a
result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should
independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to
make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security
or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers
or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information
contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness.
CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice.
CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption,
point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent
with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself
and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business
relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect
the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only
and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written
consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy
of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser
as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute
reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of
the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or
an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents
of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising
from, or in connection with the report.