The first half of the year was a year of sustained growth, a year of high-speed light engine construction, and a year of early success in research and development.
Incidents: On August 23, the Tianfu Communication published its semi-annual report for 2021, and in the first half of 2021 the total operating income was 490 million yuan, an increase of 24.71 per cent in the same year; the net profit on return to the mother was 138 million yuan, an increase of 9.15 per cent in the same year. Of this amount, 2021q2 achieved operating income of 246 million yuan, an increase in the same year.
4.33 per cent; net return to mother ' s profit of $68 million, a decrease of 15.17 per cent in the same year; net return to mother ' s profit of 246 million yuan, a decrease of 4.33 per cent, and net return to mother ' s profit of 68 million yuan, a decrease of 15.17 per cent, and net loss to non-mother ' s profit of 58 million yuan, a decrease of 23.55 per cent in the same year.
Low downstream demand on the one hand, and a decline in corporate Māori rates on the other, with a small second-quarter performance, but in the second half of the year, with accelerated capital spending by the North American cloud traders at the end of the country, the data centre demand for light modules will continue to improve; and the bidding process for the operator base station at the second half of the telecommunications end is well under way throughout the year.
The base building will be concentrated in two quarters of q3 and q4 and will fully boost the demand for the telecommunications light module. We believe that the o2 short-term pressure will not change the firm’s upward trend in its long-term performance, which is expected to recover as demand improves in the second half of the year.
▪ Focus on optical device products, and cross-cutting applied research breakthroughs: the company focuses on light device platform products, invests in the development of new products for the next generation, and in the first half of the year, the company, Jiangxi Tianfu, successfully completed the relocation and was officially put into use to build a globally competitive light device production base.
The company relies on the existing mature optical instrument development platform in the light communication industry to extend the application of optical device products from the light communication industry to laser radar and medical detection, and has now provided new products for multiple customers in the field of laser radar and medical detection, including basic element-based products and components.
Integrating packaged equipment products has brought new business growth points for companies.  Reliance on research and development innovation, and research and development on high-speed light engine construction projects is beginning to show: In the first half of 2021, Tianfu invested 53 million yuan in communications research and development, an increase of 42.29% over the same period, with a cost of 10.77% for research and development.
The Division's high-speed light-for-five-g and data-centre projects, with equity fund-raising from specific target audiences, showed an early start in research and development, with a gradual shift to bulk production of 400-g and 800g light.
Driving long-term development. 2021-04-25. Modular photolithic package products achieve R & D samples and volume production. 2, Wirtschaftsprüfer Communication (300294); year-round
High Performance Growth Equity Incentive Scheme, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been in possession of the Portfolio Investment Advisory Board