Resource and Environmental Research Centre (SRRC) has been operating smoothly throughout the quarter, with multi-project configurations leading to development, company fundamentals (RMB)
On 29 April, the company issued a quarterly report, which achieved operating income of $8,115 million, an increase of 62.2 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of $2,429 million for the mother, an increase of 54.13 per cent over the same period.
The ring ratio rose by about 48 per cent, while the dmc project, which was launched last year, and the end-of-life of the end-of-the-season project were all operational throughout the quarter, influenced by factors such as spring season, with a certain drop in sales of acetic acid, organochlorine, etc., except for fertilizer, but the price of raw materials was lower than the coal ring, thus making the company ' s main product profitable.
Space is high, with a Maori rate of about 39% in a quarter, the ring ratio has been raised by about 13 points, and the company’s products are still running at a high capacity at this stage, and sales are expected to increase over the quarter. The Texas base continues to optimize costs and develop projects to improve the layout chain of existing production lines.
1. Continuous Performance Release, New Projects Steady Progress - Texas Base, Ministry of Washington, D.C., on the one hand, continues to optimize and fine-tune existing production lines, alternative capacity building is high 2. Four-quarter performance steadily improves and companies are competitive
(b) Replacement of old and old installations with high-capacity coal-fired boilers, continued improvement of existing production costs, further optimization and improvement of production projects to continuously improve the competitiveness of products;
20221253. " New material development is successful, the project is expected to accelerate, the company continues to extend the development of new materials, building on existing products, and in the planning of the launch of the Hualuheung upgrade " ,
The high-end solvent project, the nylon 66 high-end new materials project, which, on the one hand, can further smooth multi-product co-production processes and spread phased profit pressures from some products, while at the same time in the traditional product 4. Stock Incentive Scheme, which highlights the company's sustainability
On the basis of the layout, it will extend to new energy sources, new materials, and remove the restrictions on the development of traditional products. According to the company's estimates, the post-natalization of two projects will bring $7.9 billion to the company.
The Qingzhou base project has accelerated, and the new green energy materials project has continued. The Qingzhou base project is still on its way, with the overall project building being based on company-based products, while the public is still moving ahead.
Building on the construction of the first phase of the project, the Division further expanded the new green energy materials project, the layout of the nmp, bdo installations and products such as pbat, acetic anhydride, building on the first phase of the project, the extension of the product and the extension of the industrial chain to areas such as new energy materials, degradable plastics, etc., on an ongoing basis.
Rich companies have a wealth of product types and industrial chain foundations at their county bases. chenyi3@gjzq.com.cn maintains a good profit-making position throughout the quarter, with a relatively strong overall profit-making capacity and a continuing presence
The risk of significant price fluctuations in raw materials and products at Yang Wingyiying@gjzq.com.cn; the project is not progressing as expected.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment