WalluHingl (600426.sh) comes out of nowhere. 01 has a high level of innovation, and new material layout guarantees long-term development.
The net profit of the mother is 2,429 million yuan, yoy + 54.13 per cent, close to the forecast ceiling, and meets expectations. At the same time, the company announced several new projects, first, investment in capacity replacements such as construction of 1,014 million yuan, 3 x 480t/h high-efficiency coal-fired boiler projects. Second, investment of 3,078 million yen to build the high end of nylon 66
New material projects, including two nylon 66 units with 40,000 tonnes/year production; one production-based adipic acid device with 200,000 tonnes/year production: one production-scale 42,000 tonnes/year Xydamine. Third, investment in 1031 million yuan in high-end solvent projects, including two carbonate dimethyl esters with 300,000 tonnes/year production
The company, as a coal-processing industry with significant cost and energy efficiency advantages, is planning new projects on an ongoing basis.
In the field of new military materials, to protect the company from long-term development, to see the growth of the company, to maintain the “buy-in” of major products at a higher price, and to re-innovate in a single season: the company ' s performance has increased, mainly as a result of the comparable increase in the prices of major public-sector products, the company ' s main product has remained high, urea has maintained a high profile.
/dmf/hexadiate/cetic acid/methanol/octol/ethanol 22-year q1 prices respectively completed, and products contributed to the company’s profits, such as TRPs, vineamide and accessories. Raw materials drag on Māori rates and cost control effects are evident: Māori rates fall by 1.23 pct on a year-on-year basis.
A total of 39.04%, mainly from raw materials such as coal, benzene and acetylene, has increased their prices, which have cost the company grossly. At present, foreign gas and crude oil prices have continued to rise as a result of the international situation, while domestic controls on coal prices are strong, power prices are stable, and companies produce coal.
In addition, corporate cost control has had a significant effect, with three rates falling by 0.28 pct to 1.26% on a year-on-year basis. With a large new material plate, future performance growth is guaranteed: companies have increased their efforts in recent years.
Following up on the construction project, 200,000 tonnes of nylon 6 projects are expected to be produced in the second half of 22 years: 120,000 tonnes/year pbat degradable plastics and 1,795 tonnes of bdo and 50,000 tonnes of nmp items, expected to be in operation in 2023.
The high-end solvent project is expected to be completed in 24 years q1 and the nylon 66 project is expected to be completed in 24 years. Profit forecasting: given the continuing landscape of company-owned products, we have revised the profit forecast, projected to be significant, profitable, and maintain a buy-in rating.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.