On April 30, the company published a quarterly report, which generated operating income of $8,115 million in the first quarter of 2022.
This is a 62.20% increase; a net profit of 2,429 million yuan is an increase of 54.13% in the same year; and a flat-rate increase in the first quarter of the year, with a fast-growing performance. The company’s performance in the first quarter of the year grew at a rapid rate, mainly as a result of the company’s leading product price growth; and, at the same time, the carbonate dimethyl ester production enhancement series.
In terms of profitability, the company ' s Māori rate for the first quarter was 39.04%, a decrease of 1.23 percentage points from the previous year, and April ' s prices for some of its products were still better than in the same period last year. As of April 27, urea prices were the same as in April.
The company plans to invest $1,031 million in high-end solvent projects, which will produce 600,000 tons of carbonate (of which 300,000 tons) annually after delivery.
The project is expected to generate business income of up to 45.45 tons per year. The project is expected to produce up to 80,000 tons per year of nylon 66 products, 200,000 tons per year (of which 148,000 tons are sold) and 135,000 tons per year of binary acid products.
Investment proposals: In the context of the recent Russian-Ukrainian conflict, international oil prices have remained high, while domestic supply stability has led to relatively stable coal prices and cost-effective coal industries. At the same time, companies have accelerated the deployment of new materials to facilitate the sustainable development of companies, with guaranteed future performance growth.
Coal Chemical flagships with cost, environmental technological advantages and potential for expansion are expected to be subject to supply-side changes in the chemical industry that benefit from the "doubt carbon" target. Due to well-controlled company-time rates, and the expectation that prices for some of the company's products will remain high, while firms accelerate progress.
Competition in industry increases the risk: macroeconomic pressure leads to lower than expected downstream demand: projects in progress release less than expected risk; and force majeure events, such as natural and man-made disasters, occur. The rating system's “market index” reference point is 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.