Financial resilience highlights the strong competitiveness of the business: the construction bank grew by 1% in the first quarter of 2023, profit by 0.3% in the same quarter, and income and profit by positive growth. The split shows that net interest income fell by 4.1% in the same year, and non-interest income increased in the same year.
18.7%. First, as compared to other major businesses, the construction of the bank showed a smaller drop in interest differentials in the fourth quarter of last year, and more pressure on interest differentials, reflecting the fact that absolute interest differentials were still the best in the first quarter of this year. Second, the high fees remained positive, with other non-interest-related interest increases of 209.0% in the first quarter and positive growth in non-interest contributions.
Financial resilience highlights the strong competitiveness of operations. Three, continued high growth in size, with loans in the first quarter growing by 15.1 per cent and 14.1 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous quarter.
Income earnings are rising, and profitability continues to be a leader in the big business - building banks grew 0.26 per cent in the first quarter of the year as compared to net return profits in the previous quarter, and Roae stood at 12.86 per cent as compared to the same period last year, when profitability was still at the top of the four major banks.
▪ The pressure of the 1-quarter interest differential is evident, and the net difference is still the best, with the combined effect of steady growth concessional policies, heavy pricing and the periodicization of deposits, resulting in a 4.1 per cent decrease in the single-season interest income of the construction bank for the first quarter, a 1.83 per cent increase for the first quarter.
A reduction of 32bp. Measuring a drop of 10bp in the quarterly round ratio compared to other major lines, the construction of the bank in the last 4th quarter showed a smaller drop in interest differentials, the pressure of interest differentials reflected more strongly in the first quarter of this year, and the net difference remains the best.
Corporate fees increased by 2.6% in the first quarter of the year, less than agricultural firms in four major lines, and the average three-month average of company fees/camps (millions of yuan) highlighted the firm’s strong business competitiveness. Other non-interest-related investments grew by 209% in the same year, and no-interest revenue was collected.