31 March 2023: on 29 March, the construction bank issued a 2022 report. $82,247 million was collected in 22 years.
Credit costs go down, profit increases up. 22 years of revenue, net return profits and the rate of increase, respectively, \triangleright 1.5 pct, fully supporting growth in the size of credit in the real economy, but with a narrow interest-rate margin.
There's a drag. Depending on the volatility of the capital market during the year, the median and other non-interest rates are down by the same time. But assets are of good quality, expansion is robust, and the economy is robust. On scale, total assets, total loans, deposits are absorbed for 22 years.
+1.8 pct. Credits are invested in active entities, and new loans are invested mainly in capital, bulk zero, manufacturing, etc.
In the area of housing rental, company-type rental loans at the end of 22 years are on par with other loans.
+81.5%; Establishment of the Trusted Housing Tenancy Fund in October 2222 to raise RMB 30 billion to explore improvements in the housing rental financial services system. Also, through enhanced client services in the area of housing finance, it has led to a steady increase in the income from housing conversion over 22 years.
Two hundred and thirty-three thousand households, with a balance of $2.35 trillion in inclusive financial loans, +25.5%.
2. The construction bank (601939.sh) reported in mid-2022 that it had invested 23.3 billion yuan in 22 years in financial technology, accounting for 2.83 per cent of its revenues.
The rate of concern decreased from 22h1 by 11bp to 2.52%, and asset quality control was effective. Specifically, the difference in public interest rates was stable, the quality improved, and the “new finance” was positive - 2 be 7bp, +11bp. The coverage rate was 2.4 pct less than 22q3 and the provision of better provisions for safe water was maintained.
Good asset quality, better performance supported by lower credit costs; steady expansion in size and positive support The real economy, with a strong emphasis on the role of the industry; deep push for housing rental, inclusive finance, financial science and technology “three strategies”, a sound business strategy; “one-two-curve convergence”, a new financial build-up that is expected to bring business excellence to the company
The daily round-up rate corresponds to 0.5 times 23 years pb and maintains the “recommended” rating. \triangleright Figure 1: Construction bank performance at the same rate as in 2022 (cumulative)
Figure 2: Construction bank net interest income up to 2022, growth in median and year-on-year ratios (cumulative) Figure 3: Construction bank other non-interest income up to 2022, increase on year-on-year basis (cumulative) Figure 5: Construction bank total liabilities up to 2022, absorption of total deposits on year-on-year increase
Figure 6: Construction bank ' s net interest margin up to 2022 and split at two ends (disclosure value) Figure 7: Construction bank ' s housing finance lease loans up to 2022 (millions) and the same rate of increase Figure 8: Construction bank ' s inclusive financial loans up to 2022 (billions) and the same rate of increase
Figure 11: Level of bank provision up to 2022 Summary of data projections of corporate financial statements Methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.