“380 million Subsidy + Model Purchase” drives growth, and Shen Flying is valued.
The company, as the only platform for fighter jets to be listed, will benefit from a long-term upgrading of the total number of fighter jets and the need for stock upgrades. The average valuation level of the city company, taking into account the company’s long-term benefits for the upgrading of aircraft of all types and their continued robust performance, as well as equity incentives, which effectively boost corporate business management initiatives, is covered for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating.
• The increase in the total number of fighter jets and the demand for stock upgrades provide a vast market space. In terms of total numbers, we have fewer than 60 per cent of the United States fighter planes; in structural terms, our fighter planes are dominated by second-generation/third-generation aircraft (46 per cent of the second-generation), while the United States has all three-generation/four-generation aircraft (89 per cent of the third-generation).
Nineteen clearly stated the goal: “To make the People's Army the world's best army by mid-century, our military fleet will be raised, our stock will be upgraded, and the market space will be vast.
The company has greater potential in production (dry 16, desurgery 15) and in the priority market of research (drill 31), i.e., to become the main type of multi-purpose fighter aircraft with an expected total of more than 200 new and replacement requirements; ii) the sole carrier type for active service, with total cargo requirements of 4 to 6 carriers in the country over the next 20 years.
200-300; 3) Dynamite-31 is expected to be a new generation of stealth carriers, and foreign trade orders are expected. The reform of the military pricing mechanism continues, and profitability is expected to improve significantly.
In the long term, the company will benefit from a military pricing reform, with a robust performance up against the internationally comparable net interest rate of the company, the strike mechanism, the front-runner plant, the core of the military-industrial assets in its entirety, and the company becoming the only platform for fighter jets to market.
The former Shandong Black Panthers Co. Ltd. (Systems) has released all of its assets and liabilities, except for the 66.61% shareholding of the AAT, into 100% shareholding of the airline industry Shen Fei Group, and has brought the core military-industrial assets to the market as a whole, and is known as the “first share of the Chinese warplane”, which has so far been the only platform for a fighter fighter to be listed.
Then, the Shen Fei Group became China's only wholly-owned subsidiary, responsible for the conduct and operation of all its business, while the listed company did not engage in specific business and became a holding company. Shen Fei Group was founded in 1951 as one of China's aviation industries, and was known as the “China Strikers”
Cradle.” After more than 60 years of development, the Shen Fei Group has developed and produced more than 40 models of thousands of strikers and equipped its troops, filled a range of defence gaps, accumulated extensive experience in the field of air defence equipment and the manufacture of civil aviation products, with a complete and mature system of research and development, production and marketing, and in technology, technology and technology.
The Shen Fei Group is leading the country. The Shen Fei Group’s current core, with its production models: Dynamite-11, Dynamite-15, Dynamite-16, Dynamite-31, completed its first flight in 2012 and is currently in the research and development phase, is expected to become a new generation of ship-borne invisibility warfare, and figure 1: Shen Fei Group has a long history of developing major air defence equipment.
China People's Liberation Chinese National Plant 112 State Company for Pine Mall Machinery
Shenyang's plane, Shenyang's airliner, Shen Shen Shen, China
China Air Industries Shen, Aviation Industries Shen, Yang Aircraft Industries
The Yangtze Industries, the Yangtze Industries, the Fifth Plant of the Department of Operations.
Ministry of Military and Air Engineering (Group)
Factories 5 Farming Air Products Manufacturing, with a focus on aviation defense equipment. The main battalion in China and China is made of aviation products, with a very high share of income from the main battalion, which has been rising since 2017, receiving revenue from the main battalion in the first half of 2019.
The amount of revenue earned is 99.20%. This is largely determined by the company’s particular business model.
Main battalion operations consist of both air defence equipment and civil aviation products, the core of which is the development and manufacture of air defence equipment, and, in terms of revenue structure, the revenue from aviation products accounts for more than 99 per cent of the main battalion’s revenue, which reached 99.28 per cent in 2018.
Figure 2: Income from major business as a percentage of operating income has continued to rise. Figure 3: Revenue from aviation products as a percentage of income from major business in 2018 was over 99%.
Steady growth, with a compound growth rate of 9.03 per cent in 2015-2018; positive growth in net return earnings, 2015-2018 data for the previous period. In the first three quarters of 2019, companies achieved revenue of 15.890 billion yuan, an increase of 37.1 per cent in the same year, as a result of an increase in balanced production strategies and sales, and a net return of 620 million yuan, a significant increase of 98.4 per cent in the same period.
Limited to cost plus pricing mechanisms, the company’s Māori rate and the low level of net interest rates. Since 2018, the average level has been just 0.07%; quarterly financial cost rates are low, indicating less financial cost spending.
According to the announcement, from 1 October 2019 to the date of the announcement, the fully-owned subsidiary Shen Fei Group has accumulated approximately $380 million in government grants of all types, all of which are revenue-related.
Our total number of active fighters is insufficient, intergenerationally backward, and the need for expansion and upgrading provides vast market space. According to WorldairForce 2019, the United States/China/Russia had 2826/1624/1591 combat aircraft in 2018, and China was the second largest in the world, but the total was less than 60% of the United States.
Our fighter jets are dominated by second-generation/third-generation aircraft (46% of second-generation aircraft), while the United States has all three-generation/four-generation aircraft (89% of third-generation aircraft), so we are clearly behind the United States in the sub-generation. There is both a demand for an overall increase in the number of fighters and a need for an upgrade of the stock-type aircraft. In the future, our stock of second-generation fighters will be gradually upgraded.
Upgrading to three-to-four generations, multi-purpose and carrier-mounted aircraft will be the most visible areas of breakdown. Dynamite-16 is expected to become the main type of multi-purpose fighter aircraft. Taz-16 is based on the shape of Su-30mk, and it is completed in Shenyang in the year.
It's one of the core equipment for building an offensive and ready-to-air force. Compared to the less defensive power of the blasting seven, the dynasty 16 is equipped with advanced super-engine engines to ensure that, after mounting an air-to-ship missile, there is still an air war of self-defence; compared to the Su-30mkkk, the dang 16 is equipped with a new generation of pre-red-vision systems and automatic electro-scanning.
Array radars, which allow accurate detection and identification of targets in and out of distant areas, and multi-target operations. As a new type of heavy long-range multi-purpose fighter aircraft with both air-efficiency and opposite (ground-to-ground, antiship) tasks, it is expected to become the main type of multi-purpose fighter aircraft. According to Worldairforce 2019,
In addition, in view of the world trend towards the accelerated growth of multi-purpose fighters in the future, we believe that the total number of heavy multi-purpose fighters in China has also increased, and that the total demand is expected to reach the total demand of the multi-purpose fighter jets.
200-300. Dynamite-15 is the only aircraft on active duty. Dazil-15 is based on the external design of the Su-33 prototype and Dynamite-11b weapons system, which was first tested in August 2009 and first tested in Liaoning in November 2012.
The naval survey and take-off tests carried out on board the ship mark the entry into the carrier age of the Chinese navy. We need to build four to six carrier formations, each equipped with 50 scavengers and 15 carriers, and we need 200 to 300 aircraft for the carrier.
The new model is being modified from its motivation to enable it to function as a ship carrier. As our carrier fleets accelerate, the construction of the aircraft will accelerate.
Shiploading needs will be even more pressing, and if D-31 is well under way, D-31 is expected to board the carrier's deck as a new generation. Given the high value and excellent combination of D-31, which is also the world's top-ranked advanced fighter jets, it is expected that a significant number of foreign trade orders will be obtained.
It is hoped that the country will benefit fully by accelerating its efforts to modernize its national defence, the delivery of air defence equipment and the development of new equipment, and the development of a striker. The demand for air defence equipment stems from the need for national security, with industry development centred on national strategic needs, defence construction, and strategic security, and national strategies and defence policies are determined by industry development.
XIX. The report states that “to adapt to the new military revolution's development trends and national security needs, to ensure that by 2020 it will be essentially mechanized, that by 2035 it will be basically modernized for defence and the army, and that by mid-century it will be made a world-class army,” and stresses that “the army is prepared to fight, and everything must be done”.
We must adhere to combat standards and focus on the ability to fight and win.” Driven by defence strategies and policies, the delivery of air defence equipment products and the development of new equipment are expected to reach a new peak, and the company is expected to operate quickly as the manufacturer of air defence equipment for the design, processing and production of a single unit, a unit, for the design, processing and production of the entire unit and spare parts.
The evolution of the system can be broadly divided into five phases: priceless supply, real cost plus, planned cost plus, and multiple stages.
The pricing of military goods was based mainly on the 1996 National Planning Commission, the Ministry of Finance, the General Staff and the National Defence Science and Technology Commission, which jointly developed and issued the Measures for the Management of Military Prices. In September 2013, the Integrated General Equipment Planning Department published the Equipment Purchase Log and implemented cost monitoring in the development of the equipment, which resulted in bulk orders based on “military pricing (p)”
In March 2019, the Ministry of Finance of the Aviation Industry Programme organized a training course in Chengdu on equipment price operations for 2019, which was interpreted by military experts on new equipment pricing rules and their implementing rules, and policies and regulations relating to equipment purchase price review. In our view, 2019
Since the reform of the military pricing mechanism continued to warm, the measures are expected to accelerate down. The company, as a full-time fighter aircraft manufacturer, is subject to a 5% plus-pricing mechanism with low product profitability, with a net profit rate of 3.7% in 2018 and 3.9% in the first three quarters of 2019, respectively.
In the case of international target enterprises, the net profit rate of the entire company is expected to be long-term if the military price-fixing mechanism is reformed. Figure 8: Average annual net interest rate of the international target enterprise is relatively higher. 1) The country ' s defence spending has increased steadily, with a gradual increase in the share of expenditure on the purchase of weapons and equipment.
The company continues to benefit from the growth in the procurement of defence equipment as a full warplane plant; (2) we will accelerate the upgrading of the second generation to three/four generations to meet the demand of the air/ navy for advanced aircraft; given the company's pioneering business as a strike mechanism, we are expected to benefit from the strikers over the next three years.
Accelerating loading, stock-type replacement and carrier-carrying requirements are expected to maintain a growth rate of about 20 per cent in aviation product operations: 3) The company has been focusing on aviation defence equipment operations, assuming that aviation products account for the main battalion ' s operating income ratio
Examples, as well as the ratio of income from major business operations to operating income, which was almost the same as in 2018, are that the share of revenue from aviation products operations to operating income is about 98.49 per cent; 4) the reform of the pricing mechanism for military goods is steadily moving forward to raise the level of corporate profitability;
The company, as the only platform for fighter jets to be listed, will benefit from a long-term upgrading of fighter fleets and stock upgrading needs. Ping, taking into account the company’s long-term benefits for aircraft of all types, which have been upgraded and continue to perform robustly, and for which equity incentives have been effective in promoting corporate business management incentives, has been covered for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating.
Combat aircraft orders were not obtained as fast as expected, and research and development for new types of aircraft was not as advanced as expected.