The philipcapital Shanghai Airport (60009ch) still needs to wait and observe the cost recovery in the short term.
China Air Support Hong Kong.
In the first three quarters of 2024, the Shanghai airport had a real operating income of $9.19 billion (the same as in the yuan), a 16 per cent increase in the same year; the target price was rmb 37.85 (+14.35 per cent).
The increase in revenue was mainly due to the increase in aviation revenues of companies, which benefited from the continuous recovery of the data, but the increase was partly offset by the reduction of non-avigational income by tax-free points, and (3) the low-base effect of the outbreak last quarter.
General stockholders (millions): Income recovered to 112 per cent of the same period in 2019, and there was still a larger gap in the return to the pre-epidemiological market value (millions of dollars):
In the first three quarters, the company’s air cargo market resumed rapidly and continues to grow strongly. For the benefit of the rapid rehabilitation of the international airline market, the aircraft at Pudong Airport landed/passenger throughput/mail throughput.
Shanghai Airport (Group) Ltd. Hong Kong Central Bank Accounting Ltd., +27.1%/+48.8%/+11%, respectively, with a three-way recovery to the same period before the outbreak in 2019
The Rainbow Bridge airport has been growing rapidly over the high base last year, with aircraft landing/passenger throughput/mail throughput by the same ratio +3.2 per cent/+14.5 per cent/+22.3 per cent.
The proportion of non-avigational income is significantly reduced by 34.7 per cent and 6.5 per cent.
In the third quarter of 2024, the company ' s operating revenues and its parent company ' s clean profits were recorded at $3.27 billion/387 million, or +2.5 per cent/+6.2 per cent, and recovered to 113.6 per cent/29.9 per cent in the same period prior to the 2019 outbreak. In the third quarter, aircraft from Pudong Airport and Rainbow Bridge Airport were flown/passenger throughput/mail throughput in the same proportion.
+8.0/+18.7/+6.8 is much higher than the increase in business income, mainly due to the high tax-exempt income from non-aviation businesses source: companyreports, philipsecuitiesest.49.62%. The decline in tax-exempt contract income is mainly due to the revision of the tax-exempt agreement at the end of 2023, based on the airport.
The tax-exempt industry is now operating and has adjusted the calculation of the monthly reserve sales and the percentage increase in sales, which is 42.5%. The new agreement has reduced the percentage of sales to 18-36%. In addition, tax-exempt revenues are split between $347 billion and $301 million in the first and second quarters, and the current downward trend in the season has been largely eliminated.
In the third quarter, the Māori sales rate was 22.44 per cent, compared to +0.7 ppts, mainly due to the stability of the overall operating costs, which increased by 1.55 per cent on a year-on-year basis, less than the rate of income growth (+2.36 per cent) and much less than the rate of growth in business, lower adjustment, impact on airport tax-free channels, and low consumption power.
In the third quarter, the company recorded investment earnings of $210 million, or +28 per cent, and the major sector share-holding companies increased their performance by the same year.
On October 30, the company issued a bulletin on housing compensation, which will be collected in the form of currency for 689 million dollars.
In the 2024 winter and spring season, the number of domestic passenger flights at the Pudong airport will be equal, while international and Hong Kong and Australian passenger flights will continue to grow, at approximately 5.2%, and 35 interstate passenger destinations are planned to be encrypted.
To L.A., London, Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Cairo, Egypt, etc.. We anticipate that international passenger flows will continue to grow, and that they will increase their performance again through the introduction of air and non-avigational revenues. In the medium term, they will embrace the economic advantages of the long triangle, building on the future of Punton Airport IV.
With the expansion of the project, the company is expected to recover tax-free prices from the growth of international passenger flows, and the valuation is expected to be restored. However, there is still a short-term need to wait and observe the bottom recovery of consumption.
We don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know.
It's not like you're the only one who can't do it, but you're the only one who can do it, and you're the only one who can do it.
In this publicadellnoteproducedwholeorinpart, distraughtorpublished byyouforanypurpose.philipsecuriushallopromotableforanirector consequentyallosossarisalising fromanyuseofmaticcontainmentpublication. the informationcontainmentcontaininthispublicationhasbeenobotainedfrompublicsourserviceswichphilillipsecritieshasnoreassontobeliereunreliableandanyanyysis,
Forecasts, projects, externalsandopinionorwartty, expressorimplied, etc., etc., etc.
There's no other way to do this. There's no other way to do it. There's no way to do it. There's no way to do it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know if I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I don't know, this publicity shouldnotbeletelieduponauthoritative with unfurtherbeing subject totheotherecipiensionandexerciseofjudgment.
Involvementistrissksandmaynetberealinvestors, andthannydecisiontomentorintotranctionsinvolvendsuchproductsshoulldnotemadeunlesall suchrisksareunderstoodaninpendenddetermination hasbeenmadehatsuchtransactionswouldapprietate.anydiscussionofsiscontainherein interspecttootheriscontain
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if you're the only one who's ever been in the business, but I don't know if you're the one who's in the business.
♪ Singapore malaysia japan ♪
philipcapicalmanagesdnbhd philipsecuritiesjapan, ltd phillipsecuritiespted
250thbridgeroad, #06-00rafflescitytower, b-3-6blockblevel3, meganavenueii, 4-2nihonbashikabutocho, Chuo-ku
No.12, jalanyapkwanseng, 50450kualumpur indonesia china
India ptphillipsecuitsindonesia phillipfinancialadvisory (shanghai)co.ltd.
philipcapital (india) privatelemited anztøwerlevel23b, jljendsudirmankav33a, no.1, 18thbroor, urmiestate, 95ganpatraokadammarg,
Jakarta 10220, indonesia
I'm sorry, I didn't tell you, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
king and shaxsonltd. 15thbroor, vorawatbuilding, 849silomroad, 3rdfloor, 35ruedelabienfaisance
6thloor, candlewickhouse, 120 cannonstreet silom, bangrak, bangkok 10500thailand 75008parisfrance
I don't know what you're talking about.
philipcapitalaustralia ashaphillipsecuritieslimitted
"Live10, 330 Collinstreet level4, milleniumhouse, 46/58 navamwatha, the chicagoboardoftradebuilding
Colombo2, Srilanka chicago, l606004usa hongkong
phillipsecurities(hk)ltd 11/fedcentre95queenswayhongkong