The photovoltage monocrystal remains strong, the semiconductor plus the new sapphire process takes the eye, the photovoltage industry comes spring, and the monocrystal locomotives stand out: 42gwhh in China in the third quarter of 2017, exceeding their growth.
The company’s optical equipment contract order has grown by over 3 billion, or 317% over the same period, indicating the company’s current strong position. The company’s technological capability is leading, with a large number of countries with significant specializations, comparable to the level of international enterprises, and the company’s production of single-crystals has a powerful technology.
The company is currently working with such well-known companies as China Ring, Crystal, Crystal, and Synchronous.
The company has now successfully acquired 300 mm silicon single-body growth equipment, semiconductor level 8 inches and 12 inches of molten silicon single-crystal furnaces, which are home-grown and at international level and are now public.
Subconductor operations are dominated by eight inches of equipment. Downstream customers are stable, including around Europe and leading companies. In October 2017, the City of Crystal and Tinless City, the Central Ring, signed an agreement for the construction of an integrated electric power supply project for the production and manufacture of large silicon tablets on roads, with a total investment of about $3 billion in one phase.
Million. The semiconductor silicon processing market has a greater monopoly on imports, and companies will have greater import replacement space in the future.
The company has developed a fully automated 300-kg sapphire furnace that can be applied to led with a 4-inch crystal bar effective at about 3400 mm. The sapphire material business income of $35.66 million in the first half of 2017 is currently in the production phase and this business income will be realized in the future with the completion of the first and second phases of the project.
There's going to be an increase, and the Māori rate will increase steadily. The sapphire business downstream is dominated by window materials and car packages, and downstream customers have a longer certification cycle for material supply. The company has entered the crystal, photovoltaic and Sam's supply system, and the future demand for the sapphire business is clear.
Completion, with a planned 25 million mm, is expected to yield a net profit of 200 million yuan. The single crystalline silicon expansion has been determined to guarantee company performance, giving a “recommended” rating: the advantage of the monocrystal industry, expecting fast release of other operations, covering for the first time a “recommended” rating.
A high-tech company focusing on “new materials, new equipment” was created in December 2006 as a strategic development goal, with the aim of “new materials, new equipment” and maintaining the high level of “development of a green, intelligent, high-tech manufacturing industry” as a corporate mission.
New technology firms. Corporate products are used primarily in new and emerging industries with better market prospects, such as solar photovoltaics, integrated circuits, and led.
Single-crystal growth furnaces, multi-crystal silicon casting furnaces, sapphire crystals, single-crystal silicon rollers, single-crystal silicon cutters, single-crystal silicon grinding composite processors, multi-crystal silicon grinders, silicon rod single-line cutters, silicon single-line cutters, silicon-closers, sapproach equipment for the detection of recware, led lamps
Over the past five years, total sales of corporate products have been increasing. In 2016, total corporate operating income amounted to $1,091 million, operating revenue from sapphire materials was $34 million, and optical intelligence equipment was $156 million.
The company ' s total operating income amounted to $809 million a year, an increase of 91.7 per cent in the same year, resulting in a total profit of $147 million, an increase of 79.05 per cent in the same year. The company ' s operating income for crystal growth equipment amounted to $665 million, an increase of 82 per cent, an increase of 234 per cent; its operating income for photovoltaic smart equipment amounted to $32 million, an increase of 4 per cent, a decrease of 67.4 per cent in the same year.
The sales of the company's crystal-growing equipment, especially the single-crystal silicon grower, were better than in the reporting period.
The demand for orders and acceptances has increased substantially, as evidenced by the fact that the crystals engine power is approaching the most equipped and technologically powerful equipment pipeline in the optical chain. The monocrystals are clearly in the pipeline, and the landscape of the optical industry is up.
2.1. The photovoltaic industry is increasingly leading to single-crystal expansion, with a significant increase in single-crystal orders, the size of China ' s photovoltaic aggregate installed capacity reaching 42gwhh in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of more than 60 per cent over the same period, exceeding the total installed capacity of 34.5gwh in last year ' s year, with the photovoltaic industry starting to warm up and the distribution of the photovoltaics is growing rapidly.
Moreover, the policy's tilting direction towards distributional preponderance is clear, and the price of subsidized electricity on the Internet does not need to be reduced, it does not need to be documented, and it is a subsidy. Given the current trend of low-cost Internet access, the market space in the photovoltaic industry will be opened, and the future distribution of the photovoltaic industry will be in spring.
In 2017, the silicon industry was largely expanded in the area of single crystal silicone. It is expected to produce 34.5gw at the end of 2017 and 59.5-67.5gw at the end of 2018, further to the current expansion plan.
Proves that single crystal replaces multiple crystals is a trend for the future. The central ring shares have been working more closely with crystals, and future capacity increases for crystals, which in mid-2017 were reported to have a gross operating income of 808 million, of which the Chinese company has achieved crystal growth equipment.
Industry revenues of $664 million, or 82 per cent of the total, show that the company is now primarily collecting single crystals in the field of photovoltaics. Contract orders for annual photovoltaic equipment (including the winning bid not yet signed) amount to $3.08 billion, an increase of 317 per cent over the same period, and a significant increase in single orders, indicating the firm's current strong position in the field of monocrystal equipment.
On 30 days, the company ' s crystal growth equipment and smart equipment totalled $2.74 billion. Of that total, the contract for the shipment was $980 million, the contract for the partial shipment was $1.39 billion, and the contract for the outstanding delivery date was $370 million. The outstanding contract included the uncompleted semiconductor crystal growth and smart processing equipment.
A total of 113 million yuan was spent on successful water cooling suites, continuous feeders, two-power independent control, air-gas cooling, fully automated semi-melting and highly efficient casting of sodium, which enabled the company to “all-automaticize,” silicon crystals.
High-performance, efficient, low-energy consumption” is a leading national and internationally advanced technological advantage. The full-volatile monocrystal series and the jsh800 gas-cooling multi-crystal product have been identified as new national priority products by each of the four ministries.
The development of single-crystal straight-line growth equipment and the development of national production equipment for silicon single-crystal furnaces in the 8-inch zone have led the company's technological development capability, taking over major specializations in a number of countries, and are now effectively converted into economic products as a few third-party equipment providers, at the same level as international enterprises, and at the market price of stoves.
The company will continue to be the leader of the monocrystal furnace in the future, slowing down the development of multi-crystals, extending to downstream equipment in the photovoltaic industry, adapting to the 4.0 upgrade of the national industry, high-end equipment and self-employment.
Three new breakthroughs in the process, with the 3-Power joint semiconductor business taking the lead, 3.1, with a major 8-inch semiconductor silicon, and 12-inch silicon technology, which is now the first of its kind, the company has a certain advantage in semiconductor technology development and in national production applications, and has had an early command of the country's leadership.
The first semiconductor silicon material growth furnace technology, and the development of semiconductor processing equipment in recent years, have been developed with new products of 4-6 inches, 8-12 inches of semiconductors, single crystal silicone rollers, single crystal silicon cut-off machines, etc., and the company continues to develop 8-12 inches of silicon processing equipment now.
The technology of 300 mm silicon single-body growth equipment, semiconductor phase 8 inches, 12 inches of melt silicon single crystal furnace has been successfully mastered, leading the country to international levels. The company semiconductor business is now sold overseas, mainly through certification over 8 years. The company’s downstream customers are stable, including around Europe.
The import monopoly on the silicon processing market is more serious, and companies will have greater import replacement space in the future. 3.2, 3-Power combined to upgrade the company in the semiconductor sector.
This strategic cooperation is being implemented in the context of the country’s strong encouragement and development of the integrated circuit industry. The total investment is about $3 billion, with an initial investment of about $1.5 billion.
This strategic collaboration has allowed companies to seize market opportunities in the semiconductor sector and rely on the company to grow in crystals by taking advantage of market opportunities in the semiconductor sector.
With the advantages of R & D and manufacturing, together with the partners, build an international, advanced, integrated circuit large silicon silicon research and development and production base, achieve mutually beneficial co-benefits for the partners, upgrade the company ' s market leadership in the field of semiconductor critical equipment, and contribute to the development of our integrated circuit industry.
On June 22, 2017, the 300-kg-size super-sized high-volume crystals growing in crystallized electronics from Crystal Gear Corporation were released at the call and Holt. The crystals released their latest autonomy.
The results of the research and development innovation - the 300kg class super-sized high-quality sapphire-based sapphire crystals, which are shaped, transparent, non-fracking, non-crystal, less bubbles, and can be applied to the led 4-inch crystal bar with an effective length of about 3400 mm.
There is much room for improvement. Now that the company is in the production phase, the supply of products is in short supply. With the completion of the first and second phases of the project in the future, there will be a significant increase in the company’s business income, and the company will maintain a high level of R & D investment in the future, and the M & D rate is expected to stabilize at 30 per cent.
Downstream Sapphire operations are dominated by window material and car-backed led, downstream clients have a longer validation cycle for material, and companies have entered the Crystal Photovoltaic and Sanam supply system, between the natural advantages of sapphire in terms of physical hardness, permeability, grinding, resistance to wind erosion, and in recent years, such as mobile panels, mobile phones and others.
The demand for sapphire crystal material from cameras, smart watches, etc. is increasing, and the market share is expected to expand. More than 70% of sapphire production is currently used for the outer liner, while more than 90% of led production is based on the sapphire liner.
The single drop cost of the sapphire crystals is expected to drop by about 20% in the postnatal period, and the sapphire material business is more cost-competitive and gradually gaining a scale advantage. The sapphire business is currently in a state of supply and demand, and future demand is evident.
Figure 9: 300 kg of sapphire leads, expects other operations to release quickly, and for the first time covers a “recommended” rating.
The semiconductor performance was not yet clear and the sapphire business income was not as high as expected.