There's a clear tendency to replace the crystals with light and semiconductor equipment, which are growing strongly in the interior.
By the end of 2016, China had a cumulative installed capacity of 77.42gwh, with a planned 150gwh by 2020, nearly doubling; but according to the latest installed data (as of the end of September, domestic photovoltaic churnals)
The plan is expected to increase significantly, with a total load of about 120gwhh, with distributed light-voltage machines exceeding 25gwh. The distribution of 2017 was over-expected, leading to a strong increase in the country ' s photo-voltage capacity. 42gwh (central 27gwh, distribution) was accumulated in the three quarters of 2017.
15gwh), which has grown by more than 60% over the same year, has exceeded the total number of installed aircraft in the last year (34.5gwh). The continued over-predictability of PVs is due to the postponement of the pilot’s plans for reconnection and distributional photovoltaics, which in the medium term are expected to transform the demand curve from a smooth overall growth to a high growth rate due to price parity access.
Photovoltaic penetration has now been achieved in some regions, and with technological advances and the introduction of competitive Internet access systems in the future, further cost reductions will allow full price parity of end-of-end + end-of-power access to be achieved by 2020-2025, and market space in the photovoltaic industry will be opened further. The domestic silicon giants will announce a single crystal extension scheme, and the permeability of single crystal silicon is expected from the current level.
According to the crystallized silicon capacity of 77gwhh in 2016, the single crystal silicon is currently growing by 6 per cent per year after 26 per cent, we expect that the single crystal silicon equipment industry will grow by 90 per cent, 24 per cent, 23 per cent between 2017 and 2019, and that the total market space for single crystal equipment in 2020 will be around $14 billion. The company ' s announced major operating contract orders since 2017 (including the winning bid that has not yet been signed) have reached over $3 billion, all of them light-voltage equipment orders, mostly from the world ' s leading optical giants, and once again highlight the company ' s leading position in the field of single crystal equipment (1,623 million will be recognized this year and the company ' s revenue is expected to double in 2017).
The Central Ring announcement will build on the existing plan by adding 8.6 gwh single crystal silicon capacity, which is expected to expand beyond expectations. It is expected that after this addition, the central ring's single crystal silicon capacity will increase from the current 8gwh to 23.6 gwh (extension 15.6 gwh), which will be largely at par with the single crystallized capacity of Lungi shares. The demand for single crystallized equipment orders of about 15 gwh (over $6 billion) will significantly increase the company's leader in technology, semiconductor equipment, benefiting from a greater chance of semiconductor nationalization.
In 2014, the State published the National Programme for the Development of the Integrated Circuit Industry. In 2015, a major household integrated circuit fund was established. "China is now investing billions of dollars in the semiconductor industry, which is moving towards a rapid pace of development, and the demand for equipment and materials has increased significantly.
At the end of the material, large-scale silicon is a semiconductor core raw material, Japan, Taiwan, Germany, 2016.
The top five semiconductor silicon mills in China and Korea account for 92% of the world’s capacity, and oligopoly has formed. The country now needs about 450,000 silicon tablets per month, almost entirely import-dependent, and domesticization is imminent.
The company, as the country’s scarce semiconductor-level monocrystal equipment dealer, has customers such as semiconductors, Tianjin Rings, Taiwan Crystals, Kim Rui-chan, among others. In the first half of the year, the company announced that the semiconductor equipment combined had a new contract of more than 85 million (the main customer is crystallized) and that the products included semiconductor monocrysotile, semiconductor single-crysilica rounders, cutters, etc.
We believe that the company's products have been successfully replaced by imports, that they will become the primary option for domestic equipment in the hot tide of a transistor plant on the mainland, and that the future is expected to benefit significantly from the domesticization of semiconductor equipment, opening up a new performance growth level. On October 12th, the city government signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Tsing-Sing, Central Ring, and Tin-Free City.
The project to build integrated circuits for the production and manufacture of large silicon tablets has been launched by Si Yi-heung, with a total investment of US$ 3 billion.
To ease the constraints of semiconductor material supply on the development of the Chinese semiconductor industry. When the project lands, it is expected that the central ring shares will be put in place, with $3 billion in major investments, and it is expected that the choice of equipment for Jing Sheng will continue to increase the company's earnings and profits on semiconductor equipment.
The silicon project contributes to the nationalization of semiconductors, raising the value of companies. 300 kg of sapphire research and development breakthroughs, with a significant reduction in unit costs.
Chrysotile power: Performance meets expectations, with the company announcement of 20 June singled out significant benefits from the price replacement wave in the acquisition of a large-scale sapphire crystals by the holding company.
Positively, a 300-kilogram class of sapphire crystals has been successfully developed using bubble-based techniques that can be applied to led with an effective length of about 3,400 mm, making the company one of the few international hands holding the technology. Compared to 150 kg class of sapphire crystals, 300 kg have been developed this time.
The expected unit cost of the sapphire crystals can be reduced by about 20 per cent, which will significantly upgrade the company, benefiting from the nationalization of semiconductor equipment.
The company’s short-term performance will benefit from the warming of the photovoltaic industry, and in the medium term, price-free Internet-enabled photovoltaic demand.
4. Kryptonite power: Great light voltage orders continue to fall, with the prospect of long-term benefits from the high climate in the semiconductor industry and the national production of semiconductor equipment, and from the heat of light voltage + single crystalline silicon seepage
A technologically advanced state-of-the-art, state-of-the-art, state-of-the-art, state-of-the-art, state-of-the-art, state-of-the-art, state-of-the-art, high-technology enterprise in crystal growth, manufacturing of engineering equipment, and production of sapphire materials.
Single-crystal growth furnaces, multi-crystal silicon casting furnaces, sector-melted silicon monocrystal furnaces, single-crystal silicone grinder, multi-crystal silicone grinder, silicon single-line cutter, silicon single-line cutter, blue pear crystals, sapphire chips, led device detection sorting equipment, led lamps automated production lines, etc.
These products are mainly used in emerging industries with better market prospects, such as solar photovoltaics, integrated circuits, and led. The company’s core business crystal growth equipment has the highest capacity in the domestic high-end markets, and is now a few of our scarce semiconductor-level monocrystal equipment manufacturers.
Figure 1: The core business is crystalline silicon growing equipment, which accounts for 62 per cent of the total revenue in 2016. 1.1. Business income is growing rapidly, with profitability ahead of industry. Companies achieved $1.09 billion of operating income throughout 2016 (+84.4 per cent year-on-year); net repatriation is achieved
According to the sub-operation, the revenues of crystallized silicon growth equipment, photovoltaic intelligence equipment, led intelligence equipment, sapphire materials were 6.8/1.6/0.7/10 million, compared to +69.8 per cent/+421.9 per cent/+7.8 per cent/81.2 per cent respectively.
The downstream photovoltaic industry of growing equipment continued to warm after the 2012 cold industrial winter, the single crystal market share continued to rise, the company crystal growth equipment, especially the single crystal silicon grower, was better sold, and the number of products for orders and acceptances increased substantially: at the same time, the single crystal silicon rod was combined.
New products such as one-worker, transistor cut-off, etc., have been marketed across the board, and diversified optical intelligence equipment has brought new growth points for companies, which, as industry leaders, are profitable with years of technological accumulation and channel advantage.
Both Māori rates and net interest rates have declined in recent years, largely because of the restructuring of the company ' s products. The share of sapphire materials with lower Māori rates has increased in the product structure, but has not yet produced a scale effect that has somewhat reduced the profitability of the company as a whole.
Power. Māori sales rate of 33.77 per cent and net sales rate of 16.64 per cent were reported in mid-2017, with a steady increase in short-term performance over the 1.2 per cent photovoltaic plus semiconductor orders.
880 million dollars) is a photovoltaic order, mostly from the world’s leading photovoltaic giants, such as the Central Ring and Crystal Australia, which once again highlights the company’s leading position in the field of monocrystal equipment. Depending on the timing of the delivery of the photovolt order and the need for three to five months of validation of revenue after receipt by the client, it is estimated that $1.6 billion will be saved.
With regard to semiconductor equipment, based on data disclosed in mid-2017, the company has entered into a new contract of approximately $9.4 million with a subsidiary of Crystal Technologies, so the total number of semiconductor crystals ordered by the company since this year has exceeded RMB 80 million.
1.3. Research and development is strong and contributes to sustainable development. Starting with semiconductor equipment and growing more robust than photovoltaic equipment. The company started with a semiconductor-grade crystal-growing device, which had earlier mastered the equipment for the production of the country’s leading semiconductor silicon material.
Post-cut technology requires a relatively low-level and faster-growing photovoltaic equipment industry, actively moving towards photovoltaics Industrial chain equipment, successfully developing and marketing a new generation of smart processing equipment, such as single crystal bar grinding composite machines, single crystal silicon bar cutters, and layout of high-efficiency photovoltile battery equipment and batteries
R & D of equipment. Led chip detection and production equipment is now in the field through extended M & A. Through semiconductor growth and processing equipment, sapphire crystal growth equipment, crystal growth and the bridging of industrial chains such as chip grinding, led chip detection and production equipment, one piece of equipment has been phased out.
Manufacturers have been transformed into international leading equipment suppliers and high-end crystal material producers based on “new materials, new equipment.” During this period, constant R & D inputs have been the driving force behind companies’ sustainable development.
In 2016, the company invested 77.17 million dollars in R & D, accounting for 7.1% of operating income, and achieved a number of significant results.
Both subjects of the development of national production equipment for the smelting silicon monocrystal furnaces have been accepted and are in the industrialization phase. The company’s new monocrystal furnaces have grown 12 to 18 inches of semiconductor-class monocrystal bars, which are urgently needed equipment to replace imports in our country and have been confirmed by domestic and foreign users (from the company’s public).
The main technological indicators of the new generation of silicon monocrystal furnaces are internationally advanced, breaking the foreign monopoly pattern and beginning to produce. Part of the semiconductor equipment has been sold to Taiwan Bay, indicating that the quality of the product is largely recognized, and the company is now a small minority of the country that can do a large half-size job.
With a deep technological build-up and sustained R & D investment, it will be possible to stay afloat in the area of national production, single-crystal equipment, while expanding new business directions. The company is expected to continue to increase the layout of semiconductor back-processing equipment in the future, and to become efficient.
Photovoltaic battery equipment and assembly equipment. 2. Photovoltaic reheating + monocrystal replacement trend, with significant benefit for equipment taps 2.1. Distributed 2017 loadings are expected to lead to a strong increase in the number of photovoltage machines nationwide
Volume 74.7gwh, 51% increase in the same year, with a cumulative load of 300gwh increase of 33% in the same year. Added loads of 34.5gwh increase in the year, 126% increase in the same year, 46% increase in the world, and 24.4gwh increase in China in the first half of 2017, 9% increase in the same year.
Station (centralized) 17.29gwh, 16% less than the same year, distributed photovoltaic 7.11gwh, 2.9 times higher than the same year, followed by a long-standing outbreak. Three quarters of installed capacity continued to grow at a high rate. After the breakout of 630, the three quarters of installed aircraft continued to be in a state of state, without a significant dive in 2016.
Monthly loadings reached 11.23gwh, 3.09gwh and 2.93gwh, respectively, accumulated in the previous three quarters, with 42gwh installed, an increase of more than 60 per cent over the previous year, exceeding the total number of aircraft installed in the last year (34.5gwh). By the end of September, the total number of domestic light-volt aircraft was about 120gwh, with distribution patterns.
The reason why the PV continues to be over-expected is the extension of the pilot and the network and the outbreak of distributed photovoltaics. We expect the installed capacity to reach 50gwh in 2017, well above the 30gwh expected.
At the same time, the National Energy Agency's “Guidance for the implementation of the 13th Five-Year Plan for the Development of Renewable Energy” shows that: 1) 86.5 gwh of the cumulative size of the photovoltaic power station from 2017 to 2020, with an average annual target size of 21.6 gwh, which includes an annual 8gwh pilot project, with a target for 2017
22.4 gwh. 2) Unlimited-scale distributed photovoltaic power projects, village and pro-poor power plants, and inter-provincial and district power transmission access auxiliary power stations are not subject to this indicator. Given the real eruption of the roof distribution in 2017 and the wind surge in the household, we believe that the period 2017 - 2020 will be a period of overflow.
The sum total of the new upholstery is more than 50 gwh, a approximate event, and industry space is still larger in the critical period leading up to the year-wide flat-priced Internet access in 2020.
From a light-voltage structural point of view, the structure of the industry has changed significantly and the distribution ratio of light voltage has increased rapidly. On the regional level, the loading area of the centralized power station has moved rapidly from the north-west to the centre-east, with more than 50% of the surface stations in the first half of the year located in the east-central region; on the former, the application scene.
The three-quarterly distributed light-voltage ratio increased from 10 per cent in 2016 to 37.5 per cent, bringing the total number of installed vehicles to 4156 million users in the first half of the year, which is more than the cumulative figure at the end of 2016, with a higher-than-expected development in 2017.
In our view, the main reason for this is the increase in the rate of return due to the lower cost of the system, which leads to the growth of the entire distribution system. In the case of large ground power stations, the output in 2016 was 7.3 yuan/w, which was reduced to 6.5 yuan/w in 2017. The distribution is based on the lack of land costs.
So the combined cost is less than a centralized photovoltaic plant. We expect that in 2017, the cost of the system could be reduced to $5.5-6.5/w: the average self-serving in the eastern region is 15% or more, with full access to the net being 8-9%, a very high return on investment and a strong economy.
In order to understand the market space for photovoltaic equipment, we focus on the development of rapidly distributed photovoltaic installed capacity. The spread of photovoltaics is concentrated in the economically developed central and eastern regions, with rich business roof resources, similar to those of Japan and Germany.
By the end of 2016, the country will have only 5.5 gwh, which is expected to be around 20 gwh by the end of 2017, with a potential space of 270 gwh-280 gwh and a potential space of 260 gwh. On the basis of each gwh investment, the market space is 400 million yuan, the country will have a potential market for the distributed light-volted equipment.
The space is more than $100 billion, and according to our projections, based on the increased efficiency of photovoltaic equipment, especially single crystal furnaces, a drop in unit prices, an increase in the share of assistive equipment, and an increase in single crystal penetration, we expect.
The market space for the monocrystal equipment industry in 2020 was about $13 billion (neutral assumption). 2.2. Photovoltaic warming led to the expansion of silicon mills, the replacement speed of silicon silicon was affected by the steady growth of downstream photovoltizers, and global silicon production grew steadily in 2016.
Global production of 69gwh was 20% higher than in 2015. China ' s silicon production in 2016 was 35% higher than the global level of 15 pct, and China ' s s silicon production was 94% higher than the total global sales.
The top 10 producers of silicon in the world are 54.6% of the world ' s top 10 firms.
Figure 11: Average capacity utilization of the world ' s leading silicon producers is over 80 per cent
The average capacity utilization rate of these major silicon producers amounted to more than 80% a year, and, in response to the growth of photovoltaic machines, all of them have implemented an expansion plan. In 2017, the silicon industry was largely expanded in the area of single crystal silicon.
At the end of 2017, single crystal silicon production capacity will reach 38 gwhh: 1) Lungi, 8 gwh, and the central ring will reach 15 gwh, 8gwh, respectively, and the single crystal silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon siliconc silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon siliconc siliry siliry siliry silicy silicy silicy siliry siliry siliry siliry siliry siliry siliry siliry silicy silicy siliry siliry siliry silic silic silic silic silic silic silic silic silic silic silic silic silic silic sl silic silic silic silic silic silic silic sl sl sl sl sl sl silic silic silic silic silic silic silic sl sl sl sl sl sl sl silic silic sl sl) sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl s)))))))))))) shares at 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30 September, 30 September, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30 September, 30 September, 30 September, 30 September, 30 September)
Crystal, Attez, Crystal and Australasia are active single-crystal silicon areas of size of 2-3gwh; 3) the determination to transform the single-crystal system is questionable, with one gwhi. The multi-crystal silicon is not yet clear.
Moor PV predicts that the penetration rate of monocrystal silicon is expected to rise from the current 26% to over 45% by 2018, and that the permeability of monocrystal silicon in 2020 is over 50%. We believe that the underlying reasons for the rapid increase in monocrystal penetration are, inter alia, the following:
1. Technology: monocrystals are the first to achieve the cut of the diamond line. Single crystal silicon slices have been fully applied to the cut of the gold line in 2015, while multi-crystal silicon slices are still in the sandy steel line cutting technique due to their technological immaturity. Compared to the traditional cut of the steel line, the cut of the diamond line has the following advantages:
1. Line diameter changes and blade losses are reduced, increasing from 48 to more than 60 pieces per kilogram; 2) speed lift, with single equipment producing from 7mw to 28mw per year, reducing non-silicon costs; 3) cost: single crystal leads the way, with multiple crystals not easy to catch.
The cost of the rapid import of new technologies in the chain has declined rapidly, from an average of RMB/w for single crystal silicon tablets in 2016, which is expected to fall to 2.96 yuan/silica by the end of 2017 ($0.59/w). The cost of production of polysilicon tablets published in 2016 q4 Atts is US$ 0.13/w ($0.88/w,$4.04/silica).
Figure 14: The cost of production of single crystal silicon is reduced to $3.17 per plate (0.63/w) and the cost of production of polycrystal silicon is $0.13/w (0.88/w) 3. Efficiency: perc batteries are inflamed and single crystal differentials are pulled off.
Technical improvements in conventional bsf reduce light damage by plating the back of the battery. And it's only on the back, it's not on the front, it's not on the front, it's easy to add two or three processes to the conventional battery production line, and it's easy to upgrade. The perc technology is very efficient and has great potential.
This switch to a perc production line, while multi-crystal batteries have a series of technical challenges. From actual efficiency, single crystal, multi-crystal perc production efficiency is around 21.2 and 19.7 respectively, while single-crystal mainstream battery efficiency is close to 21.5.
One point: the emergence of a perc battery objectively increases a single multi-crystal gap. Figure 17: Production efficiency of single crystal perc battery at around 21.2  peak efficiency  yield efficiency
4. Prices: Silicon tablets have increased steadily and have reduced short-term price differentials. Silicon silicon prices have fallen down a large trend, and the mismatch between supply and demand in the short term has led to price fluctuations, with long-term trends depending on the magnitude of the cost decline. Since 2016, single multi-crystal price differentials have tended to increase, reflecting, on the one hand, varying levels of supply.
The need for monocrystals is significantly higher than polycrystals, on the one hand, and because of the speed at which the cells below the monocrystal route and the component end are moving efficiently, the current power of single crystal silicons corresponds to the end of the battery at 5w, which corresponds to about 4.5w. After the 630 raid in 2017, the silicone price remained relatively strong.
With three quarters of demand booming, the price gap has narrowed. Currently, the average Internet connection cost of photovoltaic power is 0.65 - 0.85/kwh. The cost of electricity generation is 0.5 - 0.65/kwh, the most expensive compared to the other forms of electricity generation and the lack of competition in prices.
So the development of our photovoltaic industry is still a policy- and subsidy-driven phase, and electricity parity is the life force that sustains its continued development. The value of parity is that it has the ability to compete directly with other mainstream forms of electricity without subsidies, and the industry is not dependent on it for its survival.
Policy fluctuations and subsidies are slow, and as costs decrease, they gain eternal life. So, with efficiency gains, technological advances are key to the continued development of the photovoltaic industry, and single crystal silicons have a cost-reducing advantage in space and battery efficiency that allows single crystals to replace multiple crystals.
In addition to this, market patterns in China, which are characterized by distributed eruptions and pilot plans for expansion, are more friendly for monocrystal products. For distributed projects with pervasive area limitations, the effect of conversion is more likely to be positive.
High-prevalence monocrystal products have a competitive advantage. The most low requirement for conversion efficiency planned by the runners for 2016 is that more than 80% of the polycrystal capacity be kept out of the system, and more than 80% of the monocrystal capacity meets the requirement. The single polycrystal minimum efficiency increased to 17.8%, 17%, popular in 2017.
Transcrystalization will remain out of the threshold, with only the multicrystal technology of diamond cutting + black silicon + perc being met. The monocrystal +perc technology is more mature and basically meets the minimum efficiency requirements. With the dual effect of internal + external causes, monocrystal replacement of polycrystals will accelerate.
In the future, as the crystal structure evolves to be n-type, even new ibc, hit, etc., we believe that single-crystal routes will also be more advantageous in the evolution of high-efficiency battery-assembly technology. The single-crystal city rise will create market space that doubles the rate of growth in the industry, favouring single-crystal taps.
Businesses continue to grow at large and high speeds. 2.3. Large customers are tied to big orders, single-crystal equipment has high performance growth, single-crystal equipment market spatial measurement (under expansion plan): silicone industry monocrystal silicon 2016
The production capacity is 16 gwh, based on the expansion plan of the main silicon miller, with a new single crystal silicon station in 2017, with a price of about 1.7 million yuan per single transistor equipment and 22 billion yuan per single crystal device market space in 2017-2019. Taking into account back-end cutting and processing equipment, it is based on orders from the crystals engine and the central ring.
The demand for back-end processing equipment in relation to 1gwh capacity is estimated to be approximately RMB 2017 to 2019, with a total of RMB 26 billion in equipment market space (including single-crystal + back-end processing equipment). In the context of the accelerated expansion of the capacity of single-crysilica manufacturers, the light silicone industry has become a multi-crystal industry.
The largest single-crystal expansion of Lungi shares, whose equipment suppliers are mainly connected to internal affiliates, and whose equipment is essentially unsaled. The second-high-speed central-circle shares are closely linked to the crystals, and are almost at par.
In 2017, the company produced 8gwh output in the middle ring (composed to about 3 billion equipment needs, dominated by single-crystal furnaces, with a small number of other equipment amounting to $9 million for cut-off machines and $26 million for a single machine).
We also got orders for equipment for single-crystal extension for giants such as Pauline, Crystal Solar, and Crystal... enough to highlight the vanity of single-crystal equipment. In our view, the company would benefit the first wave of single-crystal expansion by binding silicon producers such as the middle ring, Concorde, Crystal Australia, etc.
On 30 September of the year, China Ring announced changes in its subsidiaries’ investment projects and investment projects.
Implementation of solar-grade single crystalline silicon material expansion, with the proposed adjustment of the post-partum additional capacity from 8 gwh to 10.8 gwh (new 2.8 gwh).
With this new increase in production capacity, it is expected to total 23.6gwh (previously 7gwh, 2017 planned for 8gwh and next year 8.6gwh), which will be equal to the production capacity of Lungi shares.
The company's back-end processing products are cutters, grinding composite processors, automated production lines, etc. 3. Semiconductor nationalization is imminent, with a few small, large-size equipment dealers enjoying a high profile of the semiconductor industry, and raw materials are in short supply of silicon.
Semiconductors are the most important building blocks of the electronic information industry, a vehicle for achieving electronic performance, supporting the development of electronic information industries such as communications, computers, information technology and network technologies.
Fee-based electronics will continue to be the main driving force behind the growth of the semiconductor industry in the coming years. With the rapid growth of new applications such as networking, artificial intelligence, auto electronics, medical electronics, and wearing electronics, the global semiconductor industry will enter a new boom cycle.
Silicon chips are the most important basic raw material for semiconductor chip manufacture, and now more than 90% of the chips and sensors are made from semiconductor single crystal silicon chips, which reflect the temperature of the semiconductor industry. According to Semi, the total global silicon silicon product area reached in the second quarter of 2017.
2,978 million square inches, with 4.2% ring growth, 10.1% increase on the same year, once again creating the highest ever recorded output in the single season. At the same time, the global expansion of 3dnandflash and the limited capacity of silicon international large-scale plants have resulted from the rapid growth of downstream networks, automobile electronics, etc.
The semiconductor silicon is in a state of shortage, with large international plants rising prices, and three semiconductor silicon plants have announced an increase in the price of 12 inches of silicon by 10\sim % in 2017. The current situation of inadequate supply of silicon silicon will inevitably lead to investment in the capacity of silicon producers, given the high level of such investment.
Financial needs and the characteristics of the long-term investment cycle (on average market data, the construction of a 10,000 12-inch semiconductor silicon mill requires at least $1 billion to be built in 2-3 years), which we believe will be a gradual investment process, so in the future.
The supply of semiconductor silicon will continue for several years, while the demand for equipment will continue for the next three to five years as the demand for semiconductor is strong. 3.2. Large-scale silicon demand continues to expand and national production is imminent
Semiconductor sector development follows Moore's law that when prices are constant, integrated circuits can be accommodated, but their production costs and product prices are reduced by 50% accordingly. In summary, integrated circuits tend to develop “fast, smaller, and cheaper” and thus offer a large diameter to the base material silicon.
And without defects, the purity of silicon is expected to be more than 11 9 (i.e. 99.999999%), with silicon silicon silica following a large-scale trend. The prevailing silicon silicon is 300 mm (12 inches), 200 mm (8 inches) and 150 mm (6 inches), of which 300 mm silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicates since 2009.
The first market share is over 50%, the share by 2015 has reached 78%, and is expected to account for more than 84% of the market demand for silicon in 2020 according to Semi. The larger the size of the silicon, the higher the purity, the higher the demands on the production process, and now the mainstream.
The global monopoly of the semiconductor silicon market has been formed, with 92% of the sales of the five major silicon-controlled companies in Japan, Taiwan, Germany, and Korea in 2016. With 12 inches of silicon, the monopoly is even more pronounced, with the six largest semiconductor silicon plants in the pre-2015 period.
The share of sales in Semi has reached 97.8 per cent and the domestic demand for 300 mm large silicon tablets is estimated at 450,000 per month (from the Shanghai Xinyang Bulletin), while domestic production is currently almost zero and entirely dependent on imports, mainly because of the fact that the majority of semiconductor materials in the country are currently in demand.
The industry can produce less than 6 inches of silicon (about 50% of GDP), 8 inches of silicon national production, only 10%, and the country has not yet acquired high-purity silicon technology for large-scale IC circuits. The 300mm semiconductor-class silicon is not only an important link in the missing industrial chain, but also a national security.
The development of semiconductor industries, represented by integrated circuits, is a matter of improving the quality of the country’s scientific and technological capabilities.
The integrated circuit industry is at the heart of the information technology industry and is a strategic, foundational and pilot industry that underpins economic and social development and guarantees the country’s security. The State is currently strongly promoting the process of semiconductor nationalization at the policy and financial levels, respectively.
In addition, the development of the semiconductor sector, including the North, is planned in top-level design documents such as China Manufacturing 2025.
A number of local governments, including Kyoto, Shanghai, Tianjin, Fujian, and others, have responded positively to the government’s call to set up an integrated circuit industry fund with varying amounts of money. In this policy context, not only have local integrated circuit-related producers developed rapidly, but they have also attracted a large number of international semiconductors.
The demand for equipment and materials has increased significantly in the form of investment plants, such as Samsung, Intel and Ssk Hercules. According to the Semi report, 62 semiconductor crystal circle plants will be built globally between 2017 and 2020, 26 of which will be located in mainland China, with 12 inches (300 mm) of which will be the largest.
As an example, Semi estimates that China will spend more than $4 billion in 2017 on the construction of a crystal circle plant, which will account for 70 per cent of the total global expenditure; by 2018, China's spending on the construction of a crystal circle plant will have increased significantly to $10 billion, and will continue to do so in 2019 and 2020.
It's the most important component of the Transcrystal plant investment, the obvious price and service advantages of home-grown equipment, and although there is still a gap between the technical level and the imported equipment, it is the country's strong support to the semiconductor industry.
This wave of plant booms in mainland China is expected to prompt domestic semiconductor equipment manufacturers to fast-track the country to become the world’s third largest semiconductor manufacturing area, surpassing Japan and North America, with a 32% increase in sales. The country’s major integrated circuit fund is already in a period of intensive investment.
The large fund has a large number of enterprises in the upper-middle-down layout, covering areas such as design, crystal-crystal manufacturing, and chip sealing, with fewer equipment companies investing, with only a few such as Hasegawa Science and Technology, with a large fund holding 7.5%. We believe that future large funds and national industrial policies are on the equipment side.
Investment intensity and policy support will accelerate, and equipment domestication will be a top priority for the national production of ic. The single-crystal furnaces produced by crystals are the first process of semiconductor processes used to produce semiconductors, the backbone of the chip, the silicon crystal circle.
The high demand for semiconductor customers, for example, in terms of trap density, has broken through the country's high-end crystalline silicon material growth equipment, especially the large-size crystal silicon growing equipment, which has long been cut off by large firms abroad, and is a scarce domestic manufacturer of large-scale monocrystals.
In addition to this, the company has successfully developed a direct-laden melting method for the production of the product of the tdr130a-zjs fully automated single-crystal silicon growth furnace, which is a major scientific and technologically focused project on the development of large-scale integrated circuit manufacturing equipment and packages of “300 mm silicon single-crystal straight-line growth equipment”.
The new special monocrystal furnace for crystals (the direct Lafa+ area molten) also solves the problem of imported expensive multi-crystal rods for customers, which began production in 2016 by receiving and inspection. Some of the equipment has been sold to Taiwan (about $1 million per unit), including semiconductor, Tianjin Ring Europe, Taiwan.
The recent takeover of a single-crystal silicon-growing stove contract for the semiconductor of the Taiwan All-Changzhou factory, which was over $9 million, indicates that the company's products have received a certain degree of recognition, that it has succeeded in import substitution, and that the company was awarded “China in 2016.”
The 10 most powerful units in the transport equipment industry, “The 10 most powerful units in the electronics industry in China in 2016”, will be the first option for the production of domestic equipment in the hot tide of the construction of the crystal-crystal plant, and it is expected to benefit significantly from the nationalization of semiconductor equipment in the future.
4. Widening the industrial chain with the coded sapphire business waiting to be harvested The company has been engaged in the production and processing of sapphire materials through the use of crystal ring electronics and crystal electronics for many years in the technology of crystallized silicon growing equipment and crystal growth processes, and has been replenished several times.
So far, the company has invested 2 billion dollars in sapphire production and processing projects, as can be seen in its firm determination to develop its sapphire business and its outlook for the industry. In 2016, the company sapphire material generated $34.3 million in sales revenue, an increase of 81% over the previous three years, with further capacity in the next three years.
Releases, promising new growth points for companies. 4.1. Excellent optical materials, mainly downstream regurgitation in the led industry. Sapphire is commonly known as the Okaz, the main chemical ingredient is aluminium oxide, a collection of good optical performances, physics.
Performance and chemistry are essential building blocks of modern industry. Sapphire crystals are melting at 2050°C, boiling point 2980°C, with a maximum working temperature of 1900°C. Chemical properties are also very stable, usually insoluble in water, free from acid and alkaline corrosion. Sapphire crystals are very hard, Mox hard.
Level 9, second only to diamonds. With good permeability, thermal conductivity, electrical insulation, mechanical performance, grind-resistant and corrosion-resistant features, it is widely applied to the led liner, consumer electronic protection glass, infrared military devices, satellite space technology, high-intensity laser windows.
Among them, the led liner is the most needed as the most important application of the sapphire. According to the French sapphire authority research institute, yole, the sapphire market line in 2016 accounted for 80% of the total market demand, followed by mobile phone keys, camera cameras, iwatch.
The led liner is used mainly for the growth of led material, which needs to be grown on the bottom of the line to make extra-spans based on nitrous thorium (gan), a process mainly based on the organic chemistry of metals.
The gas phase sediment extenuator (mocvd) is completed, with sapphires, silicon carbide and silicon bedding being the most commonly used bottoms, with sapphire dominated, accounting for 94% of the parled liner market. As 80% of the sapphires are used at the led liner bottom, the development of the led industry and the sapphire industry are therefore associated with the development of the sapphire.
The future of the stone is related to market demand. Although the penetration rate of the sapphire in the led liner material is not much room for uplifting, the downstream led industry has experienced a sharp drop in prices in early 2015-2016, accelerated shuffling, which has led to supply and demand stops, particularly in light demand and small spacing.
By 2017, the price of the mainstream led chip and the led package had dropped by more than 40%, and about 4,000 led companies (including upstream chips and lower-middle-stream lighting applications) had disappeared and industry concentration had risen sharply. Overseas production (Khan, Day, Taiwan) could be tightened.
Sanam is leading the industry with a market share of about 30%, and Hua Chan and Yoo-chung are expanding their efforts by working with the big downstream plant, Linsen. The industry has become difficult to find new entrants, and old equipment and small producers, benefiting from the recovery, are still in business, but will eventually face a phase-out.
An oligopoly, in size, would be Sanan, Hua Xiang, Oyang Xian, and Crystal. So far, the main customer of the sapphire material, Led Chips, has entered the monopoly, with the top five manufacturers, represented by the triam, Hwang, and Hwang, accounting for about 75% of the country’s total.
The rise in industrial concentration has led to an improvement in supply and demand, as well as to a recovery in product prices, which has also accelerated the growth of relatively advanced chip firms such as Sanan Light Power, China Light Power, and O-Y-Y-Y-Yo.
The pace of production. In view of the current expansion, we believe that the concentration of the led chip industry will continue to rise, that the industry will move into a rational expansion phase, and that the demand for sapphire materials is expected to grow steadily by 20 per cent in the coming years.
4.2. The consumption of the electronic blue sea, the demand for sapphire waits to explode, and Apple's response on the phone home key and camera panel and the applewatch screen opens up the new market for sapphire in the consumer electronics industry.
Apple, as the header of the smartphone industry, has been developing towards a wind sign for the entire industry, triggering replication and follow-up by other mobile operators. The apple watch has now fully achieved the sapphire screen, but the iphone has only home keys and camera panels on it.
It's sapphire material material material. The iPhone 8, released in September, has eliminated the real home key, reducing the use space for sapphire on smartphones. In conjunction with idc's prediction of smartphones and the corresponding sapphire penetration rate, we expect that in 2020, the sapphire will not be considered on the cell phone screen.
In the case of cellular caps, the current main cellular panel glass uses Conning screens at an average cost of US$3 per block (20 yuan per block). And the sapphire sheet has the advantage of fighting and grinding, among other things.
But the cost is 30 dollars per block (about 200 yuan per block), 10 times higher than the Conning gorilla glass, and 1.6 times the weight of the gorilla glass sheet. So the main reason why the sapphire has not yet been used on the cell phone sheet is cost.
So, once the cost has made a breakthrough (it is widely accepted that when the sapphire is reduced to about three to four times the cost of the Conning gorilla, it can be accepted by the mobile phone manufacturer), the market for the appliance of the sapphire in the field of cellular panels will explode. Given the cost problem, Blue Treasure.
The use of stone screens will start at the upper end of smartphones, and we expect the year 2020 to be Sapphire 4.3. Crystal Power: Equivalence + Technological Break-down Costs.
The most important problem with the current suppliers of sapphire material is cost reduction. Crystals have three main advantages: 1. Self-carried equipment advantages: the company has successfully developed 35 kg, 65 kg, 90kg and 120 kg, thanks to the accumulation of technology in the process of making and growing crystallized silicon over the years.
The long-crystal furnace, which is the most important set-up on the sapphire production line, saves the cost of equipment purchased for the long-crystal chain by producing its own property, and because it has the equipment.
2. The cost of electricity in the production base is low: electricity is very high in the long crystal process, costs more than 30 per cent of total costs, typical energy-intensive industries have access to low-cost electricity supply.
It's the key to raising the Māori ratio of the product. The company's company, Cycling Electronics, which produces sapphire materials, is located in Inner Mongolia, the region with the lowest electricity prices in the country, with electricity at a time of about 20 cents, which significantly reduces the cost of production.
3. Large-scale crystallization breakthrough: in June 2017, the company ' s crystalring electrons used bubbles to produce 300 kg-grade sapphire crystals, shapes, transparency, non-fibre, no crystalline, less bubbles, with an effective 4-inch bar length of 3,400 mm left applicable to led.
Right, making the company one of the few companies in the world that have mastered the technology. The greater the size of the sapphire crystals, the more the material is used, the smaller the edge loss, especially the kg-grade sapphire crystals, the 300-kilogram-grade sapphire crystals that have been developed this time are expected to produce the postpartum list.
A 20% drop in bit costs would significantly improve the company’s competitiveness in the sapphire crystals business. According to mid-2017, the current Māori rate in the sapphire business is 7.97%, which is still a bit off from the country’s front-line producers, mainly due to smaller yields, and there has been a significant increase.
Space. As the capacity expands, the scale effect will significantly reduce the company’s production costs, and, with the three preceding cost advantages, we believe that the company’s profitability and market competitiveness in sapphire operations will increase significantly in the coming years.
The cost of producing sapphire materials is 30% of the cost of electricity, and figure 30: There is much room for improvement in the level of the company ' s sapphire business, depending on the industry ' s development and the company ' s ability to determine the company ' s crystal silicon, respectively.
Production equipment (including photovoltaic and semiconductor equipment), led intelligent equipment, sapphire material Three major components of operations are assumed to operate as follows: I. Crystal silicon equipment:
1) Photovoltage equipment: semiconductor equipment according to crystallized silicon capacity of 77gwh in 2016, single crystal silicon of 20gwh, single table (4-5mw per single crystal silicon device at a cost of 1.7 million yuan), projected single crystal silicon equipment line 2): the current steady growth in silicon demand will drive silicon mills
Business investment in productive capacity, given the high financial demand for such investment and the specifics of the long-term investment cycle (the construction of a 10,000 12-inch semiconductor silicon mill requires at least $1 billion to be built in 2-3 years), we believe that this would be a gradual step-by-step process.
The investment process, so that the supply of semiconductor silicons will continue to be in short supply for the next few years, and the demand for equipment from the high demand below the semiconductor will continue to be high for the next three to five years.
In July 2015, the company acquired 51% of the share in photovoltaics to include the led industry in the company’s industrial development layout. The business of PV consists mainly of semiconductor lighting, industry-wide chain benchmarking, online production line testing, and smart manufacturing. Performance commitments 2015-2017
iii. Sapphire material: To date, the company has accumulated 2 billion dollars in sapphire production and processing projects, reflecting its firm determination to develop its sapphire business and a favourable outlook for the industry. The company ' s s sapphire material business achieved $34.3 million in sales revenue in 2016, an increase of 81% compared to the previous year.
Further releases of productive capacity over the next three years are expected to bring new growth points for companies. Re-reference the average valuation of comparable companies in the photovoltaic and semiconductor equipment industries, with 52 x, and crystallizer power, which is also significantly below the industry average, to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
1. The development of the monocrystal route is not as good as expected: the conversion efficiency of the monocrystal line is lower than expected: the rapid development of multi-crystal cut-off technology + black silicon technology has led to a rapid drop in the polycrystal route and a change in the general trend of monocrystal substitution.
2. Semiconductor nationalization has been less developed than expected: the domestic market for semiconductor equipment is still dominated by foreign giants, with very small amounts of domestic suppliers, mainly crystals, and there is a certain gap between technology and international advanced levels, with national production.
3. The sapphire business is not as developed as expected: the sapphire business is not yet mature, and the main suppliers in the domestic market are Russian Monocyrstal (40%) and Skytron shares.
The demand for the led lineup has stabilized, while the demand for consumer electronics has to wait for the cost to be low enough to be applied to the mobile screens, so the expansion of the sapphire business is already in place with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.