Transistor Power (300316): Semiconductor business breakthroughs, valuations of step-by-step luminous single-crystal furnace taps, rising share of deep benefit monocrystals. As of 2017q3, our total photovoltage was 121.42gw, of which 217q1-q3 was added to our photovolt.
The size of the aircraft is 42gw, which is far greater than the 34gw of last year. Since last year, with single crystal components close to the price difference of the polycrystal components, there has been a fundamental change in the pattern of single, polycrystal competition, the single crystal ratio in the new loads has expanded rapidly, and this year to the present day, it has been smooth.
The share of single crystals in the new installed aircraft has risen to about 40%, which is more than we predicted at the beginning of the year. In the future, we believe that the ratio of single crystals will continue to rise to 50% left by 2020, as the distribution of photovoltaics and the size of household photovoltaics rises.
Right. As the only single-crystal manufacturer in the country that currently supplies large volumes of external goods, the company accounts for the vast majority of the market for photovoltaic monocrystals. New corporate orders to date have exceeded $3 billion in 2017, an increase of 246.59 per cent over the same year in 2016.
In recent years, with the gradual introduction of our integrated circuit industry policy, the construction of domestic crystallized plants has peaked.
According to Semi, from 2017 to 2020, we will plan to build 26 new crystal-crystal plants, and by 2020 we are expected to be the largest in the world.
Crystal circle manufacturing countries. The semiconductor-grade single-crystal furnaces currently manufactured by the company are in the production stage and have received 80 million yen orders from the world’s top 10 semiconductor silicon chip suppliers for crystallization technology, with the collaboration of crystallization technology entering a period of rapid development.
The company has also successfully developed new products such as a single-crystal silicone roller, a single-crystal silicon cutter, and a semiconductor device product line layout. The company announcement and the Central Ring were almost complete on October 31, 2017.
The shares and the tin-free city government have signed a cooperation agreement to build integrated circuits in the near future, with millions of dollars. We believe that future silicon projects are likely to buy the equipment from the crystals, and this collaboration marks the imminent arrival of the company's semiconductor equipment.
The company’s semiconductor equipment is expected to be sold on track in the large-scale delivery phase. The sapphire business is ahead of technology, and the release of performance still awaits the opening of the downstream market.
The crystallization process, which involves the sapphire grinding and scraping of sapphire, a subsidiary in the Zhejiang, and the sapphire crystallizer, which is used in the ring, is all made by the crystallizer itself. We believe that the main element of the current competition for sapphire material is the price.
The company took the lead in developing 300-kg-grade sapphire growth equipment, which would be about 20% lower after delivery than the 150-kg-grade sapphire plant used by other competitors in the current market. The significant cost advantage would be to help the company with the sapphire.
• Profit forecasting: taking into account the premise that corporate photovoltaic monocrystal orders are high, semiconductor set-ups are expected to explode, sapphire material is phased in.
The purchase orders fell short of expectations, investment in large silicon plants fell short of expectations, and the sapphire material production fell below expectations, sales below expectations, etc. Zhejiang Jingxeng Electric Co. Ltd. was created in December 2006 and listed on the business board on 11 May 2012.
Products developed autonomously by the Division are widely used in such areas as semiconductor, photovoltaic, igbt powerware, led optical electron and sapphire window material, and are national technology leaders, internationally advanced semiconductor silicon materials, photovolcano material, high-end intelligent equipment such as led detection and lighting, and sapphire crystal material suppliers and service providers.
The company's main products are fully automated monocrystal growth furnaces, multi-crystal silicon casting furnaces, sapphire furnaces, regional melt silicone monocrystal furnaces, single crystal silicone rollers, single crystal silicon cutters, single crystal silicon bar grinding composite processors, multi-crystal silicon grinders, silicon stick single-line cutters, silicon block single cutters, silicon-line cutters, sapproaches for sapphire crystals, sapphire crystal chips, led device detection sorting equipment,
As the only high-end single-crystal factory in the country, companies have benefited significantly from the photovoltaic industry, which has generated 1,257 million yuan, an increase of 87.30 per cent, and a net profit of 253 million yuan, an increase of 95.33 per cent.
2.1 The monocrystal replacement trend has become clear, and the share of new loadings has continued to rise, benefiting from rapid distributional growth and the reduction of photovoltaic poverty, with the quarterly rise in the number of additional photovoltaic loadings in 2017 and the impact of the break-off cliffs brought about by 630 in 2016 has not materialized since 630 in 2017.
The size of the aircraft has reached 121.42gw, of which 2017q1-q3 is 42gw, far greater than the 34gw of last year, and the size of 2017q1/q2/q3 is 7.21gw/15.19gw/19.6gw, respectively, and, in particular, after 630 q3 is not regressed, with a clear mark of demand pull.
Since 2008, in the course of the rapid development of our photovoltaic industry, the multi-crystal component has rapidly taken over the lower-middle- and lower-end markets with its low prices and high productivity. In the lead-up to the development of the photovoltaic industry, the main focus was on the construction of centralized photovoltaic power plants in the three northern regions.
Lower than single crystal components, which makes it almost cost-effective for central photovoltaic station operators to choose multiple crystal components. Since last year, as the single crystal component approaches the price difference between the polycrystal component, there has been a fundamental change in the pattern of single, polycrystal competition, the single crystal ratio in the new loader has expanded rapidly, and the single crystal ratio in the new light-volt loader has increased this year.
About 40%, more than 30% of our projections at the beginning of the year. In the future, we believe that with the distribution of photovoltaics and the size of the household photovoltaics, 2.2 companies are home- and global-scale single-crystal furnaces, fully benefiting from single crystals to replace multi-crystal waves. The company currently provides six single-crystal products, such as tdr150a-zjs, and regional furnaces, the fz100a-zjs.
The company's monocrystal products have broken the monopoly of technology abroad, and its third generation monocrystal furnaces, with a combination of innovative technologies, such as water-cooled, continuous material delivery technologies, have the advantage of high automation, high production, efficiency, energy efficiency, and PV conversion efficiency. The company's monocrystal furnaces can be managed with less human and intelligent remote monitoring.
Figure 11: Transistor power is the main monocrystal product, and the company, as the only single-crystal manufacturer in the country that currently supplies large volumes of external goods, occupies the vast majority of the market for photovoltaic monocrystals.
As single crystal ratio rises, so does demand for single crystal extension. New corporate orders to date exceed $3 billion in 2017, an increase of 246.59% over 2016.
2.3 Research and development (R & D) is high and the rate of M & A continues to be high. The Jingxeng Electric Research and Development Team was born at Zhejiang University. Professor Chuming Soo, who was the founder of Zhejiang University, was a doctoral teacher. He received a special subsidy from the State Council. The research results were awarded the National Inventorate Second Award and the National Science and Technology Progress Second Award, among others, at the national level.
In the field of photovoltaics, in recent years, companies have developed successful domestic and international technologies such as water cooler traps, continuous feeders, dual-source independent control, air-cooling devices, fully automated semi-melting and efficient casting of sodium, and have achieved national and international technological excellence in silicon crystal growth, “all autonomous, high performance, efficient, low-energy consumption”.
Jsh800 gas-cooled multi-crystals products have been rated as new national priority products by each of the four ministries. The company’s major national science and technology project, “The development of 300 mm silicon single-crystal straight-line growth equipment” and “National production of silicon single-crystal furnaces in the 8-inch zone” are in the process of industrialization.
The extension of the industrial chain equipment led to the successful development and sale in 2015 of a new generation of monocrystal grinding composite machines, single-crystal silicon cutters, multi-crystal silicon grinders, multi-crystal silicon cutters, and the development of high-efficiency photovoltaic battery and assembly equipment.
Year after year, the development of semiconductor processing equipment has increased, with the successful development of new products of 4-6 inches, 8-12 inches of semiconductor-size, single crystal silicone rollers, single crystal silicon cutters, etc., with a growing product structure, while the company continues to promote the development of semiconductor processing equipment such as 8-12 inches of silicone processing equipment.
The continued high R & D cost investment and effective R & D results have kept the products of crystallizer power at the forefront of the country’s competition, thereby further ensuring the M & A of corporate products and the near domestic monopoly of high-end monocrystal markets.
Three-and-a-half-conductor equipment has a thick and thin business, which is the company's greatest performance elasticity in the next three years.
The silicone crystals used in integrated circuits are processed in silicone chips, which can be made into various circuitic components, and then further into a variety of chip products. During crystal manufacturing, the crystal manufacturing plant melts multiple crystals of silicone, then grows seed crystals in the melting fluids, and then pulls them out slowly to form a single crystald silicone bar in a cylindrical form, as the silicone bar is defined by a crystal face-to-face orientation.
The process is called "Long Crystal" and is gradually being produced in the molten silicon raw material. The silicon crystal bar is then sliced, grinded, sliced, inverted, polished, laser engraved, and then packaged, it becomes the basic raw material of the integrated circuit factory, the silicon crystal disc. According to the Global Semiconductor Trade Statistics Organization, the global integrated circuit sales in 2016 were up to US$ 276.698 billion, the same amount of which is US$ 276.698 billion.
At the same time, according to data from the Chinese semiconductor industry association, our integrated circuit manufacturing industry sold $11,269 million in 2016, up from 10 years ago. According to data from the International Semiconductor Equipment and Materials Organization (Semi), the global output of silicon tablets in the second quarter of 2017 was 2,978 million square inches, the highest level ever recorded.
Global spending on crystal-crystal manufacturing equipment has long been around $30 billion, and mainstream crystal manufacturing companies have formed a certain monopoly on Taiwan, Japan, South Korea, etc. In the silicon sector, the world’s top five silicone mills, which are dominated by the Japanese Hiraan, Japanese Sumco, and Taiwan’s Global Crystal Circle, are now home to more than 90% of the world’s top five silicone plants, while 12 inches of large silicon are on the world’s front.
In recent years, with the gradual introduction of our integrated circuit industry policy, the construction of the country’s crystal-crystal plant has peaked. With the launch of the National Integrated Circuit Industry Development Promotion Programme in 2014 and the establishment of the National Integrated Circuit Industry Fund in 2015, the country has been able to establish a national integrated circuit industry.
According to Semi, we are planning to build 26 new crystal-crystal plants in 2017-2020, and we are expected to be the world’s largest crystal-crystal manufacturing country by 2020. 3.2 Companies’ semiconductor equipment product line layout is almost complete.
The company announced in May 2017 that the project “Development of national production equipment for silicon monocrystal furnaces in the 8-inch zone” had been successfully approved through the official acceptance by the National Task Force on Receiving and Inspection, which was carried out by Tianjin Eurasia Semiconductor Materials Technology Ltd.
The semiconductor-grade monocrystal furnaces are now in the production stage, with 80 million orders from the world's top 10 semiconductor silicon chip suppliers for crystallization, and collaboration with crystallization is in a fast-growing phase. In addition to semiconductor-class monocrystal furnaces, the company has successfully developed 4-6 inches, 8-12.
New products such as single-crystal silicone rollers, single-crystal silicon cutters, semiconductor equipment product line layout Basic figure 21: crystal-spill power-related semiconductor equipment product lines 3.3 and the Central Ring joint venture to establish a large silicon silicone plant with expected sales of semiconductor equipment
On October 31, 2017, the company announced the signing of a cooperation agreement with the Central Ring and Tin-free municipalities to build a large silicon production and manufacturing project for integrated circuits, with a total investment of $3 billion, with an initial investment of $1.5 billion.
We believe that the future co-operation on the Big Silicon Project will probably buy the equipment from the crystal-spill power plant, and this joint event marks the imminent arrival of the company's semiconductor equipment in a large-scale delivery phase, which is expected to put the sale of the company's semiconductor equipment on track. 4 Sapphire business technology leads, and the release of performance still awaits the opening of the downstream market.
The company's sapphire business is just beginning, the company's subsidiaries, ring electrons, are engaged in the sapphire crystals program in the Zhejiang, the company's sapphire electrons are engaged in the sapphire grinding process in the Zhejiang, and all the sapphire crystals used in the ring are made by the crystals, which are powered themselves. The global sapphire is now in a more concentrated competitive pattern, with major manufacturers in Russia.
Monocrystal and Japanese namiki together account for 73% of the world ' s market share. The main focus of the sapphire is on the led chip liner and the apple phone home key, both of which account for up to 96% of total sapphire demand.
Currently, the largest suppliers of sapphire materials in the country are triam and crystals, and the main suppliers are Russian Monocrystal and Skytron shares. The sapphire materials produced by the company are now partially supplied with crystals, but the market is not very high. We believe that the main element of the current competition for sapphire materials is the price (cost), which the company has taken the lead in developing.
With 300 kg class sapphire growing equipment, the cost of which will be about 20 per cent lower after delivery than the 150 kg class sapphire growing equipment used by other competitors in the current market, a significant cost advantage will help the company to further occupy its sapphire materials in the domestic market (1) The company's optical monocrystal remains high on hand orders.
(2) The company’s semiconductor monocrystal order has grown significantly. (3) The company’s sapphire business has opened up and started to be sold in quantities as costs have fallen. Given the company’s high-high-high-high-high-level orders, the semiconductor equipment order is expected to explode, and the sapphire material is gradually released.
(b) New orders for semiconductor single-crystal furnaces are not as fast as expected, and investment in large silicon plants is not as fast as expected;
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the said securities, which does not take into account the specific investment purposes and financial resources of the persons obtaining the report.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in this report, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.