Analysiser: Chiang Seok-joo incident: the company published its 2019 report on 29 April, during which it achieved business income of $29,691 million
(+0.10 per cent); net profit attributable to the mother is $991 million (-26.45 per cent). Meanwhile, the release of the first quarterly report in 2020 showed a steady increase in non-shipping operations in 2019. In 2019, the company achieved operating income of $29,691 million (+0.10 per cent); net profit attributable to the mother is $991 million (-26.45 per cent), mainly due to the combined Māori rate of 14.09 per cent (2.23 pcts)
Decline: Sales costs increased by $100 million over the previous period due to three packages of cost increases; financial costs decreased from the previous period due to interest income, while exchange gains and losses increased by $100 million from the previous period; and prior-period corporate processing of investment gains of $102 million earned by subsidiaries, no such activity in the current period, resulting in a decrease in current-period investment returns compared with the previous period.
During the reporting period, companies fully exploited the opportunities offered by industry changes for the development of applied industries, and accelerated the development of new energy-adding industries, representing chemical power, gas power, and marine nuclear power operations, which effectively led to the growth of non-ship operations. The company ' s successful cgt25-e offshore platform, with dual-fuel gas turbines, was successfully launched.
In December 2019, three separate contracts were signed with China Sea Oil for a total of five 15mw offshore platform gas turbines and generators, and detailed design work is under way. Gareth is actively pursuing its traditional advantages in the cement, ship, metallurgical markets, with an additional purchase order of $575 million (+30.56 per cent) for the year.
Over the course of the year, 529 wind surge cases (+239 per cent) were delivered, new orders of $3.26 billion (+66.84 per cent) were made for wind power products, and the status of mainstream suppliers was further consolidated. Civil-military operations were developed in tandem with the expansion of chemical-powered products.
A positive increase in the collection of hot gas-powered products has been achieved. Chemical power has increased by 15.337 billion yuan (+78.2 per cent) and thermal power by 267 million yuan (+48.75 per cent); the increase in chemical power over the previous period is mainly due to the expansion of long sea power and the large increase in the size of the current operation of valuable metal-powered plates in Huangoka. Other business products have declined.
Diesel power camps collected 4,942 million yuan (-6.78 per cent), sea and industrial platforms and ship mechanics 3,871 million yuan (+3.70 per cent), full power camps collected 730 million yuan (-33.37 per cent), gas vapour power camps collected 586 million yuan (-66.09 per cent), ocean and ocean nuclear power camps collected 174 million (-47.21 per cent) and mobile equipment camps collected 2,448 million yuan (-3.42 per cent).
Operation of ships with gas turbines, steam turbines, special batteries, integrated power propulsion systems, high-power diesel engines, heat engines, transmission devices, etc., has been working with the military on a long-term basis as the main supplier of naval naval power and transmission devices, further reinforcing their advantages in terms of technological innovation, production and reliability.
In the meantime, the company’s military-to-military operations are advancing in tandem, using them to promote industrial development, capture intelligent ships, green ship trends, and take the lead, by virtue of the industry’s leadership, in the huge structural market brought about by the upgrading of ship-powered equipment, and to coordinate the company’s civil-military operations in the future.
In the reporting period, the company succeeded in bringing in six external investors, generating $7.25 billion in investment and $7.25 billion in corporate debt), reducing by 11.2 pcts, effectively reducing the financial leverage of target subsidiaries, easing the financial burden and improving the overall performance of listed companies.
The merger further optimizes the capital structure, clear market positioning, and further improves the quality of the company’s assets and overall profitability. Investment advice: companies as the main producers and producers of naval power and mobile equipment in the country, with a military-based approach, further greening of power equipment, smart figure 1: company operating income (millions of dollars) and growth (%)
Figure 2: Net corporate return (millions of yuan) and rate of increase (%): Corporate operating costs: three fees (billions) Figure 4: Corporate Māori, net profit and cost (%)