Short-term performance under pressure, long-term development of the inside and out-of-the-box.
Events: On October 31, 2025, the company issued a performance report for the third quarter of 2025. Three years before 2025, there was an increase in sales promotion inputs, an increase in labour and consultancy costs, and a continuous increase in the impact of research and development.
□ Performance is under pressure as a result of the increase in liluxin_yj@chinastock.com.cn. On the cash flow side, the net cash flow from operating activities is $1,073 million (-30.1%), consistent with the trend in profit movements.
During the reporting period, the corporate product matrix was further refined, and the core products of the United States of America were replicated and expanded across borders. On the US main line of medicine, the new product, "cola" was marketed, the bone-filling market was located, targeting the needs of high-net populations, and it was hoped that it would be mentioned.
In addition, the company's cross-border placement of a new track, subsidiary Nobo, is linked to its core product, aesthefil (which has entered the Chinese market) and Powerfill.
In October of this year, the first new material for cosmetics, “glygrassaltonea”, was completed. In the pipeline, there was sufficient stock, a type of botox hutox was in the review phase; the Sigrum injection fluid was in the clinical trial phase.
Good, suggest that attention be paid to the long-term upswing space. We expect that the company ' s net return profits for 2025-2027 will be less than expected for commercialization, respectively; the risk of a reduction in goodwill.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.