Fulvert, Inc., has been plowing light glass for years, and the industry is strong: the Fullet Glass Group.
\triangleright Ltd. was established in 1998 and formally moved into the field of light glass in 2006. The company is one of the largest optical glass producers in the world today.
Mr. Hong Liang, and his management team is experienced. Rapid growth in the photovoltaic sector has led to high corporate growth. The company’s operating income in 2019-2023 was 35.0% cagr and the net profit of the mother was 30.9%.
1) Photovoltaic phase supply and demand is tight and prices are up: as of 2023 market data: bottom of May 13, 2024, photovoltaic glass can produce about 998 000 tonnes/d; year-round, new fire production is expected in 2024
More than 40,000 tonnes/d, but the actual ignition and landing pace is influenced by demand and price factors, and is expected to yield more than 20,000 tonnes of productive capacity. We believe that three factors, such as profit pressure, heavy asset investment, and policy constraints, constrain the effective supply of glass, and we expect to be able to produce effectively throughout 2024.
About 105,000 tonnes/d, corresponding to 3,022,000 tonnes, annual supply and demand compared to 118% and demand compared to 2), overall industry costs have fallen and head enterprises have a greater advantage: gas prices and pure alkali prices are important factors affecting the cost of photovoltaic glass. Lower prices for pure alkali and natural gas are expected to drive lower production costs.
In the context of industry-wide lower-cost and profitable repairs, the comparative advantage of Fretel is more pronounced, mainly because of a. up-swinging of rock-and-grass sands, reducing the cost of raw materials; b. leading industries with capacity-scale production, increasing cost-control capacity on a continuous basis; and c. reduced raw materials, energy consumption and upgrading of finished products in the kilns.
3) Deeply tied downstream customers, with a strong leader: the company entered the field of photovoltaic glass earlier, enjoying authentication and customer barriers.
Certification is time-consuming and costly, and therefore cooperative relationships are stable and sustainable once successful entry into the list of qualified suppliers of large photovoltaic components (6-12 months). In addition, superior geographical location is an important reason why companies and customers can be bound in depth.
Since the hearings, only 20.8% of the second batch of manufacturing capacity has been declared in Jiangsu, and the third batch of unproductive production has been in the Jiangzi region, thus giving companies an early and significant regional advantage.
Introduction by the company: Deep-farmed glazing for many years, the industry has a strong leader, with a steady expansion of production capacity for 18 years, with a steady expansion of production capacity for 18 years.
The company is one of the world's largest producers of light glass today, with a total coverage of glass research and development, manufacturing, and additions mainly involved in the production and marketing of various glass products, including solar photovoltaic glass, high-quality floating glass, engineering.
Glass, home-based glass, and involved the construction of solar photovoltaic power stations and the mining of quartz; among them, photovoltaic glass was the company's most important product. By the end of 2023, the company had a total capacity of 20.6 million tonnes/d. This year, eight new lines were added, and the end-of-year capacity was expected to be concentrated in the company's equity structure, effectively controlling its chairman, Mr. Nguyen Hong Liang.
Kang Xiaohua, Zhao Xiaofei hold shares in 18.7%, 14.9%, 13.8% and 0.2% of the company, together with 47.7% of the co-ordinated players, and a more stable and concentrated share. The company's management is highly qualified and its chairman has over 38 years of experience in the glass industry.
The director and chairman of the board, who is in charge of the strategic development, business management and operation of the company, is the company's overall driver. The company's deputy director, Ms. Kang Yonghua, has more than 30 years of experience in the industry; the vice president, Mr. Wei Ye Trung, has been in charge of development planning and logistics transport, and the glass industry has been in charge of over 28 years, and vice-presidents, Wei Chi Minh and Zhao Changhai, are in charge of development planning and technology development, as well as Weichen.
In addition, the company’s other core management has been in the company for many years, with their respective responsibility for solid sedimentation and solid corporate development. Companies have put in place sound and effective shareholder return mechanisms, with a cash share of over 50% in 2023.
In 2022, the company’s board of directors developed the Shares’ Return Plan for the next three years (2022-2024). According to the company’s annual report, in 2023, the company intends to find a gold dividend of 3.80 yuan (including taxes) and a cash dividend for every 10 shares of all shareholders.
The rapid growth in the photovoltaic sector led to high corporate growth. In 2023, the company earned $21,522 million, compared to 2023, of the company’s other products, engineering glass, mining glass, floating glass and furniture glass, with 2.7 per cent of the share, profit-making phase stress, and high cost-control capacity.
The impact of these factors is that the company ' s Māori and Mothers ' net profit rates in 2023 were 21.8 per cent and 12.8 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period last year.
According to the crowd, by the end of 2023, the capacity of light-voltage glass was about 998 million tonnes/d, and by the end of April 2024, 114,000 tonnes/d. Throughout the year, the projected capacity for new ignition in 2024 was over 40,000 tonnes/d, mainly in terms of the supply of light, Foret, the flag band, etc. However, the actual pace of ignition and landing is subject to supply and prices, and production is expected to take place.
At the end of the supply, we believe that the glass is constrained by factors such as profit bearing, heavy asset investment, and policy constraints.
The bottom was the first to fall high, while the price of polycrystal silicon fell at about the end of 2022. Compared to profitability, smooth glass Māori, which declined in profitability, or affected the willingness of some firms to invest.
2) Heavy asset input: In terms of asset structure, the proportion of liquid liquid assets in glazing glass is about 40%, significantly below the industrial chain, and other businesses reflect the characteristics of their heavy assets. In addition, according to company announcements such as Fullet, Flagham Group, Keysin New Energy, construction of a 1,200-ton kiln or more will require investment of approximately $1 billion or more.
The size of the money and the relatively difficult market environment for immediate financing are under greater pressure for new production lines. 4 announcements for the construction of 1200 tons of light-voltage assembly glass per day; Fullet bulletin for the construction of six 1200 tons of light-voltage glass per day; Flagham group announcement for the construction of 2 new 1200t/d light-voltage glass production lines; and Flaghammer group
Proclamation on the Investment in the Construction of a 1200t Photovoltaic Glass Production Line, and Kae Sein New Energy Policy Limitations on Investment in the Construction of Solar Photovoltaic Batts by Holding Companies: At the end of 2017, the Ministry of Technology issued a Circular on the Means of Implementation for the Distribution of Power Exchanges in the Steel and Cement Glass Industry, which requires that reductions or equivalent replacements be implemented for new production capacity.
In May 2023, the Ministry of Industry and Communications, the CDRC issued a circular on early warning of the risks of further photovoltaic pressure on glass production, a series of policies that regulate the speed at which optical glass production is released and discourages it.
The first and second batch of projects, with a capacity of 2.1 tons per day, and the third batch of 12 projects, with a capacity of 2.5 tons per day.
As a result of these factors, only 1,000 tons of silicon production has been brought into operation, and none of the remaining projects have been set on fire, so, despite the fact that the hearings have revealed that the scale of the projects has increased in batches, the actual overall pace of production has not been as high as expected.
On the demand side, with sustained efficiency gains in the photovoltaic sector, the volume of photovoltaics continues to be highly innovative, supported by national and regional policies. According to cpia data, the global installation of 390gw in 2023 grew by 69.6 per cent compared to the previous year; according to the National Energy Agency, the global demand for photovoltaics was 525gw, 641gw in 2025, assuming a penetration rate of 72 per cent and 80 per cent of the two-faced components, respectively.
The ratio of 2.0 mm glass increased to 81% and 87% respectively, and the demand for glass was estimated to be 2564 and 31.15 million tonnes respectively.According to the preceding statistics, we expect nominal production of light-voltage glass to be around 12wt/d by the end of 2024, but considering the impact of a large number of fires, which are located in the second half of the year and are able to climb the slopes, we expect effective production to be around 10.5wt/d in 2024.
According to inventory data, the turnover days of our optical glass industry began to decline rapidly after spring, from 22 days at the end of February to about 15 days at the end of March. For the second and third quarters of the year, the demand for the components is high, and the projected swing days are expected to continue down, as shown in figure 15: China ' s monthly stock of photovoltaic glass industry (tonnes)
Figure 16: Monthly turnover days (days) for China ' s optical glass industry 2.2 industries as a whole, with a greater advantage for the head business raw materials and fuel are the main components of the cost of light glass.
Costs and labour costs account for 41%, 41%, 14%, and 4% of costs, respectively. The breakdown of raw materials shows 45%, 26%, 5%, and 2% respectively for pure alkaline, quartz, white cloud, limestone, etc. For fuel, the main use of natural gas is the price of natural gas and therefore the price of pure alkaline is an important factor affecting the cost of light glass.
Research and analysis of the chain of production, Shenzhen, Shanxi, Shanxi, Shenzhen, Shanxi, and the lower prices of pure and natural gas are expected to lead to a reduction in production costs.
In the case of natural gas, the heating season is over, and prices are expected to fall seasonally. In the context of industry-wide lower-cost recovery, leading firms have a more significant cost advantage.
1) High-quality, low-quality ore deposits are less accessible in the country, mainly in Guangdong, Guangxi, Anhui, Hainan, etc. The distribution of high-quality ore ore fields is limited, there is a certain difference in the prices of external purchases and self-supply of stone ore ore from the conglomerate company, which started in 2011 with the deployment of the ore ore ore resources upstream to secure supply.
The chain is secure. In 2022, the company acquired 2.6 million tonnes/year and 4 million tonnes/year of resources from the Great China Mining and Trio Mining, and won the right to mine the new 13th glass-grade quartz in the Lingshan-Kai Hill Mine, Angju County, for a total of 11.6 million tonnes/year.