China City (601088): Retrace the source and cross the divide of brotherhood.
The company is the world's leading coal-based integration, from mining to end-use, and the coal goes through the process of spatial transfer and re-consumption.
Selling companies, which are the world's largest coal in terms of sales, have similar production and consumption, powered coal from mining to end consumption can be divided into “resource acquisition”, “investment” and listed companies, with China's largest quantity of high-quality coal.
In the case of coal companies, “resource purity” is the carbon stock. China’s strategic objective is to “build one without creating value. The two links between “resource access” and “resource transfer” are coal.
A world-class clean energy provider.” Highlights for the next three to six months: first part value; in “resource transfer”, transport costs constitute another part value.
To benefit from the addition of high-quality coal resources/scale effects and a higher rate of mining, the company produces coal itself, which is far below the industry average, at an average price of $113 per tonne, and is third in the industry. Companies produce coal themselves with a significant price advantage at the end of the “source acquisition”: coal production is the highest in the country, and mining costs are the highest in the industry.
Three lows. Based on the integration of home-owned railways-ports, the company's coal is less costly and has a higher retention value in the “resource transfer” process. Rail-port internalization guarantees the company's coal “downwater” at very low cost, effectively extending the company's coal transport radius and expanding potential end-use.
The primary source of the extractive industry is the process of extracting and transferring resources from nature. The company’s cost advantages at the “source acquisition” and “resource transfer” ends guarantee stability of performance, stability of performance.
The profit mix, full and undistributed profits, determine the firm’s stable share of the profits. The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, China (601088): Retrace the source and cross the divide.
Coal, a natural porter, can be compared to barrel water in the whole life course of 1.1 coal The process of coal from extraction to end consumption is a process of diversion and reuse of the resource space, similar to the production of barrel water. Coal, especially power.
Coal, the entire life course of which corresponds to the consumption of barrel water production: Both primary coal mining and mountain spring collection are natural mining processes that can be considered “resource acquisition.” Coal washing and spring sterilization are manual processes that can be considered “resource purification”.
Coal transport and barrel water are the processes of product transport and can be considered “resource transfer.” Coal consumption and barrel water consumption are also the processes of end consumption and can be considered “resource consumption”. Figure 1: Coal mining vs barrel water production
Throughout the resource cycle, “resource-purification” turns undrinkable water into drinkable water in barrels of water, and in coal, the useless fractions of coal, sulfur-containing mines, etc., are removed from the original coal, making the primary coal more clean and hot-valued. This process is not like the “deep processing” of the chemical, material and material industries, but rather a process of “purification” of the available components of the resource.
The value of the process can be quantified by calculating the difference between the price of the process and the price of the original coal. The Shinto Base is one of the country's largest high-quality coal bases, and the value that we can create through the process of washing coal in the Kyogi and Dong-won areas is smaller than in the whole country. In the case of the East, let's use it as an example.
The price of coal from its plate, minus 1.4 times the price of coal from the pit, estimates the price difference (not taking into account short-distance swing costs from the pit to the plate stage, which are calculated to be high), which is lower than $50 a year from 2010 onwards, with price reversals since the second half of 2016. So, for coal companies, the process of washing coal may not even have created value.
For coal companies, the process of “resource purity” does not create value, and the value of coal depends mainly on “resource access” and “resource transfer”.
The spatial mismatch of 1.2 resources has resulted in a high cost of transporting coal in China, where coal-producing areas are concentrated in the centre and west, and coal-producing areas in the south-east. In 2018, more than 1 billion tons of coal-producing provinces in China were Shanxi, Inner Mongolia and Shaanxi (the tri-western region), all located in the central and western regions.
The distribution of coal resources in the country has created the current state of our “iron-water transport.” The Three-West Areas are our main exterior areas, exceeding the country's coal outbound areas.
Three-quarters of the country’s out-of-coal transfers, usually from rail transport to the Rim Sea port to the south-east. Despite the construction of a new Monhua Railway, it is expected that the next two to three years will continue to be hampered by support structures such as railway stations, which will fail to deliver hundreds of millions of tons of grade capacity.
At present, the Qin line and the Qin yellow line remain the two most important coal transport routes for our country. The Qin and Quang railways cross the border. The Qin and Quang are bound to cross the south-east sea ports three seas. The distance from the Qin line leads to high transport.
Costs, which typically include more than 30% of the cost of coal in the east of China. For example, in the north-north region, coal is transported to the east of China by means of a combined iron-water transport of more than $200, while in the south-east, the local coal market price is only about 350 yuan, while the cost of shipping coal abroad is more than 57% relative to the local market.
Our coal is concentrated in the three western regions, and the demand for coal is in the south-east. Space mismatches lead to the status quo of “iron water combined” with very long distances leading to high costs. For coal companies, therefore, the process of “resource transfer” controls the transport costs of transport, the transport of coal.
The radius will be longer, the effective demand side will expand, and the returns will be more stable.
The company’s domestic coal resources are mainly located in the central and northern regions of Inner Mongolia, which belong to the Chinese Shinto-dong coal base, which is the country’s largest high-quality gas-powered coal field. The company’s mining area is divided into the following three categories:
A further 2% of the high-quality coal production capacity, which is all open-air coal production, is made up of all well miners. In summary, the company’s high-quality coal resources are found in high-hot, high-quality coal production, high-value coal self-value: low-hot, brown-coal production.
Coal values are not high, but they are all open-air mines with low mining costs.
Figure 8: Net transfers from provinces of coal in China, in addition to the fact that the company's single-mines are large and the coal layers are thick and have a large scale effect and a high mechanization rate. The Shinto Base itself has a thick coal layer, a concentration of coal resources that is suitable for mechanization. The company owns 24 mines in the country, the number of mines in the country being the first; the single-mine production capacity is 1290.
The company has also continued to upgrade its capacity for autonomous innovation, and has played a significant role in regional automation projects, digital mining demonstration projects, intellectual integration and development projects, cutting-edge and “one-stop” communication technologies, and in new technological projects, such as cutting-edge technology and “one-stop” communications, and has achieved important results, and has already played a significant role in the safe production and reduction of efficiency gains.
The source of financial growth in the East is the third largest in the industry. Companies produce their own coal at the end of the “resource acquisition” value, mainly because they have the third lowest mining output in the industry and the largest coal production in the country. Companies produce their own coal at the end of the “resource acquisition” with a significant price advantage.
2.2 The integration of production and transport creates a “resource transfer” value for the company, which accounts for 79% of the country's own productive capacity. At the same time, the company's multi-circle radiation railways are finally on track, the two most important of which are the “West Coal East” routes.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the integration of production and transportation, enables companies to transport coal at cost. Compared to the main east-west coal route, the company uses its own logs.
The cost of transporting coal to the port of Huang Yu is US$ 110.68, while the cost of transporting coal to the port is US$166.6, the cost of the line is US$ 215, and the cost of the line is US$ 220. The cost of transporting coal to the company has a significant advantage. At the same time, the port of Huang Yu, which is connected to the line, and the port of Shun Hua Tianjin, which is connected to the railway, is controlled by the company (70% and 55% respectively).
A port of its own can also save companies the corresponding port charges and freight charges for coal reactors. Table 3: Analysis of coke costs
China’s Senghua (601088): Retraced the source of the mining, crossing the gap between the commons, based on the integration of its own railway-ports, where the company’s coal is less costly and has a higher retention value in the process of “resource transfer.” The internalization of railway-port guarantees the company’s coal “down water” at very low cost, effectively extending the company’s coal transport radius and expanding its potential
2.3 Low-cost, steady profit-making, and steady profit-making from the value end of the company's “resource access” — mainly in the company's ownership of the third lowest mining cost in the industry and the country's largest coal production — and the value end of the “resource transfer” — mainly in the model of integration of the company's own railway-port, which reduces the company's coal production
Transport costs. Coal production is a natural removal process, and the greater control of the costs of mining and transportation, the greater the transport radius and the more demand for efficiency, the greater the profitability and the greater the stability of the profits over the cycle. Looking back at the decade, the weighted Māori rate for the company “coal plus transport” was higher than the average Māori rate for coal mining and washing and was somewhat sensitive to the cycle.
Less than the industry average. During the same period, the company operated cash flows of more than $50 billion per year; and undistributed profits grew steadily, with an annual growth rate of 16 per cent over 10 years, and sufficient undistributed profits guaranteed a firm's long-term stable dividends.
Since 2008, the company has maintained an interest payment rate of more than 30 per cent, adding to its good performance, and the company's dividends rate is constant.
There is a tendency to increase the difference between the interest rate of the company’s dividends and the rate of interest of the benchmark, above the one-year benchmark interest rate set by the People’s Bank. East’s financial and intellectual boom, China (601088).
The primary source of the extractive industry is the process of obtaining and transferring resources from nature. The cost advantages of a company at the “resource acquisition” and “resource transfer” ends guarantee stability of performance, which guarantees a sufficient flow of operating cash to the company and sufficient cash flow to the company.
Full and undistributed profits, full and undistributed profits, determine firm’s stable dividends. Domestic coal prices are volatile; macroeconomic growth is not as fast as expected.
Eung Heung Securities Deep Report, China (601088): Retrace the source and cross the divide.
A four-dimensional witness, three years of experience in the chemical industry.
Xu Kunlen Benko and M.A. were both in the Department of Chemical Engineering at the University of Qinghua, formerly in the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three-year experience in the management of chemical technology development, M.A. in the Department of Chemistry at the University of Qinghua, two papers in journals such as Chemicalscience, and a member of the China Chemical Council.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.