Investment rating: Purchase (maintain) August 28, 2025, Voice Holdings announcement, semi-annual report 2025. Corporate performance in 2025 improved, and the ai and diversity opened up new growth space.
Compared to the trend of 300 deep, companies are ranked third among global mobile branders, with smart machines occupying 7.9% of the global smart market, and sixth among them. In African markets, companies are ranked in the lowest position in the African smart market.
First place. In South Asia, Pakistan's smart market is ranked first; Bangladesh's smart market is ranked first: India's smart market is ranked eighth.
Extended items such as accessories have the advantage of flow, channels, etc. The company's business eco-model, “Mobile Internet Services + Households, Digital Parts”, has been initially shaped through user-to-user marketing and good interaction, further reinforcing the company's competitive advantage.
It has three major brands: tecno, itel, infinix, created a digital component brand oraimo, after-sale service brand carlcare, and home appliances brand syinix, and developed its own smart terminal operating systems such as hios, itelos, and xos, as well as its own application platform.
Innovative and user-focused product positioning, with a high degree of user loyalty on the company’s brand, is the company’s unique competitive advantage. A new product released in June of that year has been widely installed, and has sunk to a low- and medium-end machine.
"Pull-a" development of smart assistant ella, video enhancement, smart question-and-answer sessions, multilingual roll-out of overseas markets, expected ai empowerment plus 2. Global emerging market headlines, multi-faceted.
The company’s long-term growth is expected, maintaining a firm’s “buy-in” rating. Market competition is too predictable; market expansion is less than expected; product prices are less than expected; and upstream parts and components are expected.
Price fluctuations are more than anticipated; cost-side controls are less than expected. Using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from open information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these information or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.