e-consumption e-consumption & non-financial companies & E-consumption e-consumption e-consumption e-consumption e-consumption e-consumption & non-financial companies & e-consumption control 688036.sh)
In the first half of 2025, the company managed to collect $29,077 million.
The idc data set shows that companies held 12.5% of the global mobile market in the first half of 2025.
The producers ranked third, with smart machines accounting for 7.9% of the global smart market, and sixth. The second half is expected to return to high levels of traditional advantage markets represented by Africa and sustain the dividends of market growth, based on emerging market season characteristics and the Fed’s expectation of increased purchasing power in the second half of the year: Canalys
The data show that African smartphone markets grew steadily in the second quarter of 2025, rising from 7 per cent to 19.2 million, making them one of the best performers in the world, with 51 per cent of the cities ranked first, far above 18 per cent of the second three stars. Moreover, Africa’s market as a whole is still rising, except for the increase in penetration.
The Fed is also expected to lead to market rehabilitation, with reference to Canalys data, 2021, when the Fed stopped raising interest rates, and the market began to repair, with 74.7 million deliveries throughout the year. At present, with the Fed’s expectations of interest reduction, we believe that Africa’s smart market will continue to rise.
New markets in South-East Asia continue to expand: Canalys data show that, in the second quarter of 2025, the volume of East and South Asia markets was 25 million, a slight decline of about 1 per cent compared to the same period last year, with a sound spread of 4.5 million, with 18 per cent being the second largest share, a reverse growth of 17 per cent, and a city with only 1 pc.
In the Philippines, Indonesia and other countries, 37% and 20% of the cities are located in the first and googlecloud, respectively, where the ai ecology is transformed from a hardware manufacturer to an ai+ terminal plus service. From a deep custom system based on android, to help developers with flow realization abroad through googleads.
Now, in the face of the third qualitative change in the wave, cooperation between the two sides is moving towards an entirely new dimension -- a new generation of an intelligent ecology that will think proactively and can operate automatically. This cooperation includes the use of Googlecloud's ai technology (e.g. the gemini series model, magen, and Veo).
Building an advanced system architecture that supports multi-module interactions and works to create the next generation of i-intelligent ecology that enables i-phones to solve complex tasks and become user “close housekeepers”. In addition, soundings use google advertising tools to enhance the efficiency of their digital platform operations and use Googlecloud technology.
\triangleright describes my personal perceptions of the subject matter securities and issuers. I work diligently and professionally, using information on legal compliance, and produce this report independently and objectively.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.