Quarterly review 2023: the positive impact of the new guidelines exceeded expectations,  incident: China ' s safe disclosure of the first quarterly report 2023: realization of parent operating profits (opat) 41,385 million yuan, caliber), net profit-opat differences are short-term investment fluctuations (3208 million yuan), 1o23 life insurance and wealth
New standards are expected to affect the overall positive side of expectations.  Retroactivity of performance over the same period under the new standards. 1q22 net return on profit increased retroactively from $20,658 million to lubricant and net asset release, thanks to the introduction of new accounting standards for financial instruments by companies in early 2018, the new standards
The application of retroactive increases in the base for the same period is mainly due to changes in the use of discount rates in the old and new guidelines, as well as the introduction of new insurance contract measures with direct participation and a red feature to reduce fluctuations in net profits.  We have set up a profit-source analysis framework under the new guidelines, and the investment spread contribution has been reversed as a gain or loss as a net gain in the current period.
The total net profit on life insurance under the new 1q23 guidelines increased by 94 per cent, of which the net profit on 1q23 was 106 per cent on the same basis, benefiting from a “carry-over” from a deficit to $426 million, a 7 per cent decline in the profit contribution on life insurance insurance, and a projected decrease in the revenue from insurance services amortized in the current period; and a net profit on 1q23 was equal to the net profit on the financial risk.
This represents an increase of 46 per cent and a significant decrease of 58 per cent in insured profits over the same year, but a significant increase of $365-3552 million in fiscal “rate spreads” over the same year. The net profit contribution of corporate insurance as a whole was 86.7 per cent.
Growth of 21.1 per cent, a more prudent actuarial assumption of adjustment at the end of 2022), attributed to a 27.9 per cent increase in the same year in nbv-fyp, which benefited from a steady recovery in post-influenza residents ' premium consumption; a 3.7 pct. to 20.9 per cent decrease in the same year in nbv-margin; and a value-rate burden that is largely based on lower interest rates and high financial volatility.
As a result of the increase in savings-based operations. The firm implementation of the 4-channel plus 3 product strategy, the effect of the reforms has gradually been shown, with the end-of-cycle risk teams falling by 9.2% to 404,000 people compared to the end of the year, but with 1q23 per capita capacity rising by 37.2% and per capita income increasing by more than 10%. 1q23 silver insurance, community grids and others.
The ISP is still not fully cleared. The 1023 Safebirth Insurance covers insurance service income of $76,312 million, which is assessed in terms of a robust rate of increase in profit and resilience, pct.), mainly to ensure that there is an increase in payments for insurance operations.
At the end of the period, net parent assets increased by 5.2 per cent to $914.32 million compared with the beginning of the year.
Figure 2: Analysis of the drivers of profit growth in parent operations: 1q23 (in millions of yuan) Figure 3: Corporate time-point manpower is still declining (in thousands) Figure 4: Year-to-day life and health insurance new business value ratios are on par
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board