The new business values are returning to positive growth, the new guidelines are turning to the end of the debt, and events: China is safe to publish its first quarterly report in 2023, and the group is back to its mother-to-child business in the first quarter of 2023.
The company has been formally implementing the Enterprise Accounting Standard 25 - \triangleright Insurance Contract (hereinafter referred to as “new standards”) since 1 January 2023, in accordance with the bridging regulations of the new insurance contract guidelines.
A retroactive adjustment was made to the company ' s financial statements for the year 2022. The results of the 1q23 life insurance reform under the new standards show a positive recovery in the value of the new business. The group achieved a return to the mother ' s operating profit of $41.385 billion in the first quarter of 2023, i.e. 3.4 per cent.
A new business value of $13.702 billion, or +8.8 per cent, was realized in the first quarter of 2023 for life and health insurance operations. (The long-term guaranteed product, represented by the heavy-risk risk, remains under pressure in the broader context of the same restructuring, if the new business value is restated by end-of-year assumptions and methodologies in the previous quarter.)
During the opening period, savings-type products were mainly sold, and the company, though under a small strain, relied on better new forms of performance to achieve a positive increase in the value of its new business. Life insurance agents continued to operate with optimal quality, and major channels such as insurance, silver insurance, etc. were new in the first quarter of the year.
The value of services has grown positively, with the silver insurance channel nbv showing a particularly bright performance, achieving a significant increase in the same year, with 1q23 silver insurance, community grids and others accounting for 16.9 per cent of the value of the new business of life insurance and +5.4 ptt.
The company continues to build a health-care environment based on the Group's health-care eco-circle, with a dynamic “insurance plus services” building into differentiated competition, and a management-based medical model continues to develop. The company continues to improve the health-circle and has been able to meet the needs of its clients through three core services: “Insurance plus health management/home-based old-age/high-end old-age.”
By the end of March 2023, the company’s home-based old-age services had covered 47 cities throughout the country, and the Shanghai Qingling City project was officially launched in February 2023. At the same time, the Chinese version of the "hmo" model was deepened, based on the synergies between the health and insurance sources of the group.
The Hong Kong model is combined with financial payments to provide one-stop medical and health services to clients. We believe that Sunda Securities Inc., Inc., built its “Chinese version of hmo” by integrating services such as medical care, health management and old-age pension.
We're looking forward to further acceleration, and we're looking forward to continuing the upgrading of integrated services through leading technology, perfecting the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing.
The insurance premium for maternity insurance has grown steadily, and the quality of operations and wind management has remained good.
Income from the realization of the safe birth insurance premium was $76.312 billion, or +13.6 per cent of the year; combined cost of the insurance based on the new insurance contract and guidelines (cor) 98.7 per cent, or +2.0 pct, or more, as a result of the increase in the cost of the insurance operations affected by changes in the market environment.
On balance, we believe that the quality of safe production is still well-maintained, that companies are expected to continuously upgrade their operations through measures such as enhanced business management, risk screening, etc. The volatility of capital markets puts pressure on investment returns, and that long-term matching is further optimized.
\triangleright Insurance Fund portfolio of over $4.49 trillion, compared with +3.1 per cent at the beginning of the year, is still driven by liabilities, maintains long-term investments, continuously optimizes asset-liability matching of insurance funds, actively allocates public debt,
Long-term assets such as local government debt and further optimization of the long-term asset-liability period. Investment proposal: firm corporate push for the "4-channel+3 product" reforms, enhanced product innovation and channels \triangleright
In January 2023, the value of new companies’ ventures changed from one year to the next, the silver insurance channels grew from the same time, the corporate financial model deepened, and the client’s business performance continued to grow.
Growth continues. The company’s ongoing reforms drive a full recovery in socio-economic activity, with life-risk liabilities, core indicators such as nbv gradually warming, and we believe that with an integrated financial model, companies are on track to achieve robust growth, and we believe that the group nbv is on track to increase by the same year throughout 2023.
We believe that the current valuation adequately reflects pessimistic prognosis risk factors: pro-agent growth and qualitative improvement are not as high as expected; and life risk reform is not as high as expected;
\triangleright Table 1: Main changes under the old and new guidelines for the main subjects of the profit table (million yuan) Table 2: Main changes under the old and new guidelines for the main subjects of financial investment (million yuan)
In November 2019, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre. Chimong State, Master ' s degree in economics, Shandong University, Master ' s degree in economics, Ange School of Higher Business, France, three years of non-banking financial research experience.
He was employed in Tianfeng securities, joined the Sunda securities in August 2022 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Zhang Kaijing, Master ' s degree in economics, Wuhan University, Master ' s degree in actuarial sciences, Boston University, four years of experience in the actuarials sector, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the non-bank financial sector.
Liao Yiu, Master of Arts, National University of Singapore, and Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, are enrolled in the University of Zhejiang School of Honour and the Financial Science Experiment. Experiences are related to leasing, private collection, banking, and securities.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.