New products, new customers, steady progress, profitable cars (600741.sh)
Events: Companies issued financial reports for the year 2023, achieving operating income of $168,594 million for the year, +6.52 per cent for the year, +7.14 million for the year, +0.15 per cent for the year, and a declining share of the system, with a steady increase in diversification of clients and multi-product strategy-led companies.
Qin Ji-Quan, with a diversified client structure: the share of the company's gas system has been declining in recent years, with the three main clients of the company's total revenue in 2021-2023.
The company’s revenue at the end fell slightly, far above the decline in sales, and its profile highlighted the diversity of the company’s supply, the increasing value of its bicycles, and the stability it created. On the one hand, we believe that with the rising share of the public and the new energy vehicles, the types of new energy parts supplied by the company, on the other hand, are increasing.
On the other hand, companies have been breaking through the brake systems, new energy core parts, smart products, etc., gaining more fixed points and opening up income growth spaces. 2023 in electric and intelligent parts expansion: smart cabins, modularization, system defusion.
The program achieves volume matching of client projects; smart lighting, achieves state-of-the-art digital full-colour interactivity; landlight products, package production; intelligent driving support, autonomous development of pre-radars, agular radars, cabins
New products, such as internal vital signs detection radar, electrical doors to avoid collision radar, have been produced and initial development of a solid-state laser radar design, testing and validation of R & D capability has been established; in the area of power-driven systems, new acquisition of G.S.S., running car power control and high voltage power plant projects have been targeted and successfully promoted in the Great Wall.
The product restructuring caused short-term fluctuations in the Māori rate. In 2023, the company’s five major operations, both internal and external accessories/metal compositions, were developed.
On the move, the Māori rate for electronics has increased from 3.26 pct to 13.76 per cent on the same basis, but the growth rate in the company's traditional product base has slowed along with the higher costs of labour, materials, energy, etc. abroad, which has led to a decline in Māori rates, which are significantly higher than those for traditional appliances, which we believe to be accompanied by electricization, intelligent parts and components.
In 2023, corporate sales/management/finance/research and development (R & D) increased and R & D rates decreased mainly due to successive delivery periods for major prior R & D projects.
The research and development needs for new projects have been reduced, and the company’s effective control of the cost rate has stagnated some of the decline in the Māori rate, maintaining a steady profitability. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively with diligence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.