Colon Pharmaceutical Industry (002422), which is driven by a number of factors by high performance, high price-for-priced product-based, fast-for-performance, and sodium chloride sodium left-oxyfluoride injection fluid-for-priced
During the reporting period, corporate infusion generated operating income of $945,153,800, a decrease of 459,209 per cent, and a Māori rate of 66.50 per cent. Left-oxyfluoride sodium chloride injection in corporate infusion was incorporated into the fifth round of national collections in 2021, and sales in the selected areas increased significantly in exchange for prices.
There are currently 293 products in the national health catalogue; in the collection area, as of the first eight batches, 43 products were in the national collection, covering more than 10 disease areas. Of these, the seventh and eighth batches of companies received 11 and 7 products, respectively.
The continued optimization of the non-infusion product structure, the continuous increase in sales, the recovery of the price of the company's raw materials, and the recognition of the income from the Collombote R & D project of its subsidiary, drive the firm's overall performance to increase rapidly
The “innovation-driven” strategy continued, with internationalization cooperation on the adc platform continuing unabated. During the reporting period, corporate R & D costs amounted to $1.795.084 million, an increase over the same period last year. 38 batches, 3 clinical batches, 41 declared production; 38 production batches included
Performance has grown rapidly, with many innovation patents authorized overseas - 26 generic pharmaceutical batches and 12 consistent evaluation batches. In innovation research and development, companies now have 33 new drug research and development pipelines, including 9 small molecular drugs and 24 biomolecular drugs.
Between January 2022 and the end of March 2023, 12 clinical studies were carried out in major areas of disease such as malignant neoplasms, thiram, and autoimmune and inflammation.
The SADC technology platform was endorsed by the international leading innovation firm msd. From 1 January 2022 to 31 March 2023, the company completed up to nine adc projects with msd. Corporate research and development innovation as a whole is well under way and is expected to be enriched as the company ' s self-research project progresses into the harvest period.
On December 27, the company's controlling subsidiary, Ishai Trunchin Biotechnology Co. Ltd., successfully listed at the start-up board.
On February 24, the company’s controlling subsidiary, Sichuan Colombote, with limited shares in biopharmaceuticals, submitted an application for listing to the Hong Kong branch. The company’s overall strategic layout was well planned, and the controlling company’s corporate division was phased out, which, on the one hand, was expected to optimize the company’s financing structure and increase the company’s competitive edge;
The industry is the leading industry in the country, with a shift to innovative medicine, and progress in research and development. The Chinese Securities and Medicine Team, which covers the entire medical plate, has developed, after years of sedimentation, a more sophisticated research and analysis system, with a wide range of coverage, a unique vision, and a variety of other features.
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
A person or a resident. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese security unless otherwise indicated.