The sales are still in the forefront of the industry. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright October 23, 2025
\triangleright yuan; as of the third quarter of 2025, corporate cash flows amounted to $6,977 million, compared to the same year of 2024, in which the core urban projects were actively acquired, and the reserve was sufficient. As of the third quarter of 2025, the company was new.
(b) By the third quarter of 2025, there were 549 projects under construction, with 4.48.3 million square metres.
On October 10, 2025, the company issued a public announcement stating that the controlling shareholder, Paulie South Group Limited, intended to hold the stock of the company at $4,512 million.
1. Paulie Development (600048.sh) Mid-Year Review 2025: Transferred to Poli Group Ltd., China, where, upon completion of this no-reimbursable transfer, the Poli Group will directly hold this public sales return and raise the ratio, deconstructing the stock in parallel with structural optimization
The corporate hierarchy has been reduced and the direct equity ratio of the parent company ' s Poli Group has been raised to help follow up on the parent company ' s announcement to the company that it will issue bonds of up to 15 billion yuan in interest-bearing debt repayments, assessments: the carry-over effect has increased and sales have stabilized in the industry
The use of corporate bond collection will help optimize the structure of corporate debt and broaden access to corporate finance.
Assessment: Increase in revenue on the same basis and steady sales to promote the company ' s continued healthy development. \triangleright
5. Pauly Development (600048.sh) 2023 Annual Report Review: Profiting is under pressure from the carryover factor, raising the proportion of red money to increase the sales of core urban core regional projects acquired in the quarter and in 2025, which will either be sold over time or in 2026-2025.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.