Reorganization of assets completed into a new phase of development Stock options incentive scheme (draft) to award up to 11.82 million shares to 954 incentive recipients
The decline in distribution + cost increases affect performance. The main reasons for the larger decline in net profits of the company in the first half of the year are: 1) the direct and indirect acquisition by the company of 14.47% of the equity of the Beijing Howie in cash, and the increase in the amount of financing, with a corresponding increase in interest expenditure of approximately $59.722 million. 2) semiconductor
In the first half of the year, semiconductor distribution generated revenues of $1,133 million, a decrease of 23.19 per cent. 3) Equity incentive costs are amortized.
High R & D investment guarantees the competitiveness of self-researching products and the trend towards stable self-research in the first half of the year. Companies have long focused on technology R & D, with R & D investment of $91 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 38.45 per cent over the same period, accounting for 5.90 per cent of revenue, with semiconductor design R & D investment accounting for semiconductor design.
The share of sales revenue is 15.89%. Sustainedly high R & D investment guarantees the competitiveness of self-research operations. The first half of the year, corporate semiconductor design operations generated revenues of about $410 million, 1.78% less than the same period the previous year.
As of the semi-annual disclosure date, the company has completed the transfer of its assets from Haowe, Spico, Beijing, and Windows. This asset reorganization has resulted in an increase in the value of assets purchased at $33.92 per unit and an increase in the value of the associated funds raised at $57.68 per unit.
The completion of asset restructuring will inject new growth momentum into the company. According to the Central Report, the company’s business is expected to grow faster, thanks to the smooth pace of imports of both the company’s 48m and 32m product customers, with Beijing’s net profit of 320 million yuan in the first half of the year.
The Sino-Soldier International Securities Company, Inc., is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.
The new product of the image sensor is not produced as much as expected, and the demand for the consumer electronic terminal is not as high as expected.