Weir Stock Exchange (603501) reports that the distribution business has stagnated its performance, and that it's along with Howie's new journey.
The decline in profits was affected by the distribution business and expected to improve in the second half of the year
Revenue from the distribution business fell by 23.19 per cent over the same period, while the acquisition of Howe technology led to a financial cost increase of about 5 g. The gradual commercialization of equipment will drive demand back on track and corporate distribution is expected to return to growth in the next two years.
Semiconductor design operations continue to increase, optimizing 26.59% of corporate business structures. Companies continuously increase R & D inputs in the field of semiconductor design, while R & D costs are sustained over the long term, at more than 15% of the operating income of the design business, and corporate power management chips and tvs are broken down separately.
Fields are among the highest in the country, and the company-owned radio frequency switches and low-noise amplifiers will be the subject of a series of in-depth research reports on the domestic dollar securities semiconductor industry (ii): long winding away and import substitution, and the successive roll-out of 5g products will have great growth potential for corporate performance growth.
Howell's technology performance is expected to break out, and M&As are synergizing, and M&As are done, and howell's technology is the world's leading producer, and the city's second largest producer.
Sony and Samsung, the trend of back-to-phone cameras has been switched to three shots and 48mp, and it is expected that the number of products from Howe Tech 48mp will reach tens of millions in the second half of the year, that HoweTech is very profitable, and that Liu Xiangqiao will be able to make a difference.
A strong corporate distribution system would facilitate the expansion of the market for Howie technology, while an advanced level of Howie's technology would enhance the design capacity of Weir's shares, and the synergy between the two would significantly enhance the company's overall competitiveness.
Considering howell’s M&As started in September, we expect a significant increase in corporate performance and competitiveness after 2019-Howe, maintaining a firm’s “uptake” rating. Downstream demand is not as high as expected, R&D is not progressing as expected, and Howell’s technology business is not growing as expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.