5g+data centre high, performance is high, profitability is significantly higher 490 million yuan, corresponding to +28.2 per cent, ring to +43.4 per cent, excluding +30.9 per cent, excluding +480 million, corresponding to +30.9 per cent.
Areas such as the centre have a high profile, with a large number of hand orders and full production capacity; 2) 5g Māori high product ratio, increased profitability; 3) copper slab operations are moving steadily and the scale effect is visible. pcb volume increases, benefiting 5g+ data centre high demand.
The sales volume of pcb for 20h1 live electronics was 392,000 square metres, compared to +16.2 per cent, with revenues of $1.91 billion, an increase of 48.6 per cent, a net profit of $299 million, a 55 per cent increase. The electronics for income had high-quality customers such as Hwa, Nakaeng, Samsung Electronics, Nokia, Fire Communications, and the expansion addressed high-end production bottlenecks, while the ratio of high-ori 5g products continued to rise.
5g telecommunications base station, server load. Live electronics are on the market, ipo projects will reach a new 10,000 square metres (1130 million yuan) after delivery. Live electronic incentives are in place, business efficiency and financing capacity will be expected to increase once marketed, profits will be realized. Traditional copper sheets are growing steadily, and high-frequency high-speed copper plates are moving well.
\triangleright 20h1 sold 4404 million square metres, 1.6 per cent more than the same year, selling 61.65 million metres of semi-stabilized tablets, 5.16 per cent more than the same year.
The company's po material was validated by the mainstream communications equipment provider, and the shipment was made in bulk. Jiang Su-sheng has been tested after the spring festival. Jiang Xisheng's first edition (carried out part of the high-speed copper sheet production), and 20h1 Quan Quan Xi's income is about $300 million, with a net profit of $2.04 million. Xiang Xi's second expansion is progressing well, with $900 million in 20H1 camp, with net profit.
The Sw printed the current market rate (ttm, general law) of the circuit board industry.
A 47-fold rating is maintained, taking into account the fact that the company is the lead company in the national copper cover sector. 2. Technology for profit (600183) 1. Industry competition has increased; 2, productive capacity is not as fast as expected; 3, risk of fluctuations in prices of raw materials; 4, exchange rate fluctuations
Review of progress: 20o1 with high growth, benefiting 5g + cloud computing, Wang Fang, chief of the electronics industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity and Investment Company Ltd., with a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.