Technology-for-profit (600183) Electronics reported strong performance growth, high-end product share up, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of the company ' s performance: The company received $6.88 billion in 2020h1, an increase of 15.2 per cent in the same year; the mother ' s net profit was 830 million yuan, an increase of 31.3 per cent in the same year, and the mother ' s non-net profit was 820 million yuan, a strong increase of 39.3 per cent in the same year.
The rapid pace of business development has enabled companies to seize market opportunities, promote technological upgrading and optimize productive capacity, and achieve improvements in the quality of their operations. (2) In a favourable communications climate, companies have continued to optimize the marketing structure of pcb products, with high-frequency high-speed ccl sales rising. 3) Companies have been able to transfer their debts to equity and interest costs have been reduced over the past year.
The company's new line of production in Jiangxi Anji will be successfully operational and its subsequent capacity will be released. The combined capacity of Jiangxi Anjpcb projects in phase one or two will be twice as high as its current e-capacity. The company's energy ceiling will be opened up and its future performance will be elastic.
High-frequency high-speed ccl demand may continue to grow, with companies q3 and year-round performance expected to continue to grow. 2020h1 affected by the epidemic, the construction of access ends such as 5g base stations has been delayed, the epidemic is now manageable, production and construction responses are expected, and the construction of 5g base stations is expected to catch up; and the impact of the epidemic has catalysed demand for cloud applications.
The explosion has increased and the demand for servers has led to the delivery of ccl; further, with the rapid growth of future car connections, the electronic demand for cars will drive ccl further, and companies are expected to increase the space to market ccl as it moves upwards.
For high-frequency high-speed ccl, most of the products are used in wireless communications, cloud servers, car electronics, etc. The monthly bulletins are available on the electronic division panel, which is currently in question. The split financing will go one step towards securing the company’s future expansion of production capacity in high-end production lines and the development of new products.
Benefit technology (600183): clear industry layout. Benefit technology (600183): pcb + two-wheeler copper plate producers are expected to continue to benefit from the high frequency high-speed trend of the pcb board under the development impact of 5g
Driving (2019-10-30) Evolution, with a huge national production alternative space, maintaining a “holding” rating. 3. Leaf technology (600183): 5g drive pcb
No one has ever received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.