On August 12, the company announced that: (1) the subsidiary's profit capital was to be acquired in cash from the company with limited shares in the Guangdong green stock (27% of the shares) to pay a price of $143 million: (2) the company's profit capital was to be increased to the subsidiary's profit capital.
At $150 million, after the completion of this replenishment, the registered capital of the profit capital was changed from $23.7 million to $305.7 million.The core capacity of the acquisition bid is hazardous waste treatment, complementary to the company’s main business.
The core low-temperature pyrolysis technology, which is based on paint slags, oil sludge, etc., and the core polymetallic recovery technology, which is based mainly on circuit boards, such as copper, tin, arsenic, gold, silver, platinum, and platinum, are 300,000 tonnes/yearly hazardous. After this acquisition was completed, the company held 43.65% of the stockholdings in Guangdong Green Shrine, and became its controlling shareholder in 2019.
In our view, the pcb industry generates more solid waste, the metal contained in the circuit board itself has a high recycling value, and the company complements the Guangdong Green Shrine business and has synergies that contribute to the company’s environmental and social sustainability.
The value of the acquisition bid is reasonable and the performance commitment is high The corresponding value is $143 million and, given its unprofitable value and the weight of assets such as equipment, the pb valuation method was used, the value of the acquisition in 2019 was 1.95 times the value of the pb to be purchased and 2.24 times the value of the sw environmental engineering and service industry.
The main copper plate industry grew with a high degree of certainty, benefiting from the 5g capital and high-profile data centre \triangleright traditional new-product capacity of the copper sheet, which continued to climb up the slope and benefited from the replacement and downstream extension of the pcb national product.
The business efficiency and financing environment will be expected to improve continuously, benefiting 5g capital and data centre heights.
The current market rate (ttm, general approach) for the production of circuit boards is 47 times higher in the reference sw industry, which maintains a company's “recommended” rating, taking into account that the company is the lead firm in the country in the copper-plating field.1 Increased competition in the industry: 2, less productive than expected: 3, risk of price fluctuations in raw materials: 4, risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
1. E-Technology (600183) E-Technology: Performance meets expectations, 5g+ Data Centre 2. E-Technology (600183) E-Technology
DG: 20h1 performance report meets expectations, benefits. Corporate financial statement data projections aggregate, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in Eastern Securities Co. Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investment Co. Ltd., and acquired the Chinese University of Science and Technology
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.