20h1 performance report meets expectations, benefiting 5g from high-profile performances and significant increases in profitability
q2 significant improvement in performance mainly benefited from: 1) 5g commercial-driven pcb high profile, with a large number of hand orders and full capacity; 2) optimized product structure and increased profitability; 3) growth in copper-plating operations, scale effects
5g commercial + server demand is high, driving the pcb sales up; e-commerce has high-quality customers such as China, China, Samsung, Nokia, Fire Communications, expanding production to address high end product capacity bottlenecks; high Māori 5g products continue to increase, benefiting 5g communications base stations, server release, etc.
Two hundred and forty-two million yuan, or +42 per cent, is a net profit to the mother, or 110 million yuan, or +59 per cent. The income-generating electronics project is expected to be on the market. The ipo fund-raising project will add a high-speed, high-density pcb production capacity of 348,000 square metres (up to 1.9 billion yuan) after the birth of the 5-g area and a multi-layer production capacity of 53.53 million square metres (1130 million yuan).
The high-frequency high-speed coating plate ratio has increased, and the roll-out has been successful.
The high-frequency high-speed coatings have made important breakthroughs in orders and customers, with product structures continuously optimized and revenue-sharing continuously increased. The company ' s po material has been certified by mainstream communications equipment providers and has been delivered in bulk. Jiang So Se Seong's first phase of planning production capacity of 1 million square metres, which has gone well since it came into operation in June of 1919.
After the spring season, the test product (with part of the high-speed coating of copper) is well under way. The traditional coating board benefits from the expansion of the pcb plant downstream, with a steady increase in the volume of shipments.
1. Technology benefits (600183) 1. Increased competition in industry: 2, less than expected: 3, risk of price fluctuations in raw materials: 4, Exchange rate: 20q1 high growth, benefit 5g plus cloud computing
2. E-Technology and Technology (600183) (Public) Review: Fulfilled performance, benefiting from 5g capital building, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in Eastern Securities Co. Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investment Co. Ltd., and acquired the Chinese University of Science and Technology
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.