Information technology (IT) hardware and equipment: new energy release + product structure optimization, communications landscape growth robust event: operating income of $6,879 million in the first half of 2020, 15.16 per cent more than in the first half of 2020
The epidemic has not changed the downstream demand climate, and the production-upgrading-product-optimal support company has grown robustly. While the new coronary epidemic in the country has had a negative impact on some of the company’s products downstream in the first half of the year, there are still better orders in the areas of communications, base stations, data centres, and medical devices.
Now, the company adjusts its marketing and production strategies in a timely manner, according to the distribution of downstream orders, so that the existing production lines maintain a better crop rate, while the additional production capacity is effectively released, with the sale of 44,049.09 million different categories of copper, semi-solidated tablets and printed circuit boards, respectively, in the first half of the year.
16.21 per cent, while the product structure of the company was optimized with the high frequency of high-frequency and idc high-speed development of the 5g-based station tablets and cards, with the Māori rate of coatings and glue products during the reporting period
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) Short-term disturbances are not changing for the long term, and corporate performance catalysts are still present.
We point out that growth in production capacity, increase in average prices and regulation of the cost of raw materials are three factors for growth in corporate performance - 2020/02/20 - which is reflected in the company ' s performance in the first half of the year, and in the short term in the second half of the year.
Despite the perturbations in the trade relations between China and the United States, the demand for corporate products (particularly high-frequency high-speed high-value card) is expected to continue better, driven by trends in domestic production such as “new infrastructure” and “intra-cycle” production.
There is still room for improvement in the crop rate of new energy generation, in addition to years of accumulated company farming in the ccl industry to track price trends of upstream raw materials, the ability to adopt sound storage strategies and the ability to transfer costs over the past two years, which the company has promoted during the reporting period.
The Amiba business model, which aims to achieve efficiency gains, is likely to reduce or even eliminate the crowding effect of higher prices of upstream raw materials on companies’ profitability. Overall, these three elements are expected to continue in the second half of this year, and the company’s performance is to be expected.
Jiang Su-son's profits are steadily going down the slope, with high-end copper plates replacing the lead sheep. Jiang So-sung's benefits are mainly responsible for the development and production of special coatings, such as ptfe. During the reporting period, the subsidiary's output was 10,000 yuan, which represents a significant reduction in the shortfall in losses from last year's full year.
It's not easy to give a definite indication of the direction of the company's elastic growth in performance, which is expected to help the company become a substitute for national production in the high-end copper-plating field.
Profitful technology: Newly produced energy + optimized product structure, telecommunications climates that support robust growth, home-grown cosmopolitan confidence that it will be the backbone of the industry for a long time to come, and technology that will be a leader in the country's copper coatings, will certainly not be absent.
The demand for copper sheets, semi-solid tablets and pcb, the continued growth of company output in ccl and pcb over the next two years, and the continued upward trend in product structure will have the most direct impact on the growth of the company ' s income and performance, and it is expected that the company will continue to grow.
(c) Profit projections and financial indicators: Technology for profit: new energy release + product structure optimization, communications landscape for robust growth
Technology for profit: New energy release + optimized product structure, telecommunications climate for robust growth.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.