The chemolybdenum (603993ch) in the dysentery industry, which guides the production of super-expected copper and cobalt in 23 years, is a huge leap forward, and the point of view is investmentfocus.
(pleaseeappendix1forenglichsummary) Polymetal Integrated Mining Company, which develops a business model for “mines + trade”.
Mining and processing operations such as smelting. The company currently operates mainly on five continents in Asia, Africa, South America, Oceania and Europe, leading global producers of tungsten, cobalt, strontium, molybdenum and important copper, as well as in Brazil.
The leading producer of phosphorus, while the company's basic metals trade is ranked 20th in the world's top 40 (market value) ranking of the world's top mining company, 2022. • Production in 2022 meets expectations and profits continue to grow.
In terms of completion, the company’s production guidelines are conservative, with most metal varieties close to or even above the limit of the guidelines. Congolese copper and cobalt production are 254,286 tons and 20,286 tons, respectively, representing an increase of about 22% and 10%, respectively.
• Production guidelines for 2023 are over-expected and two world-class copper and cobalt mines are about to be released. tfm mixed mining project: Central has completed crude, milled base work and started grinding
The tfm copper cobalt mine will increase the average annual copper production by 200,000 tons after delivery in the second half of 2023, and the average annual cobalt production by 17 million tons.
In this connection, the project is progressing well according to the milestone nodes, the river has been rerouted to the base of the project, and the construction of mining plants, power transformers, smelters, tailings banks, etc. The kfm project will increase the annual production of copper by an average of 90,000 tons and cobalt per year after the date of delivery.
The copper industry will be the world’s largest cobalt producer, with a significant increase in the company’s copper and cobalt production. The copper industry has a good view of its supply and demand mismatching in 2023, or rising prices in the future economy.
The recovery is expected to add to the strong demand for new energy transformations, and global demand for refined copper is expected to continue to grow in the context of new energy sectors such as electric vehicles, photovoltaics and wind power, as well as downstream demand recovery in traditional industries such as real estate, and copper prices are expected to continue to rise.
Profit predictions and ratings. The Luoyang industry is a global copper and cobalt tap business, and we expect the company tfm mixed mining project and kfm copper and cobalt mining to be operational in the public year.