Non-ferrous metals in the Luoyang industry (603993) Production of mining giants released, with the advantage of procyclical growth highlighted by the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
To reach $726 million, the future continues to be the growth point for corporate profits: 3) The Ningde era became the second largest shareholder of the company, collaborating in the development of the salt lake lithium resource, and increasing the synergy of the new energy plate.
The median value was 41.55 million tons, a 50 per cent increase from 2022. After the settlement of the tfm equity dispute, the sale of copper will bring additional elasticity. On the side of the copper demand, the real estate guarantee delivers good value for the completed chain of copper consumption, the national grid plan invests more than $520 billion at an all-time high, and the demand for new energy remains high.
With limited capacity for new production at the end of copper smelting, and a tight balance between domestic supply and demand, a recovery in domestic demand will drive the price of copper in a pulsed fashion, with a year-round concentration of copper expected to remain high. China’s project is fully productive and boosts profitability: the company holds 30% of the nickel and cobalt in China.
The completion of production will be a point of growth that will widen corporate profits in the future, and promote a breakthrough in the new energy sector, making it an important bridgehead for the company to open up the Indonesian market. The edifice of depth tied to the Ninder era, where the new energy plate is synergized: 25% kfm in April 2021.
In September 2022, the Ningde Rivers indirectly held 24.68% of the shares through the Luyang Mines and became the second largest shareholder in the Department: in January 2023, the company worked with the Ningde era to develop two giant salt lakes in Bolivia.
In the source area, strategic partnerships have been established on a full-scale basis, taking advantage of the development of investments in new energy metals such as lithium, cobalt, nickel, copper, etc., to cooperate fully and actively integrate into the integrated value chain of the new energy industry.1 The mirage industry is a world-class, modern mining giant.
The company is mainly engaged in mining and processing operations such as basic metals, rare metal mining, selection, metallurgy, and mineral trading.
After the break-up and two reforms of mixed ownership, it became a private-owned, publicly-owned equity company and was listed on the Hong Kong United Exchange in 2007 and on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2012. Since it was listed, the company has been working deep on the country ' s three major mines, while actively exploring high-quality global mineral resources, and the company acquired Australia ' s npm in 2013
80 per cent shareholding in copper gold mines, acquisition of Brazilian phosphorus mines in 2016, acquisition of 56 per cent ownership of tfm copper cobalt mines in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the same year, and increase of interest to 80 per cent in 2017, acquisition of full shares in 2018 by the company of the Swiss trading company Ecosen (ixm), participation in 2019 by the company of 30 per cent of nickel and cobalt, and acquisition in 2020 of Congolese kfm copper and cobalt mines in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
95% of the shareholdings. Through sustained investment acquisition and resource consolidation, the company has created diversified mining plate layouts such as copper, cobalt, copper gold, phosphorus, nickel, cobalt, platinum, and trade.
The company has a three-step strategy to create a first-class mining enterprise. The company’s main business is in Asia, Africa, South America, Oceania, and Europe, and is currently the second largest producer of cobalt, nectar, and the world’s top seven producers of molybdenum, as well as leading copper producers.
The vision of Modern Resources, which defines the development model of “mines plus trade”, sets out the goals of the “three-step” exhibition: the first step is “building the foundations” of efficiency gains, building systems, perfect mechanisms, nesting, attracting mining elites, and generating reserves. The second step is “up-step” production that accelerates mixing of tfm.
Two world-class projects, combing and kfm copper and cobalt mining, were built and put into production. With increased capacity, the workforce was hammered in the construction of world-class projects. Modern governance, more effective regulatory companies, and global governance levels were fully elevated.
New requirements for greater development around priority areas and priority varieties to achieve the vision. Equity. Hong Kong Industrial Holdings Ltd. owns 24.69% of its shares, and Shanghai has 99% of its limited Public Holdings, which can indirectly control the Luoyang Moi industry.
The company also has the Loyang City State Finance Committee, and Hong Kong Central Clearing House Ltd. owns 16.65% of the company’s shares.
1.2 A significant increase in trade revenues, a significant increase in the Māori lead in the copper-cobalt business, a substantial increase in revenue after the acquisition of Ecosen, and a sustained increase in profitability. Following the merger of corporate and Ecoson's finances in 2019, the annual revenue was $68,677 million, an increase of 164.52 per cent over the previous year, and business income continued to grow steadily since then, in 2021.
In 2019, the company ' s acquisition of Ecosen led to a negative net return growth, which was improved year by year, with a total return net profit of $6,067 million in 2022, an increase of 18.82 per cent over the same period. Trade receipts were the first and copper and cobalt operations the Māori lead.
10,391 million yuan, or 62.08 per cent, followed by trade in refined minerals, which generated 39,917 million yuan, or 23.07 per cent, in copper- and cobalt-related products such as thorium-related products, copper- and cobalt-related products, copper- and metal-related products, mineral- and metal-based trade efficiency gains have been significant and profitability has steadily increased. In 2019, the company proposed a three-year reduction of $500 million.
After that, the company continued to implement mitigation efficiency activities in its various operating modules, using advanced and modern mining technologies, processes, equipment, and continued to consolidate low-cost operational excellence through centralized procurement, technological improvements, and management changes. The Māori rate for the copper, cobalt, zirconium, and phosphorus operations of the company has steadily increased, with an overall Māori rate of 9.29 per cent in 2022.
Rates have steadily declined and are at a lower level than their counterparts. Companies have continued to optimize their personnel structures and management systems, strictly controlling non-productive costs, and rates have shown a continuing downward trend since 2017, with a total company cost rate of only 2.36 per cent in 2022, and similar to the level of older mining enterprises such as copper, copper ore, with lower rates contributing to the enhancement of the company ' s profitability.
The company's business is divided into mining and trade. In the mining sector, the company owns 80% of the world's top tfm copper cobalt mine and 71.25% of the kfm copper cobalt mine, 80% of Australia's npm copper gold mine.
Brazil has a 100% interest in the phosphorus and nml mines and shares 30% of the Cobalt Cobalt in China, Indonesia. It owns three stubble mines, the sorghum mine and the Xinjiang mine in our country. In the trading plate, the company has a 100% interest in the third most basic metal trader in the world, Ecosen (ixm).
Figure 13: Geographical distribution of the company ' s mining resources: 2.1 Congolese copper-cobalt operations: two-mine co-development, with a concentration of production releasing over 70 per cent of the global annual production of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo operates two copper-cobalt mines: tfm and kfm. The two mines are rich in resources, have a high average grade of copper-cobalt ore, have great exploration potential and play an important role in the transformation of the company, further consolidating its position in the field of raw materials of new energy sources.
tfm copper cobalt production continues to grow. tfm is located in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and is a mining company that collects copper, cobalt ore for exploration, mining, refining, processing and marketing as one, with the main products being cathode copper and cobalt hydroxide.
Ten thousand tons, with an average grade of 2.84 per cent, and a cobalt metal reserve of 82.26 million tons, with an average grade of 0.3 per cent. The remainder of the mineral resources is recoverable for a period of 31.4 years. In July 2021, the production system of the tfm copper cobalt-based mineral extension project began with a pilot vehicle, and the expansion project could increase the daily disposal of ore from 15,000 tons to 25,000 tons, which was driven by the launch of the project in 2021.
The production of copper and cobalt increased by 14.53 per cent and 19.86 per cent, respectively. In 2022, the construction of the tfm mixed mining project was successfully completed, with 90 per cent of the installation work in Sector Centre, 30 per cent of the construction work in Sector East, and 25.43 million tons of copper per year and 2.02 million tons of cobalt per year.
The kisanfu copper cobalt mine (hereinafter “kfm”) adjacent to the tfm copper cobalt mine is a world-class green land project with a wealth of resources and a high average grade of copper cobalt ore, with a huge potential for exploration. In December 2020, the company, through its fully-owned subsidiary, Naturalresourcesourceinvestment Limited, was awarded $550 million.
At the end of the year, the tfm mine had an ore resource of 199 million tons and a copper metal resource of 42.387 million tons at an average grade of 213 per cent.
During the month, the sixth interim meeting of the company ' s sixth board of directors considered the adoption of the bill on investment in the construction of the Congolese kfm development project and agreed to invest in the construction of the kfm development project (phase I) within a maximum investment of $1,826 million in the construction of the project.
Launched in the second quarter of 2023. Kfm copper production in 2023 led to 7-90 million tons, cobalt production guides to 2.4-30 million tons, contributing to a significant increase in copper and cobalt production by the company. 2.2 Copper from Australia: a steady performance in mature business contributions
Growing copper gold operations provide steady production. Australia's nonthparkes copper gold mines (hereinafter “npm”) are 27 km north-west of Parks, midwest New South Wales, with a well-developed infrastructure, and are the first mines in Australia to be mined underground using low-cost, high-tech natural crash techniques.
At the end of 2022, Npm had detected 256 million tons of resources, including 0.56% of copper, 0.22g/t of gold, 1.99g/t of silver, 684,000 tons of annual ore disposal of the remaining resources.
14.8 Year 2023. The focus of the npm project is on planning for and matching of mining sources, accelerating production of e31 and e31 north, reducing e48 to mine, increasing e26 to mine, planning e22 to improve overall selection levels, with copper production guided by figure 16: the npm copper gold equity structure
Figure 17: Npm copper gold production 2.3 China ' s Xinjiang mines: the three main mines parallel to each other are one of the world ' s top seven producers of molybdenum and one of the largest tungsten producers, currently owns three estates, upsrows and Xinjiang East.
The three main molybdenum mines on the Gobi, mainly in molybdenum, tungsten, iron metal selection, smelting, deep processing, scientific research, etc., have upstream and downstream integration operations such as mining, mining, smelting, chemicals, etc. The main products include molybdenum, ammonium acetate, tungsten concentrate and other related products, and the recovery of minerals such as iron, copper, fluorescent, etc. by-products.
The three salami mines, located in the province of Henan, are part of the world’s largest primary molten molten field, the molten molten molten mine, which is made up of a super-large slurry deposit made up of one of the main mine bodies, with a simple, large or slender shape, one of the world’s largest primary molten mines, and the second largest white tungsten deposits in China. The three sorghum mines have been mined for over 40 years.
Before the 1990s, large-scale open-air mining began in the late 1990s. The open-air mines were built in 1991 and produced 5,000 tons per day at the end of 1997 and 30,000 tons per day at the end of April 2006, while the upper-dwelling sorghum mine is located in the district of Sakakawa, Henan Province, adjacent to the three sorghum mines, and is part of the Sakakawa mine.
Molybdenum is accompanied by iron and metal, which is operated by the company’s co-owning company, Luoyang Fuchuche Mining Company Ltd. The surface of the mine in the upper ravine is 1.2073km2, with a mining mark of 1520-1154m and a production scale of 1.65 million tonnes/year.
1,000 tonnes/day production capacity, total underground mining ceased at the end of 2004 and converted to open-air mining due to poor rock stability, resulting in 5,000 tonnes/day open-cut capacity by 2007. At present, one open-air mining ground, five waste quarries, and one industrial site have been set up in the upper ravine mine, with a mining capacity of 5.0775 million tons in 2022.
The Elephants in the city of Hami are owned by the Luoyang Monument Holdings Company Xinjiang, which is an important outcome of the country’s 358-year search for mines. The mines are not only rich in reserves, high grade, easy choice, and high recovery rates, but are buried shallow enough to be suitable for large-scale open-air mining.
Xinjiang's “12th Five-Year Plan” priority project and the Harmi Area priority industrial project. The Eastern Gobi Molybdenum mine has been granted a mining licence from the Ministry of Natural Resources, and basic construction work has been carried out on the temporary facilities in the mine area, power lines for the construction period, the 35kv transformer station in the mine area, outreach roads, piped digging, and engineering geological surveys, initial design and various mining tests have been completed,
Equipment explorations and selections, but the current project is temporarily in a slow phase for environmental reasons. 2.4 Brazilian phosphorus mines: stable production, steady performance contribution.
The main assets under the flag of mineracaoindustriaeparticipacipacoesltda. (hereinafter “cmocbrasil”) are the nml and cil phosphorus mines, which were acquired by companies in 2016 in the hands of American and British resources.
The main products are phosphorous fertilizers, animal feed supplements, intermediates, etc., and the main clients are fertilizer blenders in Brazil. By the end of 2022, Brazilian mines had 7.3822 million tons of thorium and metal reserves.
Table 4: Brazilian phosphorus phosphorus resources and reserves 2.5 Ecosen: exploring the modern mining route of “mine + trade”
Buying the world’s third-largest basic metal traders and exploring the path of “mining + trade” into modern mining. The main players for Exxon are refined metals such as copper, lead, zinc concentrate and copper, aluminium, zinc, nickel, and a small number of special metals such as precious metal concentrates and cobalt, and strontium, building a globalized logistics and storage system that covers more than 80 countries worldwide.
In the mineral trade industry, a wealth of experience has been gained, good reputations have been established, and some industrial barriers have been built. Companies have been deeply involved in exploiting their business linkages, accelerating trade and mineral synergies, promoting synergies between their production and the various operators, working with the various branches of the group headquarters, financing investment with financial institutions, and resources with upstream and downstream clients.
In 2022, while the global economy was heavily affected by the new crown epidemic, gold tons, trade in refined metal products amounted to 31.37 million tons, and trade contributed $5.48 billion to the company.
There are futures contracts for the same range of metals that can be netted while non-ferrous metals are traded. Using the stronger correlation between spot transactions and futures transactions, businesses are created a stable and sustainable profit by smoothing price fluctuations through a combination of business models, reducing the risks associated with industrial cycles and price fluctuations.
Three copper plates will be priced up, new energy generation will be integrated, 3.1 copper plates are expected to be priced up, and the recovery of domestic demand is the main logic of the annual copper price trade, and the price focus is expected to remain high.
In 2023, the national grid plan invested more than $520 billion, with new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, wind power increasing at a high rate, and copper consumption at a steady rate. On the supply side, the global copper mine production is on the rise.
The volume increase is still large, but the smelting end production capacity is low, copper refining is increasing at a low rate, and domestic demand is expected to maintain a tight balance between domestic supply and demand. As a macro-driven variety, with low stock stacks and tighter balance, the main rhythm for domestic recovery will be driven by pulses of copper prices, which are expected to remain high throughout the year.
The period rose considerably, followed by a five-year downward cycle of capital spending with the price of copper. After the rise in the current round of copper, capital spending on overseas mines rose slightly, but was lower than in the previous cycle.
On the demand side, the demand for new energy-enabled electrification has long been good and the demand for copper has grown dynamically. Copper consumption in the area of new energy generation has been concentrated in the fields of photovoltaics and wind power, according to China.
IPV predicts that during the “145” period there will be an annual average of approximately 80gw light voltage, 254gw light voltage worldwide, and that the concentration of light voltage copper in components such as inverters, transfer tanks, cable, etc., and the amount of light voltage in units will be about 0.55 million tonnes/gw. Copper for wind power is mainly distributed among components such as cables, transformers, electrical relays, and 0.35 million tons/gv of copper for wind power on land, sea, sea.
In 2023, wind and wind power are expected to account for approximately 920,000 tons of copper, which will continue to increase during the "1450" period. According to the International Copper Industry Association, the amount of copper used in conventional tankers is about 20 kg, and the amount of copper used in pure electric vehicles is about 20 kg.
In 2022, the production of new-energy cars increased by 99%, reaching a penetration rate of about 650,000 tons of new-energy car plates. Projects are concentrated, and copper production is growing in a flash year. The company’s copper business is concentrated in three projects: Congo.
The tfm copper cobalt mine, the Democratic Republic of the Congo kfm copper gold mine and the Australia npm copper gold mine, which became operational in 2023, made a clear contribution to the company ' s copper production. According to the company ' s bulletin, the tfm copper production during the year was guided by 29-33 million tons, the kfm copper production was guided by 7-90 million tons, the npm copper production was guided by 2.4-27,000 tons, copper
With traffic disruptions caused by the Democratic Republic of the Congo epidemic and disputes over the tfm reserve fund, the company’s copper and cobalt products have been stagnated, amounting to 133,000 tons of tfm copper at the end of the year, an increase of 137 per cent over the same period. After the settlement of the equity dispute, the prospect of further sales of copper will provide additional flexibility to the company’s metal sales and performance.
3.2 In October 2018, a Chinese company, founded by a joint venture between Hua Qing and Cinderella International and the U-source Holdings, built 60,000 tons of nickel annually at the Morowali Industrial Park in Indonesia.
In November 2019, Lomium Holdings entered into an equity transfer agreement with Neewstridelimited, granting 100% of the shares of Vo source Holdings Ltd., thereby indirectly acquiring 21% of the cobalt shares of Utility Holdings. On July 25, 2020, Lomak Holdings, through Uts Holdings, will purchase additional registered capital for Uttar Pradesh Cobalt.
The new energy automobile industry is still at a high rate of expansion, leading to the world’s green growth in recent years. Three-dollar power cells are expected to become the mainstream of new energy cars in the future.
The power cell, while the high nickel trio material is the core material of the three-dollar power cell, which accounts for more than 40% of the cost of the three-dollar battery, has a wide market perspective. The company’s shareholding Chinese project officially came into production in December 2021, it reached production in April 2022, and the project’s completion will in the future serve as a growth point for the company’s profits and promote a breakthrough in the new energy sector.
The new energy plates have combined to strengthen the Kfm copper cobalt project in the Nender era. The company’s fully-owned subsidiary, Lomong Holdings, and the Ningde era, were indirectly controlled in April 2021.
The stock company, Bump, signed the Strategic Cooperation Agreement, which deepens cooperation on strategic project entry, product marketing, expanded cooperation, and the establishment of a comprehensive strategic partnership on new energy and metals. The Bumps acquired 25% of the kfm holdings through fully-funded HNP New Energy Sources in Hong Kong.
Ningde became the second-largest shareholder in the company. In September 2022, the company’s upper shareholders, Loyang Kuo and Sichuan, signed an Investment Framework Agreement with Ningde, which directly owned 24.68% of the company’s shares in the former Luoyang mine.
When the deal is completed, the owner of the Ningde era will indirectly own 24.68% of the company’s shares through the Luoyang mining industry, and the Ningde era will be the second largest shareholder. Expand the new area, and make a big leap forward to the new strategy. In January 2023, the company worked with the Ningde era to develop Bolivia.
The right to develop two giant salt lakes in Via, of which the Uyuni salt lithium reserve is estimated to be more than 21 million tons, with the company making an initial contribution of 10,000 tons. In addition, building on the existing configuration of the company in Africa, South America and South-East Asia, a strategic partnership has been established between the two sides in the area of new energy and metals, and in the development of investments in new energy and metals such as lithium, cobalt, nickel, copper, etc.
In accordance with the company's output guidelines, it is assumed that the company's copper production for 2023-2025 in the Democratic Republic of the Congo amounted to 39, 50, 540,000 tons, cobalt production amounted to 4.9, 6.3, and 67,000 tons.
Copper prices remain high and cobalt moves downwards in the context of excess prices. Copper gold operations: Based on company production guidelines, it is assumed that the company ' s copper production for the 2023-2025 npm project will total 2.5, 3.0, 30 million tons of copper and 2.6, 2.8, 28,000 ounces of gold production.
The price of molybdenum, tungsten, and tungsten, as a whole, remains high in a context of good demand and rigid supply. The phosphorus business: based on company production guidelines, the company ' s production of Brazilian thorium in 2023-2025 is assumed to remain at 9,200 tons, phosphorus.
We have chosen the same type of company, the purple gold mining industry, the Chinese friend cobalt industry, the Yunnan copper industry, and the Jiangxi copper industry, with an average of 10.5/10.3 times the corresponding consistency expected for 2023-2024. Given that in companies of the same type, the company's copper and cobalt production is 10.5/10.3 times higher.
The elasticity of growth is paramount, and mining companies tend to show a double-click effect in procyclical trends, and companies are supposed to enjoy valuation spillovers that do not and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.