Incident: On 30 January 2023, the company issued a public announcement announcing the company ' s 2023 production guidelines. \triangleright \triangleright
In 2022, copper and cobalt production reached their planned production targets at the beginning of the year. It is worth noting that in 2022, copper and gold production in Australia fell short of their production targets at the beginning of the year, mainly because of unplanned repairs, the accumulation of persistent heavy rains, and project e26 and previous mine production.
Qiu Joo’s poor connection has affected the production of mines, and based on the company’s 2023 production guidelines, Australia’s npm s010521120001
The copper gold mine is expected to return to normal operations in 2023, with a significant release of copper and cobalt in the next two years and a strong growth. The tfm and kfm copper and cobalt mining project continues to build, with a further 200,000 tons of copper and 17,000 tons of cobalt and metals to be added when the tfm mine is completed.
Production capacity, with the completion of the kfm copper cobalt mine, with an additional 90,000 tons of copper metal and 30,000 tons of cobalt metal production capacity. Kfm is currently operational with the operational test vehicle and is expected to be operational in the second quarter of 2023, taking into account the initial selections
The construction of the tfm mixed mine is not affected and is expected to be as planned.
The industry scene, s010121120057, has an upward cycle in the price of copper molten. 1 Copper: good domestic property policies, policy adjustments to control the epidemic, domestic demand may gradually improve in 2023, and prices are more flexible under low stocks.
The point of interest hikes is now in place, financial dependence is subsided, and copper prices are expected to be high in 2023. 2 molybdenum: the price of molybdenum has risen since 2008, demand has continued to grow, supply-side increases are limited, essentially small metals that continue to grow as the manufacturing industry upgrades.
\triangleright \triangleright 1 incident: company publication of 2023 production guidelines
The company’s copper and cobalt production in 2022 met the target set at the beginning of the year. It is worth noting that Australia’s copper and gold production in 2022 fell short of the target at the beginning of the year, mainly because of unplanned repairs, the accumulation of persistent heavy rains, and the poor connection between project e26 and previous mine production.
Oscillation has affected the production of mines, and based on the company’s 2023 production guidelines, Australia’s npm copper gold is expected to return to normal operations in 2023. Production guidance for 2023 is exceeding expectations, and construction of the tfm mixed and kfm copper cobalt mining projects is continuing.
With the completion of the tfm mixed mine, 200,000 additional tons of copper metal, 17 million tons of cobalt metal capacity, and kfm copper cobalt, the completion of the mine will result in an additional 90,000 tons of copper metal and 30,000 tons of cobalt metal capacity.
3 bronze molybdenum industry scene, 2023. 3.1 copper: financial properties + commodity properties resonance, copper prices or high-level operations.
Metals, we elaborate on the 2023 copper price. We believe that 2023 was a two-kill to a double-click. Copper prices were expected to weaken in 2022, and the price of interest hikes had a greater negative impact, but it is worth noting that copper stocks are still at absolute low levels, with a better supply and demand side of low stocks leading to a better balance.
Large price elasticity. Looking forward to 2023, constant supply-side constraints persist, with changes in demand for real estate and consumption recovery as a result of domestic policy adjustments to control the epidemic, raised demand for copper, combined interest-added influences marginality and reduced the price of copper in 2023.
Large. The supply side conservatively assumes a slight increase in aggregate copper production in Chile and Peru, mainly in countries such as the Democratic Republic of the Congo and China. Demand side assumes a decline in demand in traditional areas and a decline in overseas demand, such as Europe and the United States, but domestic demand keeps up with demand in new and emerging areas, leaving a surplus of 50,000 tons of refined copper in 2023, largely in a tight balance.
Quarterlyly, the excess supply in the first half of the year will be larger, and more so the expected reversal of demand, which, after the second half of the year, will lead to a gradual shift in the excess supply to a supply-demand gap. In the future, copper in the emerging areas is expected to grow at a higher rate as the share of copper in the emerging areas rises.
The overall demand for copper will be effective, and the supply side will be constrained by factors such as insufficient capital spending and declining mineral grade, with a modest increase in the medium to long term, with the supply and demand gap expected to expand to 2.10 million tons in 2025.
According to a previous report from the Human Metals Team, entitled "New Materials for the Metal Industry's 2023 Strategy Series", we have detailed our view of the price of molybdenum in 2023. We believe that molybdenum is a high-end device, a strategic metal in the country. Global and domestic supply of molybdenum is stable, and with the country's immunization policy being fully liberalized.
As of January 30, 2023, the price of magnesium rose to 4610 ton.
The price of molybdenum rose to $306,000 per ton, updating it since 2007. Figure 3: The domestic price of molybdenum, increasing steel demand and demand.
Each month, mid-to-late and early next month, moly iron tenders are tendered, influenced by the centralized bidding of the mainstream steel plant, the market for moly iron is generally active, and each increase in the price of moly iron is concentrated during the centralized bidding of the mainstream steel plant. Since 2022, steel mills have made several breakthroughs in the number of tons of bids per month, and high downstream demand has led to short-term supply strains in the industry, stimulating iron prices.
Figure 4: The demand for steel and the price of molybdenum continues to balance global and domestic demand for molybdenum.
Supply-side production has stabilized, while supply and demand patterns in both the global and domestic molybdenum industries have remained tight in the context of steady rises in demand. Looking ahead, a small gap is projected in global demand and supply in 2022, with the gap widening further in 2023.
With a small gap in the supply and demand of molybdenum in 2022-2023, a tight balance pattern that supports the continued rise in the price of molten moly. Given that the copper molten industry is booming faster than expected, we have raised corporate profitability forecasts, which are expected to have a negative impact on company performance if market prices fall.
If the amount of the equity money is large, or has an adverse impact on the company’s profitability.
3) The project is still under construction, including the tfm mixed mining project and the kfm project, and if the project is not as advanced as expected, production is less than targeted at the beginning of the year, performance will be adversely affected The methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.