For the first time, North China Corporation covered a national chip sailing, core equipment escort.
Electronic equipment leads the sheep, multi-dimensional layout leads the boss, and as a leading electronic equipment company in the country, the company operates with four modules: semiconductors, vacuums, new energy sources, and sophisticated components.
A high-end e-equipment platform is already in its infancy, with a combination of business modules. As downstream applications flourish, both market aggregates and company penetration are expected to increase significantly, continuing to drive corporate performance forward.
There is no doubt that, of the company’s many operations, the most spectacular is high-end equipment, which is the most technologically important area in the semiconductor industry and has been monopolized by foreign oligarchs for many years.
A number of products such as some etching machines, pvd, cvd, stoves, cleaning equipment, etc. are available and have entered the country’s 8 inches and 12 inches of production line, effectively ensuring the security of the national production supply chain.
In July 2019, the company released a proposed increase of up to 2 billion dollars to be raised for the development of advanced process node core equipment such as semiconductor carving machines, membrane equipment, thermal treatment equipment, and cleaning equipment.
The luminous landscape is good, and performance is growing in danger, and as the full chain costs of photovoltaics fall, photovoltaic power is only a fraction of the sea, far away from the Internet at par.
This has even been achieved in countries and regions outside the country, which means that the photovoltaic industry will greatly improve its dependence on government subsidies, and that market space is expected to develop in a step-by-step manner. Unlike semiconductor equipment, the technology is extremely high.
As a result, rising industry climates will continue to generate higher-visibility performance. The third shift in semiconductor industries is leading to a climax in the construction of continental crystal-crystal plants, yet "on top of the sands."
It's hard to build a high platform, and the lack of core semiconductor equipment has become the sword of Damocles, which hangs high over our semiconductor industrial chain, and Fu Jianxian Jinhua alerts me when it comes to self-control. As a national enterprise with a vastly scarce territory, it is expected that the North will benefit significantly. The company is expected to benefit from 2019-2021.
The semiconductor needs are not as good as expected: the landscape is not as good as expected: the implementation of the Plumbing Project is not progressing as expected.
It was formed by the reconstitution of seven-star and northern microelectronics in August 2016, and is now a leading company in the country with high-end equipment for integrated circuits. Prior to the reconstitution, seven-star electrons and northern microelectronics had been focused on high-end integrated circuits for years, with a deep market base and technology.
In 2017, after the combination of the two, a brand-new name, "Norwegian" (Naura) was launched.