Nationally produced semiconductor equipment leader, importing alternative space - North China (002371.sz) Nationally produced semiconductor equipment leader.
It is a national semiconductor equipment manufacturer who leads the four-block operation with semiconductor equipment, vacuum equipment, new energy lithium appliances and sophisticated electronic components. 2019H1 achieves operating income.
The semiconductor industry is about to start a new cycle, with a promising integrated circuit, and the global semiconductor market is warming for the first time. China’s integrated circuit crystalworker has seized the opportunity to build a 12-inch crystal circle. According to icinsights, nine 12-inch plants, five of them, will be added in 2019.
In China, six new 12-inch crystal-crystal mills opened in 2020, with a strong demand for semiconductor equipment and a recovery in industry. According to the Semi data, China ' s spending on equipment will increase by 25% in 2019 over 2018. Adding to the low self-sufficiency of our semiconductor, our semiconductor self-sufficiency rate was about 15.4% in 2018.
In the future, there is much room and power in our semiconductor market for alternative imports.
Fu Xinyu Development Model R & D, which is now fully developed, is working on the industrialization of 14 nm and the development of 5/7 nm equipment.
In 2018, the market for production of single crystal silicon tablets for Lungi shares was 38%. Part of the contract for monocrystal equipment between the company and Lungi shares is still in progress.  was covered for the first time with an “additional” rating.
Given the expected recovery in the 2019h2 semiconductor industry, the Chinese-American trade friction is a controllable concept of national production, the integrated circuit industry policy continues to advance, and the superstructure company leads the semiconductor equipment industry at 28 West Side, Punrixi Street.
For the first time, the Hengsheng Building, 1,000th of Lujiang Beak Road, covers 87, 57, and 37 times, with an "enhanced" rating for the first time.
First, a national semiconductor driver. The import space is wide, and the North China initiative was restructured by seven star and northern microelectronics in August 2016 and is a semi-director of the country.
The company then integrated its operations and established the Beijing Seven Stars Project in September 2016.
Electronics, with the creation of a North China Vacuum Technology in January 2017 and an innovative North China Energy Lithium Power Equipment. In February 2017, the company completed the consolidation of its internal business assets, becoming a high-tech equipment company with semiconductor equipment, vacuum equipment, new energy sources of lithium power equipment, and sophisticated electronic components, which were developed in four multidisciplinary areas of operation.
Figure 1: China Development in the North, September 2001, Beijing, China, China, 700, 706 and 707 plants.
In March 2010, Seven Stars Electronics was listed at Shenzhen Securities Exchange (a share, short for stocks: and business, led by the Beijing Seven Stars Group, to launch the Seven Stars Electronics.
Seven Stars Electronics; Stock Code: 002371), which is a limited share in the country of high-end integrated circuits.
The company's North China Insignia created the North China Vacuum Technology in Beijing.
On September 22, 2016, the company Tuakrionsystemsllc founded the Beijing-North China Innovative Energy Lithium.
Acquisition of assets and related business, establishment of Beijing Seven Stars, Precision Equipment Technology Limited, registration of funds
It's a step-by-step enrichment of high-end integrated circuits.