Investing power highlights the transformational upgrading of wealth management, the spread of securities (000776), and a more balanced and integrated collection of power.
Corporate growth in 2017, brokerage, management, investment, investment, certification, other business as a percentage of the share The share of brokerage, investment as a percentage of the share, self-employment and financial management as a percentage of the share increased, and revenue as a result of the company’s combined strength, with the company’s total assets, net capital, operating income, net profit industries in 2017
The rankings are 4, 4, 4, 5 and 5, respectively, with a number of key business indicators ranking for many years in a row at the top of ten coupons □ investment firms: strong, strong corporate investors, with key indicators at the top of the industry. 2017, ipo launch festival.
The size of the refinancing has declined considerably as a result of the policy. The company insists on a “customer center-oriented” approach. The company has 61 equity funders and 1st industry, of whom the ipo is ranked 33 and the industry is ranked 1 and the principal is ranked 2nd.
16 major asset restructuring projects by consultants, ranked 3rd in the industry. □ Wealth management business: moving forward business transformation companies are turning science and technology finance, wealth management, institutional brokering and integration into four-wheel drive, driving business transformation
The first robots in the company’s autonomous research and development have gone on-line for the second phase of the Beta Cow, deepening the layout in the area of artificial intelligence and mobile trading terminals. The number of mobile security users exceeds 15.73 million, an increase of more than 50 per cent over the same period; and the number of users of the micro-credit platform is more than 3.17 million.
The company’s operating mechanisms are marketed and consolidated. The investment force is strong, and the project reserves are abundant. The industry is ranked second in size, with the expectation that the negative impact of the new regulations will be minimized.
The market benchmark index is 300 indexes.
The information and comments in this report are provided for information purposes only. The information and comments in the report are provided for information purposes.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.