High-quality coupons, combined strength □ event: the issuance of the 2017 annual report, which generated business income of $21.576 billion for the entire year.
A 4.16 per cent increase in the same year, and a 7.04 per cent increase in the return net profit of $8,595 million in the same year. Corporate integration is strong, and investment operations are prominent. Corporate growth in business income was strong in 2017, and investment + capital + investment trading capacity is at the forefront of the industry.
However, as a result of the tightening of interest rates on the financial front, bond cover has decreased by 27.06% on a year-on-year basis, and has caused a marginal decline of between 0.74% and $2.718 billion in business income on a year-on-year basis. At present, regulatory authorities are advocating an expansion of direct financing, a service-entity economy, strong corporate investment capacity, and broad scope for future development.
□ A significant increase in investment returns and an excellent business management structure. Benefiting from the structural dynamics of the secondary market, the corporate trading and corporate business sectors achieved $3.13 billion in operating income, an increase of 38.24 per cent over the year, of which the net return on investment on corporate equity and derivatives transactions was $1,517 million, an increase over the same period.
12.49 times more. In addition, companies have a pre-emptive advantage in the context of proactive management of the transformational development of industries such as ficc business, municipal business, alternative investment business, etc. □ development of financial science and technology and support for wealth management.
Auto-researched robots are on-line for the Beta Cow II. The company has also completed the creation of the Platform for Support of the "Wise and Wisdom" Application Strategy and has released a number of smart applications, such as "Smart Customer Service", "Smart Voice Helper", "Accurate Information", which seek to enhance company client stickyness through financial technology.
□ Investment proposal: Wide-ranging securities as high-quality coupons, strong combinations, strong investment, capital management and self-employment capabilities, with a company ' s share price of only 1.4 times that of 2017pb, is at a historically low level.
In the six months following the publication of the report, the firm/industry growth and decline was compared to the previous certificate/subsidiarity index for the same period. Synchronous markets: the rate of return relative to the market benchmark index fluctuated between ~5% and +5%;
There will be no change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and there is no interest in evaluating or recommending the securities in the report. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may provide or seek to raise them.
For investment banking or other services.