Peace in China (601318): Quarterly Review 2017
The net assets belonging to the shareholders of the parent company were $41,148 million, and the company's double-digit growth performance was strong on the basis of last year's high base at the beginning of the year.
The new single growth in life insurance contributed to a 60% higher than expected increase in nbv. 17q1 insurance channels generated a new insurance premium of $65.84 billion, an increase of 62.2 per cent over the same period, driven mainly by: 1) middle production.
Ten thousand people, a 27.6 per cent increase over 16q1 and a high increase in the cost of new insurance policies, contributed to the company ' s life insurance nbv to maintain a leading profit on insurance premiums. 17q1 company insurance premiums increased by +10.0 per cent, which is consistent with the industry ' s average rate of increase; the combined cost of insurance operations was 95.9 per cent, which is smaller than 16 years.
Up by 160bp, the firm remained absolutely low and guaranteed a stable level of profit. The increasing competition in the market and the increase in the size of China’s fiscal market, along with the increase in the price of insurance, showed the competitive advantage that companies could not shake in their financial operations.
Basic data (2016)  17 years of reserve replenishment effect leads to a performance catch. 750 days of reserve replenishments due to changes in the average flat rate of return on national debt affected pre-tax profits by $28.9 billion for 16 years.
Measurement (assuming that current interest rates on national debt are constant + no adjustment to the liquidity premium assumption): Reserve replenishment is expected to usher in a rollover of performance in the second half of the year.
The company, as an absolute leader in China's insurance industry, has a very high rate of life insurance and financial insurance operations, which are expected to continue at a very high rate of growth + nbv.
Steady and high growth in the value of the new business, dividends uplifting + roll-out + 17 years of performance are expected to catalyze stock prices, company valuations, Peace in China: The 2015 Annual Report - Hard Insurance Advantages
In a wave, the exchange of gold enters the outbreak, 5. Peace in China: 3-quarter review 2015: Basics remain strong, and the impact of the blast will be over.
6. Peace in China: mid-2015: increased profit competition; 3. Change in insurance costs to increase competition in the market. Growth and steady improvement in the quality of business
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board