China Yum, the whole industrial chain is integrated, with the power semiconductor technology leading, and the company is the lead in the country in all-industry chain integration of chip design, crystal round manufacturing, seal testing, and so on.
Given the company’s leading position in power semiconductors for the first time, the company is given an additional rating. The Chinese Group’s semiconductor investment operations platform.
The platform, which was a pioneer in integrating domestic semiconductors, such as Chinese electronics, Chinese China, Chinese technology, and others, now has 5 6-8 inches of crystal round production lines, 2 sealed production lines, 1 masked production line, and 3 design companies. In 2019, the company is expected to collect 5650-58 billion yuan.
Power semiconductor technology, leading in scale, mosfet technology. The company is a small number of companies in the country that can supply low, medium- and high-pressure series of mosfet products in the range of 100 v to 1500v, as well as currently owns all the mainstream mosfet device structures in the country.
Major firms with the capacity to produce devices, including trough fences mos, floor fences vdmos and supersmos, can meet the needs of different customers and different applications. According to ihsmarkit, the company ranks third in the Chinese market for mosfet in terms of sales, after only one.
In February 2020, the company entered the project, raising a total of 3 billion yuan, mainly for 8 inches.
Sensor and power semiconductor construction, forward-looking technology and product upgrading research and development, industrial mergers and acquisitions, and integration.
The R & D orientation of forward-looking technology and product upgrading projects includes the design of third generation semiconductor power devices and engineering technology research, core technology development of power separation devices and their modules, high-end power ic research.
Sino-Chinese International Securities Corporation, Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
The global epidemic has had a greater than expected demand impact, and high-end devices have not developed as expected.