Science and technology (68808.sh) grew by 76 per cent on a quarterly basis and some new products were delivered on a scale -58.11 per cent; the company ' s Māori ratio increased by 12.5 pct to 58.91 per cent as a result of an increase in the share of products related to ddr5.
The ddr5 penetration rate has increased, and the company has taken the lead in opening sub-alternates. In 2023, the company's interconnectivity chip generated 2,185 million yuan (yoy-20.11%), or 96%, and the Māori rate increased by 2.6 pct to 61.36%; and the capture server platform generated 94 million yuan (Yoy-90%), or 4%.
Decrease by 6.5 pct to 4.01%. As the main server cpu platform in support of ddr5 has increased significantly downstream penetration.dddr5 boosts firm dddr5-related product arrivals from 2023 to a steady increase, with a projected dddr5 penetration rate of over 50% in 2024.
Started with a ddr5 replacement, started with a dddr5 third generation rcd chip in October 2023, and launched a ddr5 fourth generation rcd chip in January 2024, which supports the data rate of 7200mt/s.
A number of high-performance “lift” chips have been introduced to take advantage of the opportunities of the one, and some products have started to move on a scale scale. Companies have focused on “power” demand layouts for a range of high-speed interconnectivity chip solutions, including pcie retimer, mrcd/mdb, ckd, mxc, etc., and some new products have started to move on a scale scale.
The pcie 5.0 retimer chip has successfully imported some of the mainstream internal and external cloud computing/Internet plant ' s ai server procurement projects and has begun to deliver on a scale of about 150,000 items, 1.5 times more than the product ' s 2023 output; the server with the mrcd/mdb chip is in a high bandwidth.
The module has started a scale test for mainstream cloud computing/Internet manufacturers, both inside and outside the country, with 1024 companies earning the first time more than $20 million of their mrcd/mdb chips.
The machine industry reloads after stocking, and some of the company's new products begin to grow in size, and I, Incendiary Technology (68808.sh) - 3-quarter net profit increases by 55% on a year-on-year basis, focus on uniforms, memory module upgrades from ddr4 to ddr5 and company ddr5 cores open sub-alternations.
The memory interface chip is the core logical device for the server memory module. The primary function of the memory interface chip, which is a mandatory route for the server cpu access to the memory data, is to increase the speed and stability of RAM access to the memory data, and to fill the server cpu's growing high performance and high capacity requirements for the memory module.
Repository grains and RAM modules produced by the storeer are packaged to the large-scale commercial phase by means of the server cpu, memory and oem manufacturers ' rigorous certification of their functionality and performance. The memory interface chips of ddr4 and dddr5 are classified by function into two categories: rcd and db.
A buffer from a memory controller's address, command, clock, control signal, data buffer (db) from a memory controller or a data signal from a stored particle. Only the RAM module that uses the rcd chip to buffer an address, command, clock, control signal is commonly called rdimm (sending double-column to insert into the memory module), and rcd is used.
And db sets of memory modules to buffer addresses, commands, clocks, control signals and data signals are called lrdimm (reduced double-column straight-plug memory modules). The company invented the "1+9" distributed buffer memory subsystem framework, breaking through the central shelves of ddr2, ddr3
Structure design, innovatively using 1 rcd as core and 9 bd distribution structure layouts, significantly reducing the load effect between cpu and dram particles, reducing signal transmission losses, resolving the contradiction between the large capacity of the memory subsystem and the high speed, which was eventually adopted by the jedec international standards as the ddr4 generation framework, and has been adopted in the ddr5 world.
The memory module is defined by Jedec, and the company is one of its board members. The development of the memory module has a clear path to technological upgrading, and the global microelectronic industry standard-setting body, Jedec Solid State Technology Association, is defined.
The RAM module consists of components, performance indicators, specific parameters, etc., and has now completed the Ddr5 Second Generation, Third Sub-Current Product Standard, and the 4th Sub-Current Product Standard Standard. The company is a member of the Jedec Board of Directors, and has a staff chair or vice-chairman position in the four committees and branches of Jedec.
Deep involvement in the development of standards for jedec-related products. For example, the company takes the lead in developing multi-ddr5 memory interface chip standards, including ddr5rcd chips and mdb chips, and actively participates in the development of ddr5ckd chips and dddr5 memory model combination chip standards.
The company ' s ddr4 and ddr5 memory interface chip has successfully entered the international mainstream memory, server and cloud computing domain. The company has rolled out the ddr2 to ddr5 series of memory interface chips, one of the major global providers that can provide full buffer/semi-buffer complete solutions from ddr2 to ddr5 and can be applied to various buffer memory models.
Groups, including rdimm and lrdim, meet the high-performance server demand for high-speed, high-volume memory systems. The corporate ddr4 and ddr5 memory interface chips have now successfully entered the international mainstream memory, server and cloud computing fields and occupy a significant share of the global market.
From 2016 onwards, ddr4 became the dominant technology in the memory market as technology matured. To achieve higher transmission rates and support greater memory capacity, Jedec further updated and refined the technology for ddr4 interface chips.
Specifications, adding multiple functions. In the ddr4 generation, from gen1.0, gen1.5, gen2.0 to gen2prus, the maximum transmission rate supported by each memory interface chip is continuously rising, and the last ddr4 sub-generation plus sub-prostitutes take over.
ddr5 uses lower working voltage and higher rate of support. With ddr5 memory technical specifications and product formation in commercial use, dddr5 memory technology is in the process of updating and replacing ddr4 memory technology. dddr5 memory interface chip uses lower working voltage (1.1v) than the last ddr4 generation memory interface chip.
At the same time, a step forward in transmission effectiveness and reliability. From the information already published by Jedec, the ddr5 memory interface chip has been planned for five sub-generations with a rate of support of 4,800 mt/s, 5600 mt/s, 6400 mt/s, 7200 mt/s, 8,000 mt/s, and is expected to be followed by a further 1-2 generation.
The transmission rate and the support for greater memory capacity are trends and driving forces in the development of the memory interface chip industry. It is expected that in 2024, more than 50% of the dddr5 memory module penetration will be achieved, and companies have taken the lead in starting ddr5 replacements.
Among them, the mainstream desktop level cpu of ddr5 was officially released in 2021, the general desktop/noteboard computer was officially marketed early in the year and will be continuously updated and the ddr5 memory module penetration will continue to increase. The company expects that the ddr5 memory module penetration will exceed 50% in 2024 and will continue to increase in 2025.
The company produced ddr5 first generation products in October 2021, pioneered dddr5 second generation rcd chip in May 2022, pioneered dddr5 third generation rcd chip in October 2023, and pushed ddr5 fourth generation rcd chip in January 2024 to support the data rate of 7200mt/s.
The faster the sub-delegate, the faster it will help to maintain the average sales price of the product and the Māori rate. Figure 3: Corporate ddr5 memory interface chip products, which are expected to reach $5.9 billion in 2029 in global memory interface chip markets, is one of the three main manufacturers.
In terms of competition, the memory interface chip has grown from the ddr2 generation to the ddr5 generation, and the participants are increasingly concentrated. Similar to the dddr4 generation, the ddr5 interface chip is dominated by three major companies, Risa Electronics, and Rambus.
The company is one of the main suppliers of ddr5 memory module packages and, according to jedec standards, ddr5 memory modules need to be accompanied by three sets of collator (spd), temperature sensor (ts) and power management chips (pmic) in addition to the memory particles and memory interface chips.
During the ddr5 generation, the server memory module would need to be configured with a spd chip, a pmic chip and two ts chip, a normal desktop machine, a laptop memory module of udimm (a buffer-free double-column-plug-in-in module), and sodimm (a small double-column direct-plug-in module) would need to be configured with a spd chip and a pmic chip.
Figure 5: Company ddr5 memory module package chip spd: The company and partners developed dddr5spd, internal chip integration of 8kbiteeprom, 12c/13c bus hubs (hub) and temperature sensors (ts), applicable to memory models in the ddr5 series
Groups (lrdimm, rdimm, udimm, sodimm, etc.) are used on servers, desktops, and notebook memory modules. The main suppliers at present are stubble technology and risa electronics. ts: The company and its partners developed ddr5 high accuracy ts chips, supporting 120 and 130 lines.
bus, which applies to rdr5 servers rdim and lrdim memory modules. Ts, as spid chips, can work up to 1 mhz12c and 12.5 mhz13c, respectively, at clock frequencies; cpu server memory modules are important components, and the current mainstream ddr5 server memory module is configured with two sets.
Currently, the main suppliers are technology and Risa. pmic: the company and its partners have developed ddr5 low/high current pmic, and the chip contains four straight flow - direct current pressure converters, two linear stabilizers (ldo, 1.8v and 1.0v, respectively) and is able to support it.
The role of pmic is mainly to provide power support for other chips on the memory module (e.g., dram, rcd, db, spd, ts, etc.); cpu can communicate with it via the spd chip, thereby enabling power management. The low current power source management chip should be used for smaller currents on the ddr5 server.
, the high current power source management chip should be used in the rdim and lrdim memory module of the ddr5 server for larger currents.
"Mobile" is the key to improving the overall performance of the i-system. The i-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A.
. The company focuses on a series of high-speed interconnection chip solutions... including pcieretamer, mrcd/mdb, ckd, mxc, etc.
Provides a stable and reliable high bandwidth low-time interconnectivity solution to address signal integrity problems. A typical eight gpu mainstreamai server requires eight or 16 pcie 5.0 retimer chips, and an increase in the delivery of a one-server will directly drive the growth in the demand for a pcierenemer chip.
The Division has successfully produced pcie 5.0/cxl2.0 retimer chips in 2023, and has actively engaged in customer orientation, validation testing and related market expansion. At present, the pcie 5.0 retimer chip has been successfully imported into the internal and external mainstream cloud computing/Internet vendor's ai server procurement project and has begun to regulate it.
The volume of manufactured goods was approximately 150,000, which exceeded the product ' s volume in 2023 by 1.5 times.mrcd/mdb: In order to meet a person ' s need for higher bandwidth and higher capacity memory modules, Jedec developed technical standards for the server ' s mrdim (multiplexedrandim) memory module.
The mrdim memory module uses the base structure of lrdim "1+10 " , which allows the mrdim memory module to access two arrays on the memory module at the same time, providing double bandwidth and first-generation products with a maximum support rate of 8,800 mt/s. The server 's high bandwidth memory module requires a combination of memory interface chips.
The mrcd chip and mdb chip, which are more complex, faster and more valuable than the normal rcd chip and db chip, is the lead author of the international standard for mdb chip and has completed the ddr5 first generation mrcd/mdb core.
The development of a volume version, a server high-bandwidth memory module with a mrcd/mdb chip, has started a scale experiment with mainstream cloud computing/Internet manufacturers both inside and outside the country. 1024 company mrcd/mdb chip first generated more than $20 million.
Figure 9: Company mrcd/mdb chip ckd chip: As aipc needs a higher bandwidth memory to enhance overall computing performance, it will increase the need for a higher ddr5 memory. When ddr5 data is 6,400 mt/s and above, the inner pc end
The memory module (e.g. udim for desktops and sodimm for laptops) requires a dedicated clock-drive chip (ckd). The company released the first industry ddr5 first-generation ckd project sample in 2022, which has now been developed into a mass production version of the chip, and the ckd chip is expected to follow the release of the corresponding new cpu platform at the pc end.
Figure 10: Corporate ckd chip mxc chip: the mxc chip is a cxl memory extension controller chip, which is the third type of equipment defined in the cxl agreement, supports the jedecdddr4 and dddr5 standards while meeting the cxl2.0 specifications,
Supports the pcie 5.0 transmission rate. The cxl memory module has a strong memory extension capability with the advantages of efficient data processing, acceleration of computing, etc. Three stars, sk Hercules, and Light developed a dram product in support of cxl2.0 in 2023, and three stars announced the launch of a cxl on memcon 2024.
Mixed memory module. The company ' s global launch of the mxc chip in 2022 was a core control chip for cxl memory expansion and memory poolization applications, successfully passed dozens of hard tests in the cxl coalition, becoming the world ' s first tested memory extension control product, and completed the first generation of mxc volume production.
In addition, the platform combines a more secure and reliable computing platform for cloud computing data centres.
Advanced isomer computing and interconnection technologies can provide a powerful foundation for integrated data processing and computing for applications in the age of big data and artificial intelligence. The platform is primarily aimed at China’s local markets and has been applied to government, communications, and high-tech enterprises.
cpu: cpu is a series of x86 architecture processors introduced by the company with pre-detection, dynamic security monitoring functions for  or other common server platforms. Since 2019, the company has introduced first generation, second generation, third generation, fourth generation and fifth generation of cpu.
Launched in December 2023, the V generation capture cpu has a powerful ai acceleration engine. Mixed security memory module (hsdimm): The mixed security memory module uses the company ' s own-knowledge-based mot-icmt memory monitoring technology to provide a more secure and reliable memory for server platforms
Solutions. Presently, the company ' s rollout of two series of standard and streamlined versions of hybrid security memory modules can provide different levels of data security solutions for different application scenarios, hardware-level data security solutions based on memory end for major data centres and cloud computing servers, etc.
Figure 12: Persecution of server platforms due to the decline in global server and computer demand, inventory of related chips, company revenue of $2.286 billion (Yoy-37.76 per cent) in 2023; increase in revenue share due to higher ddr5 penetration rate
High, 12.5 pct to 58.91%. Of this amount, 4q23 received $761 million (4 per cent, qoq+27 per cent), Māori Internet chips: company interconnected chip products consist mainly of memory interface chips (including mrcd/mdb cores), which achieved an annual income of $2,185 million, a decrease of 20.11 per cent, or 96 per cent.
Global server and computer demand has declined and clients have gone to stock; the increase in the Māori rate is from 2.6 pct to 61.36 per cent. The increase in Māori ratio is mainly due to an increase in the delivery of the ddr5 memory interface chip. As the server and computer inventory have been deconstructed, and some of the company ' s new products (e.g., pcieretamer, mrcd/mdb chips)
(b) Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick and Mixed Security Memory Modules, which achieved revenue of $94 million in 2023, a 90 per cent decrease in comparison with the previous year, a 4 per cent decrease, and a significant decrease in revenue, mainly due to the macro-environment and industry-to-stocking and the relative volatility of the business ' s needs in the early stages of development;
After completion, we expect the company to increase its revenue from server platform products at the rate of 2024-2026, respectively: the company ' s main rates increased significantly in 2023 as a result of falling revenues, with higher R & D rates, figure 17: the company ' s single-season revenue and the rate of increase
Figure 18: Company single-season net profit return and rate of increase, Figure 19: Māori rate of company, changes in net interest rate, Figure 20: Principal rates of company
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject