With the technology ddr5 penetration acceleration and the continued energy of a new aid interconnection, the company is an internationally known company for data processing and interconnection chip design, influenced by the downside of traditional data centres.
But in the era of the ai era, the firm's product was in line with high-calculable demand, while the new interconnected product had low demand for 23 years of performance and sustained innovation to embrace the future. Since its inception, the company has been in line with market trends, and the product has been changing.
As ddr upgrades, companies are actively pursuing industry standards for global memory interfaces, and are continuously investing in research and development and product upgrading. At the same time, companies are constantly enriching the product matrix, now having two product lines: the interconnection chip and the QuickScreen server platform.
With the initial success of the de-storage and inventory management, the firm’s deep industrial accumulation is expected to protect long-term growth. The data centre’s resounding +ddr5 penetration is continuing, and sub-alternate-driven interface chips are growing robustly globally.
According to Bloomberg, four North American Internet companies are expected to spend their capital in 2024 into the upper zone.
The Division expects the ddr5 penetration rate to be over 50% by mid-2024, while the ddr5 memory interface chip will hold a higher penetration rate and more sub-versions, and company sales unit prices and revenues are expected to grow robustly. The new interconnection is expected to bloom a little more, and platform-type design companies open up room for growth: 1) pcieretamer:pcie
The retimer chip is an important interconnectivity chip in the future data centre area. In January 2023, the company produced the pcie 5.0/cxl2.0 retimeer chip, the second declared producer of the product worldwide; 2) mxc: cxl mxc chip was created on the basis of downstream demand for continued RAM growth, mainly for RAM expansion.
The company has been working with a number of top-level global cloud computing firms and memory taps. 3) mrcd/mdb: ddr5 first-generation mrcd/mdb chips are available globally (support rate averaged 3 months of transactions (RMB million)
The company led the development of an international standard for mdb chips with a competitive advantage; 4) ckd: its client ddr56400mt/s, China Electronic Investment Holdings Ltd., based on the latest product road map of the cpu manufacturer
The home cpu platform is expected to be released this year, and the company's ckd chip is on track and is expected to be delivered on a synchronized scale.
The recovery of the storage market is not as fast as expected, ddr5 penetration is not as high as expected, new products are not growing as expected, and the country is building up the technology, 202,2504 S.S.I.S.A.
The data centre went to the vault for 23 years, and continued to innovate to embrace the future.
Technology is a data processing and interconnection chip design company. Technology Inc. was established in 2004 to provide high-performance, low-power chip solutions for cloud computing and artificial intelligence. Since its inception, companies have been aligned with market trends, producing server memory buffer chips: in 2013, the company launched a ddr4 server with its first intel certification:
In 2016, the company worked with Qinghua University and Intel to develop a safe and controlled cpu: in 2019, the company captured a large number of cpu departments with large supply capacity; in 2020, the company released a second generation cpu, pcletimmer chip to produce mass production; in 2021, the company released a third generation cpu, ddr5, first generation memory interface and module support chip to produce mass production; and in 2022, the company tested production.
ddr5, second generation rcd chip, rolled out the cxl memory in collaboration with Samsung, Hercules; in 2023, the company released the fourth and fifth generation of cpu, pcie 5.0/cxl 2.0 retimer chip realization and tested the ddr5, third generation of rcd chip; and in 2024, the department launched the ddr5, fourth generation of rcd chip.
Chart 1. The scientific and technological development process The company has no real control and the equity structure is relatively fragmented. As of 16 March 2024, the company’s first shareholder was China Electronic Investment Holdings Ltd., holding 7.24% of the company’s shares, and the second was intelcapitacorporation, holding the public.
The third, fourth, and fifth major shareholders, respectively (limited partnerships), wltpartners, l.p., Hong Kong Central Bank, Ltd. The top five shareholders hold 28.70% of the company’s shares and the equity structure is relatively fragmented.
The executive team has a strong background, professional strength, and extensive industry experience to support sound corporate development. The president and CEO of the company, Yang Chong, the chief scientist, was in charge of chip development in a semiconductor in the United States, and later in the new product development department in Shanghai Baying.
Mr. Stephentai has over 18 years of extensive semiconductor experience and has served in sigmax and marvell. Ms. Wangrui (Wing Ring) served in the United States of America at the Cadence, amd and Intel, and is currently Senior Vice-President of Intel and Chairman of the China District.
In 2021 and 2022, corporate revenue grew by 40.49 per cent, 43.33 per cent, respectively. In 2023, clients went to stock, as a result of falling global demand for servers and computers, and companies rose, and corporate key business indicators improved significantly for two consecutive quarters. In the third quarter of 2023, companies achieved operating revenues of $598 million.
The ring grew by 17.61 per cent. Sub-products show that, after decoupling consumer electronics from 2018, the memory interface chip has been the company ' s revenue of 2,185 million yuan, a 20.11 per cent decline from the previous year; and the server platform product line of Jin Quick achieved a sales income of $94 million, because of the following: (1) significant growth in corporate operating income; and (2) investment patterns based on the company ' s prior investment around the industrial chain.
In 2018, the company removed its consumer electronic chip business, with a significant increase in the total Māori rate to 70.54% and a high maintenance rate, with a certain decrease in Māori for the memory interface. In 2023, with the ddr5 penetration rate rising, Māori for the company ' s memory interfaces began to recover steadily.
Since then, companies have maintained a high intensity of R & D investment, with R & D costs of $487 million in the first three quarters of 2023 and 31.93% in the first three quarters. The increase in R & D costs is mainly due to a decline in corporate revenue caused by a decline in industry.
With the global data centre coming out of the valley, it is expected that the company’s output will continue to recover as market demand recovers. The new product continues to break through, and the interconnected chip and the swathe of the server platform go both ways.
The company currently has two main product lines, the interconnection chip and the XE server platform. The interconnection chip product includes ddr5 memory interface chips, ddr5 memory module packages, pcie 5.0 retimer chips, cxl2.0 retimer chip and cxl memory extension control (mxc). The XEVP product includes Xin cpu and a mixed security memory module (hsdimm).
Figure 12. The company’s main product profile continues to benefit from the ddr5 upgrade, and the interconnection line multi-product layout breaks. The company’s core core product memory interface chip and memory module packages continue to benefit from the industry’s iterative upgrade.
As industry leaders in the relevant subsectors, companies take advantage of the opportunities offered by the upgrading of industries and enjoy the dividends of market space expansion. At the same time, they act as the global microelectronics lead agency, the Jedec Organization, with three committees and sub-committees.
The President of the Conference, who has an important voice in product standard setting in the relevant area of disaggregation, is deeply involved in the development of the ddr5 generation multi-chip standard and the pre-positioning of related products, which consolidates the company ' s technological leadership in this area. In 2022, the company led the development of international standards for products such as ddr5 second generation, third generation memory interface chip and first generation high-bandwidth RAM interface chip mdb.
The DDR5 first generation ckd and ddr5 memory module set-up chip standards. The server platform product line continues to expand the market, with robust growth in operating income.
The downstream industries such as business, transport, data centres, and smart cities, with their products widely recognized by clients and rapidly promoted, provide a solid basis for the continuation of the business and the upgrading of the company’s industry in the relevant areas. On the one hand, companies are constantly upgrading the compatibility level of cpu, and the third generation of cpu products are certified through vmware compatibility.
The universal compatibility and performance and reliability requirements of the vmwareesxi 7.0u3 virtualization platform meet the critical application needs of users; on the other hand, the company focuses on the area of credible computing, and the company and partner's "Credible Solutions Based on the Roots of Trust in Hardware" programme has been evaluated as "The First Safe and Good Solutions in 2022".
The ddr5 continues to penetrate + sub-alternate, the interface chip is growing robustly, and the ddr5 era has seen a significant increase in the complexity of the memory interface chip.
function that the data are stored and read faster than the hard disk. Depending on the field of application, the memory module can be divided into: 1, server memory module, whose main type is rdimm, lrdimm, compared to the other types of memory module, which, due to the continuously increasing load capacity of the server for data storage and processing, presents a higher level of stability, error capacity and low power consumption for the memory module.
: 2, general desktops, notebook memory modules, the main types of which are udim, sodimm. The tablet, cell phone memory, is used primarily to function on the system by welding it to the main board or encapsulating it. The development of memory modules is mainly driven by technological updates and computer ecosystems. The development of memory modules is clear.
Technical upgrade path, jedec defines the components, performance indicators, parameters, etc. of the memory module. For the time being, the dram has passed through to ddr5, which is a significant improvement over the ddr4 parameters. The memory interface chip is the core logic of the server memory module, located between cpu and dram.
The main frequency (ghz level) is much greater than the core frequency of the RAM particles (mhz level) and the RAM data is much less than the cpu calculator ' s speed, thus requiring a memory interface chip buffer to increase the speed and stability of data access. The memory interface chip consists mainly of a deposit buffer (registerlockdriver,rcd) and a data buffer (databuffer, db).
Rdimm used only one rcd chip, while lrdimm used a combination of rcd and db sets, 1+9 from the ddr4 generation, i.e. 1 rcd and 9 db chips, and 1+10 from the dddr5 generation.
is the serial detection hub (spd), the temperature sensor (ts) and the power management chip (pmic).
Together with partners, the company developed the ddr5 first-generation serial detector (spd), which was internalized into 8 kbiteeprom, i2c/i3c bus hubs (hub) and temperature sensors (ts), applicable to the ddr5 series memory module (e.g. lrdimm, rdimm, sodimm, etc.), with applications including servers, desktops, and notebook memory modules.
(ii) Temperature Sensors (ts) and partners have developed the ddr5 first-generation high-precision temperature sensors (ts) chip, which meets the jedec code.
Van, supports the i2c and i3c string bus, which applies to the rdr5 server rdimm and lrdim memory module. Ts, as the device from the spd chip, can work up to 1 mhzi2c and 12.5 mhzi3c, respectively, at clock frequencies; cpu can communicate with the spd chip to achieve temperature management of the memory module.
The pre-mainstream ddr5 server memory module is equipped with two sets of ts. (3) Power management chip (pmic) was developed jointly with partners to develop ddr5 first-generation low/high current power source management chip (pmic) conforming to the jedec specifications.
The chip consists of four straight flow-direct current pressure converters, two linear stabilizers (ldo, 1.8v and 1.0v, respectively) and supports the i2c and i3c string bus, which applies to the rdr5 server rdimm and lrdim memory module. The pmic function is mainly to provide power support for other chips on the memory module (e.g., dram, rcd, db, spd and ts).
The microchip communicates with it to achieve power management. The low current power management chip should be used in the rdim memory module of the smaller current of the ddr5 server, and the high current power management chip should be used in the rdim and lrdim internal ddr5 memory interface chips and RAM packaged chips for the larger current of the ddr5 server, as follows:
From the server/ cloud service industry chain, the memory interface chip is located upstream of the server industry chain and is used only for servers at and above ddr4 and then for ddr5 and then for the supply of pc, pen, and the vendor delivery is closely linked to the downstream server procurement cycle. From the memory interface industry, the memory interface chip manufacturer directly delivers to the downstream three-star electronics, Hercules, Lights, and so on, waves, ibm, etc.
Server assemblers, such as dell, purchase memory modules and cpu, respectively, for full assembly, thereby reselling them to cloud service providers, such as Amazon, Google and Microsoft, so that their products are certified by cpu, dram and oem manufacturers with high certification thresholds.
Based on the market size of the interface chip (rcd+db) in the global server area, according to the Chinese-Asian Economic Intelligence Network, in 2021 there were 13 million global server shipments, of which the average number of memory modules was 10.0, the number of dmms in the servers was 100 million, and the lrdim penetration rate was lower, corresponding to the global server area (rcd+db) market size of $690 million in 2021, which is projected to be 690 million.
At $1.46 billion in 2025, based on the size of the global chip market for interfaces in the fields of pc (desktop) and nb (notebook), based on the number of Chinese-American intelligence networks, the annual global volume of pc shipments was 300 million, the average number of pc memory modules was 1.2, and the number of pcudimm+sodimm
360 million, with a global pc+nb memory interface chip (rcd+db) site size of $380 million at 65 per cent ddr5ckd penetration rate.
There is a high concentration of industries due to the long life cycle of memory interface chip research and development, which spans four to six years per generation, with rapid updates and sub-renewal cycles of about 1 to 1.5 years, and significant investment (with R & D remaining at more than 15% per year until 2022), starting with the ddr2 generation, which reduces the number of competitors in the industry since the ddr4 generation.
In October 2013, the technology ddr4 product was first certified by Intel, and the “1+9” distributed buffer memory subsystem framework was invented and adopted by jedec as an international standard. Market shares were raised year after year, successfully completing the bending.
The development of the memory module is driven by technological upgrading and computer ecosystems. The development of the memory module has a clear path to technological upgrading, the production of products of the first generation of ddr5 in 2021 has begun, and the memory module is beginning to start in the ddr4 generation.
Switch to the ddr5 generation, while Jedec has initially completed the dddr5 second-generation and third-generation product standard setting. The memory module and cpu are two core components of the computer, are important components of the computer ecosystem, and the listing of cpu in support of the new generation of memory modules will facilitate the replacement of the memory module. The mainstream desktop level cpu in support of ddr5 was officially released in 2021, with a general desktop version.
The DDR5 memory module is gradually up: the mainstream server cpu that supports ddr5 was officially released between the end of 2022 and the beginning of 2023, and the ddr5 memory module penetration rate will continue to increase. Meanwhile, the ddr5 interface chip will continue in sub-rotation over the next two years, which will help to maintain the average sales price of the relevant product.
There has been a significant increase in ddr4 generations, and dddr5’s continued penetration and sub-alternation have helped companies to keep their sales revenues up. Large factories abroad have also continued to roll out new memory module products: Light showed the 256gb mcrdim memory module at the gpu technical conference hosted by Yveida in March of 24. These modules are specifically designed for the next generation of servers, including running the Intel to JFG extension “granite”
Server for the Rapids processor. Light announced earlier in March that new 256gb mcrdim samples were being made available to clients at a rate of 8,800 mt/s. egs platform upgrade + storage market repair, ddr5 penetration rate up
As information technology flourishes, such as 5g, ai, and big data, large data flows require additional server support. According to the China-China Intelligence Network, global cloud-based markets grew steadily in 2022, reaching $491 billion in size, a 19 per cent increase compared to the same year, and the rate of increase declined more sharply owing to multiple factors such as inflationary pressures and macroeconomic downsides.
According to the Trendforce data, the trend in server-to-air output this year is still dominated by US-based csp, but it is constrained by inflation, high corporate financing costs, high capital spending, and overall demand has yet to recover to pre-epidemiological growth, estimated to be full in 2024.
The total cargo of the global server is about 13,654,000, an annual increase of about 2.05%. Market size, idc predicts the annual market size of $18.939 billion in 2023.Intel, based on the supply chain of the traditional data centre processors, held an ifsdirectect event on 21 February 2024.
After the Intel18a process, a new process road map was published, an evolutionary version of the Intel14a process technology and several professional nodes was added, and a brand-new intel-based advanced system encapsulation and testing capability was introduced to enable its clients to achieve their results in the ai field. Intel announced the first system-level replacement for the ani era, known as Intelfoundry.
Intel plans to introduce high-naeuv light-engine technology in Intel14a, delaying the introduction of high-naeuv, which is expected to start using new equipment between 2026 and 2027. We believe that the continuous evolution of the advanced production of the end-of-end process will speed up the process of generating Hpc-specific processors.
Currently, the cpu platform is gradually switching to a fifth generation to a powerful processor, emeraldrapids, with a maximum of 64 cores per cpu, and is equipped with an optimized memory controller compatible with ddr5 and running up to 5600 mt/s, whose data slot interface standard pcie is upgraded to gen5.0, while the RAM is upgraded to ddr5, supporting a single-channel transmission rate to increase to gen5.
16gt/s, support to channel 8 ddr5, as each channel supports two memory modules, which means that each cpu can support up to 16 memory module sets and upgrade memory specifications can also lead to upgrade of memory interface chip specifications.
Figure 30. Intel’s fifth-generation to powerful processor, emeraldrapids, with the data centre processing updates, ddr5 will continue to penetrate. According to the Media Network, dddr’s accelerated penetration is expected to increase as the Intel’s new generation platform, Meteorlake, is fully supported by ddr5 in the dram specifications, combined with the aipc trend.
Continuation. At the 2023q3 performance statement, technology also indicated that ddr5 penetration is expected to exceed 50% by mid-2024. Intel’s last generation of RAPorlake pens supported ddr4 and ddr5 dram specifications, but the latest téorlake fully supported ddr5 dram specifications, and amd followed by ddr5 penetration increases.
In the third quarter of 2023, the demand for ddr5 first-generation rcd chip continued to rise, the second-generation rcd chip started to scale, the third-generation rcd chip was first tested in October, and the company officially launched the ddr5 fourth-generation rcd chip in January 2024.
In addition, the storage market is moving out of the valley, and the dram is offering a boost. For pcdram, the new cpu machine is changing.
Upward to ddr5, the buyer ' s second-quarter purchase volume increased by approximately 3-8 per cent for the second-quarter contract price forecasted by Trendforce pcdram; and, on the part of servrdram, the buyer continued to increase its stock of ddr5 stock, but the actual penetration rate has not been as high as expected in the first quarter of the year, meaning that ddr5 demand has not been fully realized and ddr4 has not been sold at a reduced capacity, resulting in a significant increase in the second-quarter ddr4 contract price.
It will be higher than ddr5, the price margin will be gradually reduced, and Trendforce will estimate a 3-8 per cent increase in the contract price for the second quarter of the serverdram season; for the mobile dram, the buyer ' s current stock of water is healthy, but there is no clear signs of recovery of demand, and the passive influence of the buyer ' s bargaining attitude may alleviate the seller ' s intent to increase the contract price for the second quarter by estimating the price for the mobiledram.
In the case of graphicsdram, driven by other dram products, the procurement end-of-end kinetic energy continues to be sustained when the former plant is in a booming cycle, while the mainstream specifications gddr6116gb remain in demand, and in order to meet the objective of the entire dram item increase, the targetforce estimates for the second quarter of graphicsdram will increase by 3-8 per cent quarterly; in the case of Consumerdram,
Only one has a relatively robust demand in related areas, and some television and network applications have a demand for stock-backs, but telecommunications, network tendering projects are slow and the overall market situation is weak. The three former plants benefited from the boom and stocks were devalued, so the contract price increases in the second quarter of consummerdram during the past two seasons will be reduced to 3-8% by the quarter.
Three-star dram production is expected to return to its pre-2023 level in the second half of 2024. Omdia estimates that in 2024, q2 and three star drams were able to produce 1.75 million units, compared to 2.1 million in the same period last year. Production will increase to 1.965 million units in the third quarter of 2024, with a 41 per cent increase in 1,425 million pieces, and three-star dram production will return to its pre-2023 level or be an important sign of warmth in the storage industry.
We believe that, along with the recovery of the storage industry, the demand for data centres is also recovering, adding to the prospect that the technology ddr5-related products will go hand in hand.
Data growth drives demand. The twenty-first century is considered as the information age from data. Emerging applications such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, block chains, 5g, and object networking generate a large amount of data every hour and apply it to all aspects of people’s daily lives. Data have become the fifth largest productivity factor after land, labour, capital, technology.
The total number of ball data reaches 85zb and will reach 175zb in 2025, with cagr reaching about 20%. Large data for the birth of the ii model gives rise to fertile soil. Large model parameters bursting up, and arithmetic becomes the key to development.
The numbers have increased from 1.5 billion to 17.5 billion. As the parameters have grown in size, the burden of arithmetic has increased. If a larger model is to be run in a shorter time frame, it will have to be further increased. For the foreseeable future, it will be a key technical capability that bigai enterprises will have to build up. Only with sufficient arithmetic will it be possible to support a more complex and larger model of artificial intelligence that allows them to do so.
At the same time, a higher level of arithmetic will drive the advancement of artificial intelligence technology. A stronger measure of arithmetic means more sophisticated models and deeper learning, which will help improve the performance and intelligence of artificial intelligence systems.
The growth is not only a necessary demand for an enterprise, but also a driving force in the development of artificial intelligence technology.
Blackwellgpu's 20 pflops. Huang In-hoon announced that In Weida had raised single-cardai training performance 1,000 times over eight years. It was about to be combined with a gracecpu. The gb200 superchip combined two blackwellgpu and cpu, with a full tdp of 1,200 w per gpu, bringing the total tdp of the superchip to 2700w (1200wx2+300w).
The development of one is dependent on a server, and the high-speed communication between the server processor and the memory is a problem that has been sorely needed in recent years. In the case of the one server, cpu is responsible for the logical operation of the data. As a result of the development of server capacity, cpu is already processing at a much faster rate than hard.
The memory group takes less time than the time to access the memory. By using the register, cpu accesses memory less often, thus increasing the speed of cpu ' s work; cpu corresponds to gpu and visible, which are components used to store graphic information to be processed, and each pixel point controls its brightness and colour with 4 to 32 or even 64 bits of data, which must be stored through the memory.
By displaying chips and cpu deployments, the results of the calculations are translated into graphic output on the monitor. As cloud computing and the application of the ai have evolved in recent years, the problems of slow data handling and energy consumption in the context of the data currents at the computation centre have led to a critical bottleneck in computing. Over the past two decades, processors have increased their performance at about 55% per year, and memory performance has increased at a rate of about 55% per year.
As a result, the uneven rate of development has caused the current storage rate to lag significantly behind the processor’s calculation rate, and improvements in the relevant chip are expected to solve the problem. In the trillion-dollar age, one’s computing performance requires continuous improvement, in the form of inter-card connections between nodes and nodes of the computing system.
Network interconnection, with pcie at the bottom of the high-speed interconnection, is urgent for pcie ' s technical overlap and location. From pcie 3.0, 4.0, 5.0 to 6.0, data rates are doubled, January 2022, pci-sig announced the official release of the pcie 6.0 standard V1.0 version, 6.0 supports 64gt/s, 16-way two-way conveyor belt bandwidth of up to 256gb/s.
The pcie standard continues to be updated to match the higher interconnection needs for the pcie technological upgrade to help improve the performance of the eaglestream server platform. The new generation server platform is a high-performance computing platform based on fpga, designed for data centres and cloud computing applications.
Eaglestream uses fpga acceleration techniques to achieve more efficient computing and data processing. The eaglestream platform uses the sixth generation of xilinxultrascale+fpga, equipped with high-speed network interfaces and storage devices to support multiple computing and storage needs. The new product will change significantly in chip production, memory standards, bus standards, etc.
These key components are communicated by hard disks, web cards, etc., and the chips that control these communications are referred to as chip groups (including memory control chips, pcie control chips, i/o process chips, etc.), and the lines that provide these communications with roads are the bus lines (including pcie bus, usb bus bus, spi bus etc., where pcie is the main bus) and ultimately the cpu, chip group and bus are the same as the server as a whole.
. With the platform switch, bus levels and transmission rates are upgraded: according to newssight, the corresponding pcie interface level is upgraded from pcie 3.0 to pcie 5.0, from pgt/s to 32gt/s from pgt in 2017.
The development to pcie 5.0, the doubling of the rate of data transmission, coupled with outstanding signal decay and reference clock time reordering problems, has significantly limited the application of hypervelocity data transfer protocols to the next generation of computing platforms. The high-speed transmission problem of pcie 4.0/5.0 has increased the demand for design to optimize the interconnectivity of high-speed circuits and systems, increasing the R & D heat to maintain signal integrity under hypervelocity transmission.
To compensate for high-speed signal wear and tear, the quality of the signal is enhanced by adding hypervelocity time-series integration chips (retimer) to the chain. The pcieretimer chip has become one of the key high-speed electrical devices, primarily addressing the high-speed, long-range transmission of data centres with different time series, loss and lack of integrity.
In pcie technology, insert loss increases as the rate of data transmission increases. pcie regulates the precise insertion loss budget. As shown in the figure below, pcie 6.0 insert loss budget is 32 db, meaning that the design must ensure that the total loss of the signal during transmission does not exceed 32 db to maintain signal quality; and pcb for pcie 6.0 in the case of insertion loss budget, pcb
The maximum line length of the circuit board is 3.4 inches (approximately 8.64 centimetres), which may lead to a reduction in signal quality and affect the reliability of data transmission. Pcierettimer solves the problem of penetration loss better than the pcb solution.
Transfer distance is an important issue for industry, and there are two solutions: the use of low-loss pcb, but at high cost. The main panel alone can lead to significant cost increases and cannot effectively cover multiple connector applications. For example, the cost of pcb material metgtron6 is about seven times that of fr4.
2) Introduction of appropriate chain extension devices, such as retimer. Using pcieretamer chips, analogue signal and digital signal modem techniques, rescheduled techniques to compensate for loss of the channel and eliminate the effects of various vibrations, thereby enhancing the integrity of the pcie signal and increasing the effective transmission distance of the high-speed signal.
The length of the line increases the advantage of the retimer technology path. The pciertemer chip: a key interconnection component of the data centre for the i era. The pciertemer chip is an important interconnection chip in the future data centre area that can be used to connect cpu to typical high-speed externalities such as gpu, nvmessd, rismer cards.
The rapid growth of the one server and the increased importance of the pcierettimer chip are highlighted by the fact that a typical eight-block gpu mainstream i server currently requires eight or even 16 pcie 5.0 retimer chips. According to industry analysis, pcie 5.0 retimer chip market patterns are expected to increase significantly compared to pcie 4.0 and, for supply security reasons, customers usually choose 2-3 pcie 5.0 retimer.
Consumer operations may continue to rely on pcie 5.0. pcie 5.0 has already provided enough bandwidth for most current consumer-level applications to upgrade to the pcie 6.0 standard at a relatively high cost. The current bandwidth requirements for the data centre, represented by the i-server, are extremely high. The faster bandwidth in the treatment of the ai/ml training model means that the co-response of the generation ai is faster, giving shorter text and graphic generation time to move in.
A step-by-step boost of user experience. It also means a significant reduction in operating costs. In Hpc servers that have been running for a long time, bandwidth means calculating efficiency, especially in terms of quantum mechanics and molecular dynamics applications, requiring higher bandwidth. If there is not enough bandwidth, only nodes are available to reduce bandwidth competition between different processes.
In terms of the use of high graphic loads, bandwidth determines the number and quality of cloud games. In 2029, it is expected to reach $2,040 million, and in 2023-2029, the capr was 12.52 per cent. China accounted for $1.018 billion in the global year in 2022, and the North American market caagr is projected to be about 11.63 per cent.
The annual global pcie 3.0 exchange chip market reached $417 million, or 46.87 per cent. The global pcie 4.0 exchange chip market reached $381 million in 2022. It is expected to reach $723 million in 2029.
One leads the pcieretamer market, and asteralabs go to the market. Currently, the primary supplier of the pcieretaminer chip, including the version of the astera, is already in preparation. Asteralabs came up to be a leader in the pcie 4.0 era and was the world's first producer to launch and measure the pcie 5.0 retimer chip, which was marketed on March 20, 20, 2024 in Nasdak, United States of America, at a cost of $36.
$116 million; Māori $5.868 million and $7.98 million, respectively, with good profitability. Asteralabs worked with md, arm, Intel and Inveda, and many of the servers used in amdepycgenoa/bergamo and the fourth and fifth generation of pcie 5.0 in Intel to strong cpu were used in the asteralabs' pcierenemer programme.
Joint release of high-performance signals based on three stars, pciegen5nvmessd(pm1743) and scaffolding pcie~5.0/cxl~2.02 retimer(m88rt51632), collating technology.
The White Paper on Sexual Solutions Launchs the least productive pcle 6.x/cxl3.x solution and issues the first series of product aries 6, 16 under the configuration of 11w asteralabs
Psy-ky ps8936-32gpspciexpressgen516-laneretimemer, conforming to the pcie 5.0 standard, the company's pcierettimer chip, which uses advanced signal modem techniques to compensate for the loss of the channel and eliminate the effects of various sources of shaking, from
The pcie 4.0 retimer chip meets the basic pcie 4.0, pcie 5.0/cxl2.0retimer meets the basic norms of pcie 5.0 and cxl2.0, supports mainstream industry sealing, power consumption and transmission delay, etc.
Key performance indicators are internationally advanced, and extensive interoperability tests have been conducted with cpu, pcie, solid-state hard drives, gpu, and web cards. In January of this year, the company produced a pcie 5.0/cxl 2.0 retimer chip, the second declared producer of the product worldwide.
The underlying technology, the company serdesip, has made a breakthrough, and the app has been applied to the company's pcie 5.0/cxl2.02 retimer chip. After completing the aforementioned product volume, the company has developed and validated the pcie 6.0 retimer chip keyip.
In recent years, the development of artificial intelligence has shown a dynamic increase in the volume of data eruptions, and the exponential increase in the number of parameters of the algorithm model to accelerate the demand for the ai chip in the computing centre. In addition to traditional surveillance and computer visuals, the application of the ai to vector search, search for recommended advertisements has developed rapidly, and in natural languages.
At nlp, especially the llm orientation, a milestone has been reached in the recent past, with model generation, led by chhatgpt, becoming a new hotspot for artificial intelligence. The big models for i, like chhatgpt, have already shown their initial commercial scale, technical service base, accelerated formation, concern and industry penetration.
Businesses like Microsoft, Pepsi, Ali and others continue to increase their investment in leading industries. The company is also currently developing an ai chip based on the Near Memory Calculator.
"Four acres, ckd's udim, cxlxxc's aic card."
Scaler rcd, db, pmic, spd with pcieredir 65retimer
Reuse data freedom 1111. Here are three memory modules. A normal server can use a specified memory module. etechai calculators are usually used for a dedicated ai server, which is indicated here by a universal server.
The ckd chip of the web start-up is mainly used on the client (pc, laptop) and is shown here only as an overview of the ai chip solution: the company's first generation of the ai chip solution consists of related hardware, such as the ai chip, and the corresponding appliance software, using near-RAM.
Arithmetic architecture, used primarily to address cpu bandwidth, performance bottlenecks and gpu memory capacity bottlenecks in the context of the ari-calculation reasoning application under big data in order to provide clients with low-time, efficient ari-calculation solutions.ai chip is the core hardware of the solution, with modules such as ai-calculation subsystems, cxl controllers, ddr memory controllers, etc.
Comprising, one of which has a strong scalability of its computing subsystems, including dspcluster and aicorecluster, dsp supports generic vector calculations, aicore supports matrix and stencil calculations. The chip is targeted for the application of ai under a big data setting and isomer computing, cxl high-speed interface technology, dddr memory control technology, etc., with the associated technology of ai high performance computing, isomer computing, cxl high-speed interface technology, ddr memory control technology, etc.
At the same time, the company’s ai chip solution will support a well-developed ai software ecology that can target a variety of ai algorithms and models. Software and hardware combined depth optimization can support mainstream neural network models, such as visual algorithms, natural language processing, and referral.
In other directions, such as the system, it will facilitate follow-up work on hardware and software eco-development and market extension. Figure 46. Corporate-ai chip research and development project.
Cxl technology continues to innovate, and the company ' s mxc chip market lead cxl (computeexpresslink) technology is a new high-speed interconnection technology standard. Cxl provides a quick access option between the main memory and the traditional ssd storage to improve the memory hierarchy and optimize the performance of the data centre.
In order to address the memory gap between cpu and equipment, equipment and equipment and to address the waste, inconvenience and loss of performance caused by the partition of memory. The advantage of cxl is in terms of high compatibility and consistency of memory. Cxl has now issued several generations of standards, i.e., Chart 47.cxl expands dynamic memory.
Figure 48. cxl: Dynamic memory extension cxl aims to introduce pool technology to improve resource efficiency, improve system performance and respond to complex computing tasks. The memory pool significantly improves data-processing efficiency through pre-allocation and recovery of memory resources.
One of the design models is that the core resources required to be used on a regular basis in the process are first requested and placed in a pool, that the process is managed on its own, that increases the utilization of resources and ensures the quantity of resources available to the process, and that the frequently used techniques of chemization include memory pools, thread pools, and connection pools, among others, where memory pools and thread pools are most used and memory pools (memory) are used.
Pool is a dynamic memory allocation and management technology, and normally programmers are used directly to apply for and release memory, such as new, delete, Malloc, free, etc., with the consequence that when the application is running for a long period of time, the size of the requested memory block is variable, resulting in a large amount of memory debris being used frequently, thereby reducing the performance of the program and the operating system.
When a programr asks for memory, take a dynamic allocation from the pool, when the programr releases it, return the released memory to the pool, apply again, take it out of the pool and combine it with the free storage around it as much as possible. If the memory pool is not enough, the memory pool is automatically expanded to operate.
A larger memory pool is requested in the system. Chart 49.cxl Road Map Chart 50. Comparison of time delay for different storage media access
The mxc (computeexpresslinkmemoryexcontrollerchip) chip is a cxldram memory control and is the third type of equipment defined in the cxl protocol. The mxc chip is designed to provide high bandwidth, low-delayed high-speed interconnection solutions to support memory sharing between cpu and the equipment based on the cxl protocol, and the mxc chip is based on downstream storage capacity.
The demand for continuity of growth should be generated in two directions, i.e. memory expansion and memory pooling. First, large-scale applications will be memory expansion, with mainstream memory manufacturers now rolling out cxl memory extension products. In addition to memory expansion, another application will be RAM, which will be more likely to increase the economic efficiency of the data centre as a whole, such as balancing the needs of server memory peak valleys.
The company ' s mxc chip m88mx5891 can provide high-bandwidth, low-delayed high-speed interconnectivity solutions for cpu and cxl-based equipment.m88mx5891 internalizes cxl controllers, ddr memory controllers and ric-v microprocessors, supports pcie 5.0 interfaces, conforms to cxl2.0, supports jdecdddr4 and ddr5 standards, and provides smbus, i3c/i2c and spipi
The interface, which is used to connect cpu, memory systems and external flash, is a core chip to achieve memory sharing and memory poolization, in particular equipment such as memory aic extension cards, edsff memory modules, which can significantly enhance memory capacity and bandwidth to meet the growing demand for memory systems for applications such as high performance computing and artificial intelligence.
After the global release of the mxc chip in May 2022, the company has worked with a number of top-level global cloud computing firms and memory taps. In May 2023, the three-star electronics launched its first item, 128gbdram, which supports cxl 2.0.
The solution is commercialized, and the company’s mxc chip is used as the core control chip. In August 2023, the company’s cxlxxc chip successfully passed dozens of hard tests in the cxl coalition, becoming the world’s first tested memory extension control product, displayed alongside the internationally known cpu, storage manufacturer’s product on the cxl network, demonstrating industry’s recognition of the company’s technical power.
The company has completed the first generation of cxlmxc production version of streaming and sample preparation, and is now moving forward with the relevant pre-natal preparations, with the product expected to take the lead in future global market competition, which is expected to begin the uphill phase in the second half of the year. Close to the pace of memory technology updates, mrcd/mdb layouts benefit from depth.
mcr/mrdim is the next generation of high-performance server memory solutions.
The data transfer significantly increased the bandwidth of the memory, which in theory is twice the bandwidth of the mcr/mrdim memory as ddr5. mcr/mrdim is mainly applied to the i server, where the RAM bandwidth, such as the multinuclecpu, is high. mrcd/mbd combines the transmissions of each column and effectively converts two ddr modules (double data speed) to a qdr module (four times data rate).
At the Memcom2023 event, md announced that it was working with jedec to promote ddr5mrdim memory standards. Compared to the current ddr5dmm, the bandwidth would jump considerably, with the target rate for the first generation ddr5mrdimm being 8,800 mt/s, the target rate for the second generation being 12,800 mt/s, and the third generation expected to rise to 17,600 mt/s. Intel is also working with the sk Hercules and Reza.
Co-operate in the development of mcrdimm similar to mrdim, i.e. multi-routine combination array double-coupled memory modules (multiplexercombined ranksdims). Advances in these memory technologies, whether mrdim at mrd or mcrdimm at Intel, will drive the continued growth of the need for server memory interfaces and module packages and further increase the demand for mrcd/mdb.
Intensifies the depth of the technology mrdim/mcr memory interface chip, which benefits from the enhancement of memory capacity and bandwidth. ai applies or increases the demand for memory capacity and bandwidth. With the continued growth of demand for the server memory interface and modular packages, technology has invested in the development of the mrdim/mcr memory interface chip, using the mrcd*1+mdb*10 architecture, which is twice the theoretical bandwidth of ddr5, and which is significantly mentioned.
The global server ddr5 memory module is expected to reach 292 million in 2027, as projected by the third quarter study of 2023 by the world-renowned market research institute. One ddr5rdimm usually requires a rcd chip, a spd chip, a pmic chip and two ts chip.
The demand for the film will increase as the volume of the ddr5 memory module increases. And as the share of mrdim rises, the demand for mrcd/mdb chips for mrdim is expected to increase significantly. The company expects to begin to grow this year with the release of the new generation of cpu platforms that support mcrdim, which are planned by the mainstream server cpu.
The clock drive is integrated into the sentinel clock drive (registerlock drive) and is used on the server rdimm or lrdim module and is not deployed to the pc end.
The speed rate continues to increase, the frequency of clock signals is increasing, and the problem of clock signal integrity is becoming more acute. When ddr5 data rates reach 6,400 mt/s and above, the pc end memory e.g. desk machine and laptop udimm, sodimm module must use a dedicated clock-drive chip (ckd chip) to buffer the clock signal on the memory module to re-drive it at high speed.
The primary function of the chip is to buffer high-speed memory clock signals from desktops and laptop central processors and to drive their output to multiple dram memory particles on the udimm, sodimm module. At that time, the ckd chip will be required annually for the volume of udim and sodimm required in the year (support speeds 6,400 mt/s and sodmm).
In September 2022, the company released the first industry ddr5 first-generation clock drive (ckd) project prototypes and sent them to mainstream store operators, and the product will be used for a new generation of desktop machines and software.
Notebook memory. According to an intel forthcoming desktop end-processor model observation, an arrrowlake planned for release in 2024 could be the first intel to support ddr5-6400 and faster, and the company's current ckd chip of 6400mt/s canmm rises or is expected to expand the ckd chip requirements.
The RAM module is a new kind of memory module, located primarily in the laptop market, and the memory of the existing laptop is in two forms: a sodimm memory module, ddr5sodimm needs a spd chip and a pmic chip; and a straight welded lpddr, which welds directly to the main panel and does not need a spd chip or pmic chip.
Camm, which requires a spd chip and a pmic chip, would add to the demand for the spd chip and pmic chip if the camm were to be used extensively on the laptop in the future. Second, the camm is divided into two types according to the storage medium: one using ddr5dram and the other using lpdddr5. It is for the carmm using ddr5dram, when the data rate is 6400 mt/s and above.
Ckd chips may also be needed, which will increase the market demand for ckd chips.
Traditional data centre recovery, high speed servers, overseas Internet capital spending into the upper zone, traditional data centres or recovery growth, four major Internet companies in North America have experienced a steady upward trend for 24 years. According to Bloomberg data, Microsoft, Meta, Amazon, Google.
Capital spending will continue to increase steadily when downstream markets become cyclical. In 2024, all four major manufacturers will increase their spending on ai-related servers, chips, network equipment and other digital equipment. According to Bloomberg, combined capital spending in 24 years for Microsoft, Meta, Amazon, Google will amount to $18,1349 million, an increase of 22.99 per cent.
Figure 59. Annual capital spending on the North American Internet quartet (2019-2024e) continues to grow, with x86 servers remaining market mainstream and i servers rising.
23q3 global server shipments reached about 30,66,000, a decrease of about 22.77 per cent, and sales of $31,566 million, an increase of 0.5 per cent. Trendforce estimated that global server stock arrivals in 2024 were about 13,654,000, an annual increase of about 2.05 per cent. At the same time, the market continued to focus on the deployment of ani servers. In 2023, the volume of ai server was close to 1.2 million, an increase of 38.4 per cent, or the overall server.
Nearly 9% of the output. Benefiting from a North American cloud data centre operator ' s order drive, it is expected to rise to about 12.1% in 2024, 15% in 2026, and a double-digit growth rate, 2022-2026, i-server representing a global server, bmc chip manufacturer, controls chip revenue recovery or reflects a back-up cycle in the server market.
The server platform consists mainly of the technology-infested cpu and the mixed security memory module (hsdimm): the platform has a chip-level real-time security monitoring function that can play an important role in the area of information security by providing a safer, more secure data centre for cloud computing.
A reliable platform for computing. In addition, the platform integrates advanced isomer computing and interconnection techniques and can provide a powerful combination of data processing and computing support for applications in the big data and artificial intelligence age. Its product lines consist of two main components: cpu and blending safe memory modules (hsdimm).
cpu is one of the major products of the company's strategic layout of the data-processing chip, developed in conjunction with Intel and Qinghua University, with a significant increase in the performance of the fifth generation of products. cpu is a series of x86 architecture processors introduced by the company with security pre-screening (prc), dynamic security monitoring (dsc), applicable to  or other common server platforms, which have been updated.
Fifth generation cpu, based on the inner core of the Intel, fifth generation to the powerful scalable processor (code: emeraldrapids), has passed a pre-testing (prc) test for incendiary market-oriented X86 architecture server processor. The performance of the fourth generation has been significantly optimized, such as a single cpu with a maximum support of 48 cores, 96 linear ranges and a maximum three-stage buffer capacity of 260 mb;
The RAM of ddr5 can be as high as 5600 mt/s, with an interconnected aupi speed of up to 20 gt/s between cpu; based on the linpack test, the combined float point is calculated to be up to 40% higher. There are lower waiting power and higher energy efficiency ratios to meet the demanding work load challenges of ai, hpc, data services, network/5g, storage, etc.
The hybrid security memory module (hsdimm) provides a more secure and reliable memory solution for server platforms, using the company ' s own intellectual property mot-icmt memory monitoring technology. Currently, the company has launched two series of hybrid security memory modules: the standard, the baseline, the hybrid security memory module (hsdimm) and the streamlined version of the hybrid security memory module (hsdimm-lite), which could be of major importance.
Data centres and cloud computing servers provide hardware-level security solutions based on memory. For the Intel to Power Series, a new chapter on the national product cpu. In December 2023, Intel released a fifth generation to the powerful extension processor.
8558p; c4514y for Intelxeonsilver4514y and raising the main frequency to 2.6ghz (formerly 2ghz); c5520+ for Intelxeongoldc5520+; c6542y for Intelxeongoldc6542y; c6548y+for Intelxeon goldc6548y+, the capture series is clearly aligned with the top series, covering different core numbers and performance levels
The modifier, which caters for applications from high-end servers to data centres. Moreover, the company’s fifth generation cpu, which simply replaced Intel’s fifth generation with a powerful extended processor, was based on a combination of safe memory modules with autonomous intellectual property rights (hsdimm) that could provide different levels of data security solutions for different applications.
With color performance and rich model selections, the new power of a home-grown server chip, cpu is expected to tap opportunities in the context of the warming of traditional server markets. Eco-building is deepening, and brand recognition is increasing.
A number of server manufacturers have implemented high speed server platform-related products, developed a series of high-performance server models with unique safety features and applied to downstream industries such as finance, energy, government, transport, data centres, and smart cities. At the same time, the server platform has been completed with numerous operating systems, cloud infrastructure, databases, hardware (e.g. solid-state hard disks, gpu, memory) manufacturers in the country.
Product compatibility inter-certification, brand recognition rises from year to year, laying a solid foundation for the development of high-speed products in the domestic market. 1) Connected chip product lines: building technology to provide a range of memory-related interconnected chips, including memory interfaces and supporting chips, pcierettimer chips, ckd
The macro-environmental impact, the decline in demand for servers and computers, and the pressure on the industry as a whole to go to stock, is evident. But, with the rapid development of aigc, there will be an increase in the demand for one servers, or some relief from the pressure on industry to go to stock, and a rapid increase in ddr5 penetration in 2024.
At the same time, a more frequent ddr5 succession is expected to contribute to a steady increase in the Māori ratio of companies. Retimer chips, mrcd/mdb chips, ckd chips, mxc chips, etc. These new products involve cutting-edge technology in the industry and benefit from the ai industry wave.
The new products will make a positive contribution to the company’s future performance. Concealed server platform product lines: The capture server platform consists mainly of technology-based capture cpu and hybrid safe memory modules (hsdimm).
The impact of falling demand in the service and computer industries has been on stock, with corporate capture of cpu falling since 2023 compared to the same period the previous year, but the server model of the company carrying the capture of cpu has been widely applied to downstream industries such as finance, energy, government, transport, data centres and smart cities, with products widely recognized by clients and rapidly promoted and sustainable for subsequent operations.
Given that corporate capital spending is expected to rise in 24 years, global server output will increase at the same time, and we expect a gradual recovery of the server platform product line, while the Māori rate will accompany the reservoir with a favourable or simultaneous restoration of water storage, with an estimated revenue from the capture of the server platform in 2023/2024/2025 in the amount of 0.94/850.950 billion.
Relative valuation: The company currently operates primarily on memory interface chips, Xin Quick server platforms. We have selected three companies that belong to the same three tiers of the Shin Wan industry: Digital Chip Design Master; Micro-Innovation; East-Engine shares; Price-Engine shares as comparable companies. Micro-Innovation: The company ' s main business is the development, technical support and sale of storage, microcontrols, and sensors. The company ' s product is noor.
Flush, Nandflash, etc., are widely used in various areas, such as hand-held mobile terminals, consumer-type electronics. East kernel shares: the company is the leading storage chip design company in mainland China, focusing on the development, design, and sale of small- and medium-capacity generic storage chips, and a small number of companies in mainland China that can provide complete solutions to storage chips like Nand, noor, and dram.
Pulse shares: The company, which has been farming for many years in the area of non-lossive memory chips, by virtue of its low-power, high-reliability product advantage, has accumulated good brand recognition among its downstream clients, becoming one of the main suppliers in the country’s norflash and eeprom.
The company, an internationally known company for data processing and interconnection chip design, has been working with market trends since its inception, and its products have continued to evolve. The company launched the ddr2 service buffer chip product in 2005, followed by the dddr upgrade, and the company has been active in promoting industry standards for global memory interfaces and continuously investing in research and development for product upgrading.
In 2023, as a result of falling global demand for servers and computers, the volume of corporate memory interface chips and captures decreased significantly from the previous year. But with industry inventory degeneration and inventory management initially yielding results, companies accumulated deep industries.
The storage market recovery is not as fast as expected: the current storage market is in a recovery cycle and if the size of the market is not restored or slow to recover in a short time, it will have a direct impact on the company’s recovery of related products. ddr5 penetration is not as high as expected: the ddr5 penetration rate is currently in a fast-growing cycle, if the ddr5 penetration rate is slowly or will increase
The new product is not as promising: the company is currently working on a variety of new interconnected chip products, and the company is currently working with the storage giant Hercules, Samstar, etc. to produce the product, if the product is not actually applied as slowly as expected, and will directly affect the company's internal chip interfaces The international environment is unstable: the company has a cooperative relationship with some semiconductor international giants, if the international environment is unstable and sanctions are imposed, etc.
It may affect the performance of the company.