The net profit has increased, and it is expected that the market will show up during the season, with the five grain fluids (000858.sz) and the five grain fluids issuing the 2018 semi-annual report. In the first half of 2018, the company achieved operating income of 214.21.
Billion dollars, an increase of 37.13 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother 7.11 billion yuan, an increase in the same year; (i) two quarters of income, net profit performance, a steady increase in output, income and total profit from the white wine industry in 2017
The company believes that the current pattern of competition in the white wine industry, as a whole, is characterized by three fundamentals: first, the strong recovery in the white wine industry, and second, the industry’s pre-eminence.
The trend towards concentration of brands has largely developed; third, the shift in the consumption of white wine from government consumption to commercial consumption, and from private consumption, has largely developed. The total production of wine brewing in the province of Sichuan has declined by the same year.
In the first half of 2018, white wine companies of national size and above completed the production of wine, which was 15.82 per cent more than the previous year; accumulated profits of $63.17 billion, which was 37.11 per cent more than the previous year; and completed wine production of 188.26 million litres in Sichuan province, which was lower than the previous year.
The growth rate of net profits in the second quarter is impressive. 218q1 and q2 companies, respectively, have completed their business earnings of 138.98 million yuan and 7,524 million yuan, respectively, at 36.80 per cent and 37.73 per cent respectively.
The largest income was in the first quarter or fourth; in recent years, however, in the second and third quarters, there has been a steady decline in the season, with income of $1 billion, an increase of $38.35, 55.20 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of 49.60, 21.27 (ii) on completion of the non-return to the mother, a qualitative advantage, a double profit.
The company’s business goal for 2018 is to achieve a 26% increase in gross operating income. In terms of income from 2018h1 and sales, it is expected that the business objective will be met.
Some of the six great advantages of the 650-year-old guests, the unique nature of the natural environment, the unique five food formulas, the unique pure-food solid state fermentation process, the unique mediocre harmony quality, and the unique size of the "Ten Mile Wine City".
Six unique advantages, full-priced series of products, match well the demand for consumption at different levels. The company is located in the heart of the “China White Wine Triangle” and has a unique natural ecological environment. It has inherited hundreds of years of national intangible cultural heritage items – five grains and liquid wines – and has tens of thousands up to the ancient cellars of Ming (used continuously in 1368 and 650).
The cave-like fermented ponds, which range from several decades, have the largest single-breeding workshops in the country. As a result of recent decades, the company has developed into a unique “10-mile barrage” with a capacity to produce 200,000 tons of pure grain-based solid fermented white wine annually, with a high-school, low-priced series of alcohol products that meet different levels of consumer demand.
The 1+3 " 4+4 " brand strategy to improve the competitiveness of the five-food fluids and series of wines. The company is committed to building a clearer "1+3" product system, establishing a strategy of high-end, international, fashionable, five-dimensional, five-food fluids around a 52-degree crystal bottle; and forming a series of four-plus4 wine branding matrices, namely, five-food springs, five-foodols, five-food caps and four-in-a-kind compacts.
Figure 1: Corporate product maps are well marketed and controlled to ensure market supply during the season. The company expects a total of 20,000 tons of five grain fluids to be released in 2018.
On July 23, a moratorium was issued on the receipt of a 52-degree order for a 52-degree order for a 52-degree order for a five-degree order for a five-degree order for a specific resumption of the order. On the morning of July 30, a special meeting was held in Nanjing with the China East Marketing Centre ' s Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five.
In addition, it was strongly urged that market availability should be further enhanced through better management and rational planning of marketing channels. The company’s efforts to ensure that the market for the last five grains at the end of the 13th and 5th can deliver up to 30,000 tons.
The first phase of the Ton Boiling Technology Improvement Project and the first phase of the 300,000 tons of pottery Chen Boiling Bank project ensured that the market for the last five grains of the 13th Five was released to 30,000 tons and that in the future it would be repackaged after three years of storage, fully releasing the white wine through improved production processes, efficiency gains, and a significant increase in the production of the 2018h1 company level alcohol in the first half of 2018.
The company strives to promote the traditional process of solid-food fermentation and further develops its five-food-breeding advantages and quality skills. The company is committed to strengthening its supply capacity and achieving new breakthroughs in efficiency. First, it undertakes in-depth research and analysis and takes a number of measures to promote the healthy functioning of the production system; second, it strengthens process management and builds a solid production system; and third, it focuses on skills-building.
In the first half of the year, there was a significant increase in the production of alcohol at the company level. The White House was prominent, with high prices accounting for about 77% of alcohol revenues in recent years, and a high, medium and low series of balanced developments.
There has been a decline in the first quarter, but there has been an increase of 3 percentage points over the same period last year.Figure 4: Changes in the cost of sales and management of companies in the single quarter of 2017 to date; Risks of price volatility of raw materials; increased risks from competition in the industry; risks to food security; and macroeconomic and policy risks.
Figure 6: Growth, profitability and operational capacity indicators (biannual) Table 3: Key financial indicators (annual comparison) Figure 7: Growth, profitability and operational capacity indicators (annual)