Performance was as expected, with continued attention to the execution of the order from the mainstream 5g base station vendor, an event review of the Xuantium (002463), a three-quarter report of 2019, and an operating income of $5.01 billion in the first three quarters of 2019.
In January-September 2019, the company achieved $5,010 million in sales revenue, an increase of 30.18 per cent compared with the mid-2019 increase of 0.68 percentage points.
In July-September 2019, total operating income of $1,888 million was achieved, an increase of 36.32 per cent over the figure; Māori 585 million saw a slightly faster increase in income compared to the second quarter, and Māori and parent net profits decreased significantly compared to the rate of increase, and suncan@cczq.com
The 5g-related product continues to be released, the number of lines and the 4g-related is maintained, and the Māori ratio continues to go up to space, while the revenue from the company ' s 5g-related product continues to be released in three quarters, but the share of the total revenue is still relatively low. Performance continues to grow rapidly, depending mainly on the digital communications segment of the communications plate, the structural dimensions of the high Māori product.
The company continues to promote the consolidation of production and management resources at the Green Shirts and Yellowstone plants, with a targeted modest expansion of capacity, and high-end products with sufficient elasticity. On the basis of relevant data and expected fine-tuning of profit projections, we expect the company to be operational in 2019-2021.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre, 28 Sinrixi Street, in the West Side, there is a comparative advantage, elasticity and space availability in the 5g and new energy automobile industries.
Hwang-hseng-hwan, Kikuji Road, No. 1,000, Fuhua, Fukuda District, and Free Trade Experiment, China.
I don't have, do not have, do not have, and will not have any part of my pay.
The company does not view the recipient as a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business relationship with the company, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, for example, until it is publicly disclosed or agreed to by the company.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report can be modified without notice, and investors should be aware of the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.