Conservative 5g, fast-growing performance, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: The company achieved operating income of $5.01 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 30.18 per cent in the same year; Net return return profit of $850 million, an increase of 122.1 per cent in the same year; Performance met expectations and the quarterly round continued to rise.
3.2-420 million. In 2019, the q3 battalion collected $1.89 billion, an increase of 36.3 per cent over the same year, and 35.9 per cent over q2
Since the second half of 2018, the company's product structure has continued to improve, top-end communications boards have been expanded by the base station, and orders from the Green Pine factory have been overstretched and productive.
The production structure continued to improve during the three-quarter period, with the high-end stock ratio rising to boost the Māori rate. The construction of 5g is still accelerating, and it is expected that the high-end telecommunications board ratio will remain much higher in 2020. Yellowstone works well on the slopes, and with bottleneck equipment and personnel filling, a single-month production value is expected.
The Qing Pong plant sewage index is expanding, and the expansion of capacity is expected to accelerate, with forward planning of a single-month production value of 750 million, effectively meeting the strong demand for communication boards. Motor board demand is stable, waiting for the industry to recover.
With long-term technological accumulation, companies are expected to open up new energy car customers by the end of the year. Yellowstone II is scheduled to be operational by the end of the year, and as the auto industry recovers, it is expected that the two plants will be able to climb up the slopes to contribute to growth.
• Three fees have continued to fall and net interest rates have continued to rise. q3 sales/management/financial rates/research and development inputs have continued to improve as a result of high demand for communication boards, high capacity utilization, and significant management scale effects, with a 19.7 per cent net interest rate in the first quarter of the q3 quarter, which has reached an all-time high.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals. Based on strong demand for corporate communication boards, the product structure continues to improve, public expectations are maintained, and 5g+ automobiles have performed with high e-wheel drive performance. No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, specific recommendations or views in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.