3-quarterly report on the expected high performance/electronic component
Incidents: On 28 October, the company issued three quarterly reports: 5 billion yuan in the month of September, an increase of 30 per cent in the same year, 850 million yuan in the net profit of the mother, an increase of 122 per cent in the same year, and 810 million yuan in the net profit of the mother, an increase of 137 per cent in the same year; 980 million yuan in net cash flow from operating activities, an increase of 62 per cent in the same year.
q3 Performance meets expectations, business continues to improve \triangleright 2 and performance growth benefits mainly from continuous business improvement and a significant increase in the Māori ratio over the same period; and scale effects
The demand for the business communications board is strong, the 5g business share is increasing.
The company will continue to benefit from 5g capital trends, high-speed servers, and network equipment upgrades as one of the core suppliers of 5gpcb. The current high Māori ratio of 14-38 floors of corporate communications markets and office industry equipment boards are the backbone of the company’s revenues, increasing faster revenue and effectively generating overall profitability.
The Yellowstone II plant is well under way, the high- and medium-end product input of the car board continues to increase, and the partial production of the Yellowstone II plant has begun to be tested in September, while the low- and high-end carboard input of the company continues to increase the high-morigin rate and the product structure and productivity of the company continues to increase.
The company is a leading domestic supplier of communications and car pcb, with a long-term benefit of 5g capital and car digitization. The sw printing circuit board industry has a 42-fold valuation, maintaining the company’s “recommended” rating.
1. Power shares (002463), 1 production capacity is not as high as expected: 2, Māori rates have fallen significantly as a result of strong motor panel competition: 3, 5g Progress Division Review: q3 is optimistic, benefiting 5g capital trends
2. Perigee (002463) company depth: 5g+ motor panel driven growth, yellowstone deficit performance to the corner Summary of data projections in corporate financial statements
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity and Investment Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai Transport University.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,