19-year performance forecast meets expectations and 5-g orders are adequate
The 19-year performance forecast meets expectations, the ring ratio is expected to improve, and the performance forecast is consistent with our previous judgement.
Power continues to rise; the share of direct exports to the United States is low and is less affected by trade frictions. 5g products are supplied in bulk, corporate communications orders are full, and the share of high-end products such as high-speed boards is expected to rise. 1 5g products have been delivered in bulk to major global communications equipment manufacturers, and the share of business continues to rise.
As one of the 5gpcb core suppliers, continued to benefit from the 5g capital trends, high-speed servers and products such as networks 2, downstream high-speed servers, data storage, switchboards and routers, with high speed transmission speed and signal integrity requirements for servers compared to high-speed copper sheet raw materials
The average copper plate is several times expensive, and it is expected that next year the 5g-sized infrastructure will lead to a high-speed increase in the volume of high-speed panels, that the plant will effectively boost the production capacity of high-end pcb and that the market share is expected to continue to rise. The current high Māori ratio of 14-38 floors of corporate communications and office industry equipment boards is the company’s main source of revenue, with faster revenue growth.
The high- and medium-end product structure continues to be optimized, and Yellowstone has successfully moved into production, despite a contraction in domestic car sales in the last three quarters, competition for low- and medium-end carboard products and growing companies.
High rates of mid- and high-end car board inputs and orders are imported, product structure and production efficiency are improving continuously, motor power is rising steadily, and will continue to benefit from adas and new energy car policies. In September, the Yellowstone II plant partially started testing, and the Yellowstone car board line is now in production.
The company is the leading domestic supplier of communications and automobiles pcb and has long-term benefits of 5g capital and car electronicization. The sw printing circuit board industry is valued at 40 times, maintaining the company’s “recommended” rating.
1. E-Commerce (002463), Department Review: Three-quarters report meets expectations, performance continues to be high, production capacity is not as high as expected; 2, Māori rates have fallen significantly as a result of intense motor panel competition; 3, 5g progress
2. Public share of electricity (002463): q3 optimistic outlook, benefiting 5g capital trend Summary of data projections in corporate financial statements
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity and Investment Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai Transport University.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,