The Centre for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) has performed as expected, waiting for the release of 5g+idc demand.
It can be deduced that in the fourth quarter of 2019, net return profits are expected to be between $30 million and $40 million, corresponding to the same level of demand vacuum of q4, and that the company ' s performance is largely stable: this year ' s communications plate has picked up a 4g replenishment, a 5g start-up and a foreign exchange has been upgraded to 400g with multiple benefits in the area of pcb
1. " 5g volume rises, server high relay growth - the long line, the full-scale layout of the network of operators, data centres, etc., in many applications, with deep binding of the world ' s leading equipment providers, thus achieving a high growth of double performance.
Although the q4 growth rate is slightly lower, according to Prismark, the q4 one-quarter pcb industry output growth rate will decline from 11.8 per cent of q3 to 0.7 per cent, indicating that the overall demand for q4 is low, while next year's first half of 5g tenders will be completed and 4g renovations will be nearing completion, and the communication panel requirements will not be released, because
In this context, we believe that it is difficult and desirable for companies to maintain a steady performance during this vacuum of demand. Next year’s overall warming of the environment, 5g+idc remains in the main direction: according to the prismmark, the trend of 2020 has been set.
Uplight communications will be activated, 400g cloud equipment will explode after delivery of the Bobontomahawk4 chip, and pcb in the 5g and idc fields is expected to remain high-growth next year. The plant will continue to be high-end, waiting for yellowstone and profit improvement: the product structure of the plant will be high-end communication panels.
Whole (5g and switchboard-related panels, etc.), while medium- and low-end communication boards gradually shift to yellowstone phase I; and under the trend of high-end osmosis at the Qing Quantium plant, yellow stone phase I has gradually been upgraded from 10 floors to 16 floors inside, and the yellow stone phase II partial process has begun to test and produce: Quantified Microelectric Power.
This year's performance has been constrained by the market demand, but even under these circumstances, the firm's Māori rate for the board is still impressive, and it can be seen that when demand improves, the board business will make a significant contribution to performance.
The demand is not as high as expected: the price of 5 g and pcc of idc is not as high as expected: the market share of the company is not as high as expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment