The world's leading terminal hardware and intelligence platform, robots opening up long-term space, taking advantage of intelligence (00260.sz) 05 0825
• The global leading iai terminal hardware manufacturing platform, covering for the first time, giving a “buy-in” rating.
Growing up as a global leading i-end hardware and intellectual platform covering consumer electronics, automobiles, low-altitude economies, clean energy, robotics, and so on. Companies covering major global customers such as Apple, Hua, Mi and Samstar in consumer electronics/structurals have in recent years begun to expand their intelligent robotics.
● Consumer electronic process matrix continues to improve, automobiles/low-space/light storage open up long-term space Consumption electronic aspects, as end-ai model technology continues to overlap, ai cell phone/aipc and other end product is rapidly permeating in traditional products, ai cell phone is more in demand for heat, batteries, fast charge, etc. Apple/
The company is expected to continue to benefit from hardware upgrades and sales increases as the average vc heat board, steel shell batteries, high-power chargers in Andre's mobile phone. In the new energy sector, the company continues to deploy products such as auto-movement battery structures, plaque and light storage reverses, and plans to expand the product further through mergers and acquisitions.
Matrix, downstream demand is expected to grow over the long term. • From process to product. New business long-term layout for People/Eye/Fail/Forcing.
In the product areas of appliance, folding screen equipment, server radiator and power supply, the user is provided with core parts of the product, various modules, assembly and soft and hard integration solutions, moving from the manufacturer of the platform to the provider of the product.
Key zero components, such as smart hands, self-researching multi-industrial/human robotics, and building a whole-air assembly line that can provide full-time replacement services to clients, are already working with such clients as the Skywork Robots, the Think-Man Robots, and others. The company’s forward-looking layout in many areas is expected to benefit fully from the rapid growth of demand in the future industry.
Qualitative risk: the company ' s new business is not moving as fast as expected. 1 Ingenuity: the world ' s leading terminal hardware manufacturing platform 1.1 Corporate overview: starting with consumer electronics, building a global terminal hardware manufacturing platform
Founded in 2006 and registered in Shenzhen, formerly a leading company in electronics and technology (shenzhen), in 2018, the borrowing of magma from the river was completed through asset restructuring and placed on the market in deep contact. The company uses model cutting products into the consumer electronic precisions, gradually expanding horizontally to a variety of jobs, such as pressurization, cnc, plasticization, etc.
Art platforms, vertically extended to downstream industrial chains such as modules, whole-air assembly, odm, business areas expanded to new applications such as aai terminal hardware, automobiles and low-altitude economies, clean energy, robots, servers, and client groups covered mainstream consumer electronics brand manufacturers ( apples, Chinese, glory, oppo, vivo, milli, pass-through).
Global headlines in the areas of automobiles, photovoltaic storage, robotics, services, etc. have now become a global consumer of sophisticated electronics and structural software solutions.
(1) Initial start-up period (2006-2008): tactile processes are introduced into the consumer electronics market, with core clients including Nokia, Neporo, Biadei and Fuscan groups, with a sustained but low base of revenue. The Tianjin plant was established in the year after this phase, and the German and Taiwon branches were deployed in 2008 to successfully import apples with ipod parts.
The core clients are still in Nokia, Apple, and its replacement plants.
The scope has been expanded from ipod to iphone, ipad, imac, and macbook products, with technology reserves, asset specifications and customers significantly increasing their viscousness, revenue collection and product matrix synthesizing. Expansion. Access to vivo in 2014, working with Opo in 2015 and extending to China as a supply chain in 2016.
In 2015, the localization process was launched, and in 2017 the accreditation process was approved by the CMS through the Emancipated Magnetics Reorganization Programme.
(4) The period of diversification (from 2018 to the present): the company has taken the shell and entered the phase of globalization, with the cost of continuously upgrading the electronics major industry, with the deployment of odm, new energy vehicles, photovoltaic storage, smart robots, server power and heat radiators. On 31 January 2018, the company completed a reverse acquisition and renaming of gyromite magnets.
In 2021, the company built Guilin, Suzhou, the Turkish factory and Shenzhen Ping Lake Industrial Park: 2022, the United States factory came into operation: 2024, the focus of the ai end-increment, which boosted the consumer electronics sub-growth curve; 2025, the company began to work on a full-scale extension machine.
New business, server heat, ai glasses, low-altitude economy, etc., creating the n growth curve. More specifically, new business developments in the public sector: 1 charge-backed odm, company acquisition of Selconche into odm in 2019; 2 photovoltaic storage energy, company R & D started in 2019 and produced in 2020; and 3 new energy vehicles, public cars.
In 2021, the Department acquired Joo Hae Wei Wei and Zhejiang Jintai to expand the new energy vehicle business; (4) human robots, the Department worked with Hanson in 2023, developed in-depth partnerships with overseas smart robot head clients and domestic smart-won clients in 2024, and companies have a speed cutter, a controller, an executor, and a smarter.
Core parts, such as hands, and full-air assembly capacity; 5 server heat evaporation, which the company became an amd supplier in 2025, can provide a variety of products for different clients, such as wind-cold radiator modules, fluid cold evaporation, etc. Founder leads, equity concentration stabilizes, and employees inspire long-term confidence. As of 2025q1, winning investments
As the controlling shareholder of the company, which holds 59.07% of the company ' s shares, the founder of the company, Ms. Tsang Fangqiao, as the actual controlling person of the company, indirectly holds the company ' s shares by holding 100% of the winning investment and directly owns 2.06% of the listed company ' s shares, which together hold 61.13% of the company ' s shares. In July 2024, the company adopted a new employee holding scheme.
The rest of the shareholders include, among other things, the 2022 employee holding scheme, land holding, institutional investors, and individual shareholders. The corporate equity structure is generally concentrated, with multiple employee holding schemes leading to the sharing of the benefits of core talent, improved governance stability, and long-term healthy development.
The structure of the organization is complete and the business modules are efficiently linked. The company currently divides the companies and operational entities into several bgs and bbus according to the type of business in the main business: consumer electronic plates, home-grown precision functional/structural business owners are required to be mutilated bg, bludgeoned bg, Chinese cnccbg, modifier bg, softgoods
bg Recharged odm operations are carried out mainly by Selconims, Selconbg, module operations are carried out mainly by the East Tai Module Bu, the East Tai Mim, tmbu, material operations are coordinated by magnetic material bg, and modules such as the Topmodule, smart wear and heat-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-ca-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-ca-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-bus-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-bus-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-bus-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-
Operations such as South Bu, Small Indian Bu, Indiae Non-Electrified (a) run. Companies use business plates Matrix architecture design to flatten and implement decision-making chains through modular management systems, while strengthening cross-sectoral resource integration and process synergies to form end-to-end response mechanisms that are demand-driven and effectively support operations
Figure 1: Corporate equity structure concentration and stabilization: clear corporate organizational structure and clear division of labour across business segments
As of 2025, the company's directors were nine, ranging from 41 to 70 years of age. The founder of the company was the chairman and general manager of the company, and in the prime of his career, led the enterprise's long-term development with forward-looking strategic thinking.
The Board of Directors, Supervisory Board and Senior Management Team have been leading the strategic direction of the company.
The team as a whole formed an effective support system for strategic decision-making. In 2024, Nguyen was on the company’s board of directors and became the youngest member of the company’s board of directors, adding fresh blood to the company.
1.2 Main business: based on the ai terminal, expanding the multi-area areas of automobiles/new energy/robots.
The same year, the company expanded its robotic business and established good partnerships with its domestic and foreign front-line clients, amd, brembo, and so on.
(1)ai terminal hardware operations (a) image display operations: focus on video capture of terminal equipment such as smartphones, smart cars and robots.
(b) Material-type operations: operations focus on innovative applications of electronic and composite materials, and the development of carbon fibres
(c) Battery power operations: data centres and i-server power uplifting power management needs;
(d) Thermal management/distribution operations: at the core of key components such as vc allergy panels, radiator modules and composite materials.
(e) xr/ai glasses and wearable operations: smart wear settings such as focusar, vr, mr and ai glasses
(f) Predator assembly and other operations: as one of the most important links in the i-end industry chain, conduit assembly
The efficiency gains can be effectively reduced through supply chain integration and scale-up. Companies provide process-wide manufacturing services ranging from sophisticated structural elements to smart terminals, covering the integration of 3d printing, fibre-optic and automated production lines. (g) Sensors and module operations: Sensors refer to precision components and integration technologies for environmental perception and data transfer
The company develops products such as high-precision sensor metal, touch control modules and keyboard reflective components. (h) Collapse screen terminal hardware operations: folding screen hardware operations cover flexible display techniques, chain structures and superstructures.
(i) Robotic operations: companies cover industrial controllers, csv decryptionrs and automated production line solutions.
The year saw the launch of products such as “with” wearing bone-skeletal skeletal instruments, which showcased the products of multi-intelligent robotics at the Robot Strategy launch in June 2025, and launched strategic collaboration with 16 partners in the robotic industrial chain, such as elites, wise men, bullies, cross-borders, Fouriers, Sichuan, and strong brain.
(2) Automobile and low-altitude economic operations: the company focuses on the core components of new energy vehicles and key components of low-altitude vehicles, covering the power cell structure, flexible soft-linking master platoons, plastics, etc., with precision car-related structures, while the company cuts into the first-line branded customer system of the brake system, the electronic components of the layout vehicle.
(iii) Clean energy business: the company has a photovoltaic storage capacity at its core, providing micro-reversers, storage energy transformers (pcs) and photovoltaic wireless communication modules that can transform the solar module.
The Division delivers bulk quantities of micro-reversers and energy controller-related and high-power products to a domestic clean energy client overseas. Figure 3: Corporate operations cover the three main sections of the ai terminal, automobile and low-altitude economy and clean energy.
1.3 Financial performance: Rapid growth in income size, steady profitability, rising share of new business (1) Growth capacity: three stages of start-up, long-term and rapid development, and rapid growth in income size. Reorganisation into a mature expansion period, fluctuations in profit margins from shell operations and steady growth over the last two years,
In 2017, the company received $9,637 million, an increase of 82.7%. On January 31, 2018, the company completed a reverse acquisition of gyromagne and acquired a better name for it. After listing, the listed company merged the former gyromite business, raising the revenue to $22.5 billion, which was 11.92% thereafter.
(b) In terms of profits: Prior to listing, the net return to the mother of the beneficiary technology was on the rise in volatility, reaching 1683 million yuan in 2017, an increase of 169 per cent over the same period. After restructuring in 2018, the company as a whole lost 680 million yuan in net profit to the mother, mainly because of the historical legacy of the former river powder magnet system being burdened by the gold-rich events and the risk of major trade advances.
On the other hand, in 2018, the net profit from the beneficiary technology section was 1.996 billion yuan, an increase of 18.6 per cent over the same period, and in 2019, the net profit from the public market was reversed. The net profit from the beneficiary was 1,894 million yuan, rising to 2,266 million yuan in 2020, an increase of 19.6 per cent over the same period.
Since then, the single-quarter net return profit has continued to grow at a positive rate, with the single-quarter return net profit increasing by 23.52 per cent over the same period, and the 2024q3 business turning point clearly, which is expected to continue to grow steadily, according to the 2018 consolidated statement data accounting for the January-December operations and originals of profit technology.
In 2018, the combined statement data were accounted for in terms of profit technology operations of January-December and former listed companies of February-December operations (2) profitability: profits and losses from shell operations at the beginning of the re-marketing process resulting in Māori rates, net
(a) Māori ratio: the company ' s Māori ratio has been rising and falling since the re-marketing in 2018, with the overall fixed cost-sharing pressure and the price of raw materials rising. Since then, the company ' s Māori rate has gradually recovered as a result of business adjustments, and (b) net interest rates: changes in net interest rates have been similar to trends in Māori rates, but have been disturbed by special events during the life cycle
Performance compensation for fair value changes generated by the shares is recognized centrally) and there are abnormal fluctuations in net interest rates. 2021 Structural improvements in capacity and optimization of asset liquidity efficiency. (3) Cost rates: overall maintenance of R & D versus administrative rates, financial and sales rates are flat
This change is mainly the result of the relocation of the Shenzhen plant area from structural unit operations, which resulted in a one-time charge for some equipment and renovation pending amortization costs, which was accounted for by depreciation amortization costs. Figure 6: Changes in the structure of the company ' s products have led to a slight decrease in profitability in recent years
Figure 7: Corporate Roe ' s ongoing rehabilitation to medium-level industry in recent years (4) cash flow performance: operating cash flows remain adequate to support company development. In 2023, the year of implementation returned to 2022 levels. The data show that net operating cash flows at the end of 2024 amounted to $4,021 billion, net return to the mother.
The net operating cash flow at the end of 2023 amounted to $5.295 billion, resulting in a net return of receivables as a result of the management of the accounts receivable; and (3) the company ' s long-term asset investment in 2021, which resulted in a larger depreciation of assets in 2022, affected the level of net profits for the period.
(v) Sub-operations: the i terminal hardware product contributes 90% of the revenue, the share of new business is gradually rising, and the consumer of electricity sub-products is more profitable. According to the latest 2024 financial report, the company’s main business can be divided into three major segments: i terminal, automobile, low-altitude economy, and clean energy: (a) revenue ratio: the company’s business expansion area in 2024.
Focusing on the expansion of robotic operations, i terminal operations grew to 92.13 per cent, car and low-altitude economic operations decreased by 4.79 per cent, clean energy operations decreased by 1.93 pct, 2.65 per cent, mainly customer orders, zero-asset operations remained at a high Māori level, but some new operations and products were in the start-up phase and were profitable.
There is a gap in the more traditional business, which leads to a decline in the level of Māori. The annual contribution of Māori, such as automobiles and the low-altitude economy, to 71.7% of revenue in the offshore market, is increasing year by year, while the share of income in mainland China has shrunk accordingly. The reasons for the high share of offshore income are as follows: (a) globalized production; and (b) business model: company matching.
The company’s production sector produces the order orders received by the billing centre, which then sells the product to its downstream customers. The final order centre is settled in foreign currency, and the company’s revenue from customs clearance and settlement in foreign currency is divided into proceeds of foreign sales.
In terms of Māori, the profit margin in the offshore market is clear, with Māori sales reaching 1.4 in 2024, competitive advantages: global production spread risk, high-intensity R & D build-up ecological barriers (1) Global spread geo-risk, United States tariff policy has a more limited impact
The global layout is a cross-cutting development, with domestic and external production and capacity cycles. Companies have deployed 58 production positions and R & D centres in several countries and regions around the world, including low-tax or production advantage regions such as Turkey, Brazil, India, Viet Nam, France, Singapore, where there are sufficient stocks of productive capacity. For its part, India has enacted more preferential policies on electronic manufacturing.
According to Bloomberg, the Indian Ministry of Electronic Information Technology has proposed at least Rs. 230 billion (about $2.7 billion) to support manufacturers of components such as batteries and camera parts. At the same time, India is expected to reduce production costs by reducing tariffs on some of the zero electronic components, as requested by industry.
The company has achieved local management of R & D, production, and delivery through the overseas distribution of capacity, which is centrally managed and independently operated locally and can respond quickly to clients’ needs.
Localization operations, new project R & D imports, and volume delivery are on track. In the future, overseas operations will gradually increase profitability, creating a two-cycle, two-way business pattern, both within and outside the country.
On the one hand, iPhone imports to the United States alone are subject to tariff escalation, and most of the demand can be met through Indian production. At the end of the distribution, according to idc statistics, the global volume of iPhones in 2024 is about
2.33 million, of which the United States market accounted for about 28.44 per cent, remained at around 30 per cent for almost seven years. In terms of productivity, India produced around 15 per cent of the global total in 2024, and the Apple in 2025, the factory Fujikang continued to expand the Indian assembly capacity ratio to meet demand in the United States region. January-May 2025, rich.
In the meantime, the Apple Plan expands India’s iPhone capacity to 25% by 2025, and India’s future capacity is expected to meet all North American demand. We believe that apples are expected to be transferred through “short-term price increases, long-term endogenous capacity transfers.”
By reducing additional tariff costs, for example, the impact on upstream suppliers of spare parts is more limited. On the other hand, as a supplier of apple-based precision parts, companies have already deployed their capacity in overseas areas such as India, Brazil, and Turkey, where orders that match US demand can be produced overseas, and US tariff issues have a more limited impact on corporate performance.
Figure 15: Companies have more than 50 production bases and R & D centres worldwide (2) sustained high-intensity R & D inputs to build rich technological platforms, construct sophisticated intellectual barriers, continuously increase R & D inputs, and double costs and build new processes.
At a higher level, R & D costs as a share of income in 2024 were 4.47 per cent, a slight decrease from the previous year, mainly due to the increased layout of the company ' s modular, whole-office assembly operations, which required lower R & D inputs and higher revenue contributions. In 2023, the company ' s R & D costs decreased, mainly in terms of research orientation and progress of the project.
The cost of R & D and the expenditure on R & D in 2024 continued to expand and invest more in new operations, such as human robotics/vibration screens, with the total cost of R & D remaining above 2,000 and the total number of patents in 2024 reaching 21,78, with the largest number of practical patents.
In 2006, the company gradually expanded basic processes such as pressurization, assembly, cnc, hardening, etc., starting with mutilation, equipment engineering. In 2017, the company deepened its materials, printing techniques, and achieved a technological breakthrough. In 2018, the company cut into the lcm module, marking a precision group.
Since 2019, the company has accelerated the technological integration to form a high-level structural capacity for metal-forming +fatp/ power module + welding/ staggering, while expanding the radio frequency/wire communication module enabling smart terminals and adding a new Kb&tp module (integration of keyboards and touch panels). In 2025, the company's robust layout in the field of intelligent robots built up a cover.
The complete technical ecology of sophisticated structures, functional module manufacturing, whole-office assembly, software algorithms provides a variety of manufacturing services to downstream machine clients.The consumer electronic process matrix continues to improve, and the vehicle/low-empty/light storage opens up long-term space
2.1. Consumer electronics: aai terminal penetration accelerates, high-end class occupancy increases drive structural growth Slows overall growth in consumer electronics industries and aai end innovation drives structural growth. According to ifind data, the global consumer electronic market is expected to show “total expansion and slower growth” in 2018-2029. Market size is expected to increase.
Smart phones dominated the consumer electronics market by 81% in 2023; pc, games, tablet computers, smart watches, headphones and digital cameras combined had a market share of only 18%; new product markets, such as vr/ar, accounted for about 1% and still needed a breakthrough in scale. Over the long term, industry growth depended on smartphone technology overlaps (e.g., big models, fold screens).
Pushing up on high-end demand, however, weak consumption in the base terminals will continue to suppress the overall growth rate, creating a fragmented pattern of “low aggregate growth + high concentration of values.” Smart cellular output bounces back into the bottom, and high-end groups like the folding screen and the ai mobile phone drive the expansion of the market’s size.
According to idc, China had about 285 million smartphones throughout the year in 2022, a decline of 12.84 per cent over the same year. Macroeconomic challenges such as inflation and unemployment led to a slowdown in consumer spending. idc projected a 0.6 per cent increase in the global smartphone market in 2025, but the Chinese market benefited from State subsidies, folding screens and structural growth in the ai-high-end type of machine.
By 2028, the global volume of aai mobile phone would have jumped from 51 million to 912 million, with capr reaching 78.03 per cent. 100 million mobile phones per year, with a market share of only 5.5 per cent, and idc projected an increase to 150 million by 2027, with a penetration rate of 51.9 per cent. Complex growth rate of 96.8 per cent.
The break-through with hardware has become a new growth point for the iphone market, and the i function will take the lead on the high-end machine and gradually expand to middle-end smartphones. Figure 26: 20241 begins to warm Chinese smartphones quarterly.
Figure 28: China ' s 'ai ' cell phone penetration is expected to increase continuously 2.2, 'ai ': Endsideai model applications drive hardware configuration upgrades and value increases 2.2.1, Apple: 'ai ' functions are steadily moving forward with upgrades and hardware configurations are significantly upgraded
Apples are expected to grow up with their prognosis and improved software and hardware ecology. In June 2024, apples launched new-generation operating systems like ios18 and ipados18 at the wwdc24 conference, and announced the launch of the appleature.
Intelligence integrates depth into operating systems such as ios18, fully utilizing the language/image processing power of the apple chip, enabling cross-application intelligent operations, and streamlining day-to-day tasks based on user scenes. After that, Apple and Openai have worked together to integratechatgpt technologies, siri voice assistants and global writing tools at the system level.
The apples have continued to improve the ai function in the following version of the ios18 system update, adding an imageplaygroup to explore visual expression, genmoji customizing personalizing symbols and intelligent communication.
New features such as knowledge processing, mac text-to-video production, and i add support for more languages and Europe, including Chinese, French, German, etc. We believe that, while the current development of high-level ii functions such as appleaisiri is less advanced than previously expected, apples are expected with strong R&D capabilities and technological accumulation
In 2026, high-level ai functionality was introduced, relying on its improved software and hardware ecology and very strong user stickyness, to achieve a later position in the end of the ai end for Andre's cellular manufacturers. Figure 29: Apple-published system-level ai package with a good functionality and steady progress in updating
From 2013 to 2021, the volume remained at about 0.53/46/056/077 million and the market was saturated. In our view, the introduction of Apple Intelligence constitutes a new breakpoint for apples: a technical dimension: the integration of the ai software with consumer-grade hardware.
Upgrade, reconstruct human interaction. 2 User level: appleitelligence functions are limited to iphone15pro and above. As the new appleinelligence functions are upgraded and optimized, it will promote a new wave of fruit-changers, thus driving the volume and sales up.
Ai cell phone is being upgraded to send hardware, and bom is being upgraded to open the industrial chain for profit. Aai end-of-side model operates locally, relying on npu algorithms, significantly increasing storage reading speed and memory bandwidth requirements; high arithmetic triggers a sharp rise in power, which requires enhanced heat transfer efficiency of the radiator system to guarantee stable output, while long-cycle batteries offset the continuing energy consumption burden.
According to the counterpoint dismantling data, iPhone, as the leader of the ai cellular industry, has continued to rise in bom in recent years, an increase of 30.11 per cent in iPhone 14bom compared to the same version of iPhone 11; iPhone 15 shows, processors, sensors, etc., have increased with the upgrade.
Continuing the trend of technological upgrading, subsequent versions of materials such as iPhone 17 will continue to have considerable scope for upgrading, and, with the catalytic effect of the soc performance and memory capacity of iPhone successors or hardware such as radiating heat, sensors, etc., leading to a much greater cost increase, in addition to soc performance and memory capacity.
Figure 34: iPhone16promax shows a marked improvement compared to the bom of 15 promax. 2.2.2, Andre: major manufacturers continue to enrich the ai experience, reshape smart terminal ecosystems Head producers accelerate the layout of the ai large model, and differential development creates a rich ai intelligence experience at present.
End-side deployment with multi-module technology, with large Andean models for side-side and cloud ends; Mi-focused light-quantified design and local deployment, and released on April 30th, open-source large model xiaomimimo, creating a technological path for small-parameter models to break down performance limits through pre-training and intensive learning, and vivo by self-researching blue hearts.
The model matrix builds the technoecology and dynamically adjusts the strategic direction, while the glory integrates the operating system with the depth of the magic model, focusing on the intelligentness service ecology. On June 20, 2025, China launched the Indo-Classics 5.5 for the developers’ conference (hdc2025), the natural language.
Word processing (nlp), computer visualization (cv), multi-model, predictive, and scientific calculations have been fully upgraded. Natural language processing nlp models have been upgraded to a new 718b in-depth thinking moe model, model reasoning efficiency has been increased eightfold: multi-module models have been trained in intelligent driving, physically intelligent robotics, and digital physics spaces have been constructed;
The predictive model uses the industry's first unified pre-training structure, which is applied to a number of industries, such as steel, non-ferrous metals and heating; the scientific computing model deepens meteorological and energy applications; and the computer visual cv model introduces a 30 billion-parameter moe structure, which supports multidimensional general visual analysis for the largest industry visual model.
The big model technology that is now proud has made a major breakthrough through its flagship product, Magicv5, as the first global collection of mobile phones with a single smart body, through re-engineering of interactions, evolving understanding capabilities, and achieving service closures. And the innovative blending hardware feature introduces the "ai double screen collaboration" feature to "user master screen operation +ai"
By-screen real-time analysis of the "reconstructed productivity scenario: In the future, glory will deepen the Alpha strategy by carrying large-end models and personal knowledge bases, multi-intellectual calls and cross-brand connections, etc.
We believe that, with the introduction of self-research models and ai mobile phones by system manufacturers, ai cellular development will focus on software eco-intelligentization, natural language processing and multi-module intelligence integration, end-to-end computing, and reshaping the market patterns of smart terminals.
2.3. Ingenuity: full-scale layout of the consumer electronic whole-of-industry chain, end-side-ai upgrade-driven growth-driven layout of the entire matrix of consumer electronic parts and components, and co-construction of the i terminal hardware manufacturing platform with downstream clients. The corporate product system fully covers six core areas: mosaics ( graphite/waterproofing film/cell softboards, etc.), and punch class (screens).
Maskets/acoustic wires, etc.), cnc (camera frame/metal precisions, etc.), structure (smart cell phone/plate computer box/screen support, etc.), module (cell module/distribution module/keyboard touch panel, etc.) and recharge product (charger/adaptor/dataline, etc.). Depending on the full range of precision manufacturing capabilities, the company will match the main customer needs.
Recent products such as high-precision structure (silent chain/middle frame/various screen support 3d hardware, etc.) and charging/cells (cell steel shell/high power charger charger), providing "precision manufacturing-functional integration-fields" for i-phones, aipc, ai-glasses, xr and wearable devices, body-smart robots
As the one-stop platform service evolves, building the core support for terminal hardware upgrades, figure 37: the company consumes electronic business that is divided into moorings, pressurization, cnc, structures, modules and whole machine-type products according to the process platform, and as the one-stop model is gradually applied to the end phone, the one-phone has increased demand for batteries and heat radiating.
For example, Glory's upcoming release of X70 mobile phone batteries will break over 8,000mah, and steel shell batteries and high-power fast charging are expected to be used in more mobile phones. In terms of radiating heat, new technologies such as vc-radiated heatboards, micropump fluid cooling are expected to be used even more on smart phones. Companies have well-developed technology and manufacturing in the area of consumer electrodischarge, battery and chargers.
Artistic layout, which is expected to continue to benefit from market increases due to heat radiation and battery technology upgrades. 2.3.1. Power source: acquisition of the Salcon complex, continued benefit of the large customer battery/quick charge upgrade, acquisition of overseas manufacturer Selcon, improvement of the odm assembly business and power technology layout. Selcon is known overseas.
A power provider, founded in Finland in 1973, was introduced into power manufacturing in 1982 and acquired by Nokia in 1983. In 1988, the world’s first cellular switch was quickly capped. The client base was expanded to a full mobile brand when the Nokia system was dismantled in 1999.
In 2017, the new production base in Gui Kong, China, was expanded to cover factories in Brazil and India, and in 2019 it acquired 100% of Finland’s salcomppplc shares for $678 million, helping companies to improve the chain layout of the consumer electronics industry. Selcon covers mainstream consumer electronic customers in the head, and the upgrading of mobile phones for large clients has led to a long-term increase.
As the world's leading battery charger, Selcon's customers in the field of cellular chargers, including apples, tiles, mills, ogres, google, etc., have kept their market share steady at over 5%. Since the acquisition, the Selcon charger charger industry has grown better, with company chargers in 2023 reaching $6,694 million, compared to 2019.
The series supports fast-loading of 15v, with a dynamic peak charge power of about 38w, which is yet to be increased further than the fast-filling power of the Andre camp. We believe that, with the subsequent release of new models such as the iphone 17 series, the apple phone charger power is expected to increase further, and Selcon will fully benefit from the long-term income gains from the upgrade of the big customer charger.
2.3.2. Distribution of heat: All-industry chain layout of radiating zero components, such as graphite/vc heat board, with significant upgrades of large clients Pre-distribution of radiating operations, and building of platforms for consumer electronic radiating of all-industry chains. In the area of consumer electronic radiation, companies already have a variety of radiators, vc heat panels, empty/liquid cold radiator modules, graphite sheets, conductor gaskets, etc.
Material and module R & D production capacity. In April 2019, the company launched sector building and synchronized R & D laboratories. In November of the same year, the first production line was constructed, resulting in a breakthrough in the production of ultra thin vc&hp, radiant fins and pressurized structures; in May 2020, the production of ultra thin vc&hp and the simultaneous establishment of a normal Hp/vc mass production line; in 2021, the company was overstretched.
Thermal plate production of thin stainless steel is carried out using top-down cap pressurization processes; the growth in corporate delivery of stainless steel vc in 2022, the new energy module and the 0.25 mmvc volume production: the growth in corporate delivery of stainless steel vc in 2023, the achievement of volume production of lhp loop vc and the success of titanium vc development; and the delivery of company titanium vc and ultra thin vc volume in 2024.
Figure 41: The company ' s heat radiating business, which started in 2019, has now become an all-industry manufacturing platform for consumer electronic heat radiating, and figure 42: The company provides screen support, radiant graphite membranes, medium frame, etc., for a variety of materials, vc. Thermoboard technology is leading, and the head client coverage is extensive. The company ' s vc radiator product now covers the head.
Main client. In the case of China’s purax folding cell phone, based on a video analysis of the wekihome Dismantling video by the microwire extension, the Division is deeply involved in radiating materials such as graphite diaphragms, new composites vc heat panels, and structural materials such as screen support layers, metal middle frames, etc. The cellular radiator can quickly spread heat via multi-dimensional heat pathways.
The stratification of thermal energy and its efficient distribution to the external environment has significantly enhanced the temperature control of folding screen equipment while operating complex ai algorithms, and is expected to better address the evaporation challenges faced by light folding screen phones, highlighting the company ' s technical capabilities in responding to the evaporation challenge of the ai folding. On 26 June 2025, Mi launched the latest flag.
Ship level micxflip2, a 0.2mm ultra thin new-techvc programme supplied exclusively by the company, which significantly improves heat radiation efficiency in low-temperature environments while compressing thickness; while the ultra-large area of aluminium-basedvc technology carried by redmikpad, which is the first time that the industry consumes electronic products such as flatboards, mobile phones and so on, has fallen to the ground by the company ' s involvement in research and development and contribution projects.
Medium scale application with a 75 per cent jump-up in heat efficiency, with equipment holding temperature down by 4°c. Figure 44: Aluminum alloys vc mean heat plate supplied by redmikpad, Figure 43: Double vc mean heat board system provided by milli-mixflip2
2.4. New areas: forward-looking auto/low-space/light storage, opening up vast growth space 2.4.1, automobiles/low-space: precision-making advantages expanded, with a continuous extension of the new 100 billion-degree range; expansion of new energy vehicles and low-altitude economies, opening up the trillion-degree market entry through their precision manufacture,
In the area of automobiles, companies have rapidly emerged in the power cell structural segment market and have successfully entered the supply chain of the major new energy customers in North America with high standards. In August 2023, the company’s subsidiaries and a well-known German car complex were under the banner of the company’s subsidiary.
In the low-altitude economy, in 2024, the company delivered to the industry’s head clients drone structure units and product numbers such as carbon fibre blades.
Figure 45: The company has continued to expand in new energy vehicles and low-altitude economies, offering products such as carbon fibre blades to the head of drones, relying on sophisticated manufacturing and R & D design capabilities, building differentiated core competitiveness. The company now has system layouts, power cell structure products, covering core containment components (hulls, steel/aluminum casings, cylinder aluminium casings, caps, etc.)
Capboards, blast valves, electrical connection modules (both positive and negative subpolymersical, transcoupled, soft-connected master rows) and functional precision structures (plastics, etc.). These components are used for high-efficiency energy transmission, electrolytic fluid carrying, safety protection (shock/explosive) and structural support, combined with a multiplicity of heat-dispersive, corrosive, disruptive and antistatic features.
Heavy characteristics, reliability and stability of battery systems. Figure 46: Companies can provide multiple metal and non-metal products in the area of new energy automobiles, buy Jiang Sukoda, upgrade automobile operations to Tier1. In April 2025, the company acquired the river at $332 million.
Sokorda's 66.46% shareholdings. Jiang Sokuda, as a traditional car dealer and a new power provider, including Chirre, upper steam, and so forth, is a first-tier vehicle company, with a major complement of Hong Ming Ji Bian, Biadi Shai, ideal l7/l8/l9. In 2024 Jiang Sokuda and Peng will work together to shut down the flying car.
2.4.2 Clean Energy: Deep Cooperation International Head Clients, Building Smart Photovoltaic Repository Solutions
In 2019, the company created an internal photovoltaic project to develop and formally enter the photovoltaic track; in 2020, it achieved the production of photovoltaic products; and in 2021, it launched the construction of a United States plant: the launch of a United States factory in 2022: the start of a batch of micro-reverses and data collectors in 2023.
Core European customers, entering high-end markets; in 2024, two simultaneous breakthroughs were achieved: delivery of micro-reversers and energy controller solutions to domestic clean energy customers, and high-power products in overseas markets, core products of companies covering micro-reversers, storage pcs/gui and photovoltaic wireless network communication modules.
The core function of these products is to convert the direct current power of the too-yang module into exchange power and to apply the maximum power point tracking (mppt) technology developed autonomously to produce up to 99.8% of the power generation efficiency.
It provides professional surrogate services for products such as micro-reversers, and the relevant end-products maintain a front-loading coverage in the global market. Thanks to the intelligence, automation, intellectualization and scalability accumulated in the field of i terminal hardware The supply capacity matrix, the company’s photovoltaic storage operations create significant synergies with its original core operations.
Figure 48: The main products of the company's clean energy business cover micro-reversers, storage pcs/gui, etc., long-term layout from process to product, “persons/eyes/folds/suits”, ready for launch 3.1. Man-made robots: global markets are expected to grow rapidly and companies are well configured to have a wealth of customer resources
Human robot development can be divided into three steps: the first stage (1968-1991): in 1968, the Japan University of Hilda launched a two-foot walker.
Basic walk functions achieved; Hondae robots (e1-e3) broke through dynamic walking technology in 1986-1991 as the first human robot in the world; Sonyqrio demonstrated that human robots opened a new era in a variety of environments with the first global technology of autonomous behavior control in 2003; Teslaoptimusprime passed modules in 2023.
Chemical design, which is expected to achieve mass-scale production and change production patterns; in 2024, Boston powered the atalas robot to transform it into an electric hydraulic system that is stronger than previous generations of hydraulics, has a wider range of motion, and can even move in a way that is “more than human capabilities”.
Model technology has been continuously upgraded, and industrial manufacturing scenes have taken the lead in scaling applications. In June 2024, apollo machines were deployed to automating storage applications for logistics: in August of the same year, a combination of walker slite and miracle automation integrated into the Zeekr 5g plant to improve the efficiency of smart manufacturing and logistics; and in the same period, Robotis was in icra.
Launch of a new deceleration device and dynamixel-p/y high performance implementer to drive the efficiency upgrade of the robotic power system;
Building capacity; November 2024, Scheffer Group invested in agiliity and purchased digit to deploy a global plant to deepen manufacturing automation; Robotis and mit developed “Physicsai” technology to expand robotics environment adaptation; three stars increased the share of Rainbowrobotics to 35 per cent enhanced R & D kinetic energy at the end of 2024; and the launcher of the figureai in February 2025
Global market size is expected to continue to grow at a high rate of $20.6 billion a year, with a compound growth rate of approximately 56.89% between 2024 and 2028; and Chinese human robots.
According to the China Information and Communications Institute, human robots can be divided into five levels: most of the world ' s full-power human robot products are now in the lev1 level, while some of the most recent human robots in the head are moving towards the year to 2035, and the whole of the human robots is entering the lv2 level, using the special scene as their main application, and the industrial scene is moving towards the industrial scene.
Landing: from 2035 to 2040, human robots as a whole entered the lv3 level, forming the scale of the industrial scene, and the service scene was gradually falling; from 2040 to 2045, human robots as a whole entered the lv4 level, achieving the industrial and service-scale application; after 2045, human robots as a whole entered the lv5 level, using the human machine.
More than 100 million robots enter the industry. Figure 52: Division of human robots into five levels of development by functionally achievable type. Figure 53: The size of the human robot market will expand as the level of development rises.
At the technical level, the future of human robots will be based on a "brain-brain-body" coordinated approach: in the field of "brain" technology is in the process of evolving from the top-to-end model, the "brain" focuses on the three main dimensions of sensory mode dimensions, the speed and complexity of command generation, generalization capacity enhancement and model architecture optimization: "Small."
The brain area evolves from model-based control to learning-based control through the integration of large models with visual-linguistic models, and the "body" field uses electrically driven alternatives to overall hydraulic systems, relying on such core components as light quantification of materials and planetary rollers.
3.1.2. Corporate layout: cover core parts and whole machine assembly, active cooperation of mainstream customers, both within and outside the country (1) Active deployment of core components such as speed-deficients/barres, multiple patents for pre-vision-delay-delayers for building human robots to assemble production lines, and continuous expansion of critical zero components of robotics such as silk bars, smart hands, etc.
In 2014, the company ' s first deceleration prototype, lrv-20e, was certified as a national invention patent: in 2019, a server was launched, in the "winner" series of the One Controls: in 2022, the "winner" control of the upgraded drive-on-one programme: in 2023, six free-magnetic suspended plane power units were launched: in 2024, a medium-air absolute optical coding was released, resulting in the formation of a multi-model package.
Self-reflectors and controllers. In 2025, with the accelerated growth of the physically intelligent robotics industry, the company made full use of core mechanical zeros such as cnc processing, carbed processing, grinding bed processing, pressurized casting, impulsive presses, anodes, molten cuts, tactiles, softgoods, 3d printing.
Since 2006, the company has been working on the production of electronic automation equipment for deep-farming consumption, and in 2009 has introduced self-research technology into the headlines of its clients, synchronizing the launch of industrial robotic development.
Upgraded in 2015; extended development of 6-axis "Pocket" robots in 2022; roll-out of "Small q" robots in 2015 and scalding of production lines; release of two-d robots and handmade robots in 2018 to facilitate the transition of manual production lines to fully automatic handlines of 10 metres; roll-out of "A plus" twin arms robots in 2023; and extension of technology to "Yes" in 2024
In 2025, the company's human and robotic assembly and the production line for key components were completed, and it is expected that more clients will be able to assemble them in the future. The sloweners and controllers of the “with” robots are derived from self-research products.
On April 25, 2025, at the Robot Not Coming - The Fortune Industry Concourse, the two-armed robot "with" was designed on the basis of sophisticated birth control, with visual recognition and different strengths, to easily capture soft and hard objects like ping-pong balls, strawberries, tomatoes, etc.
Figure 54: The company has been working with a number of domestic and foreign clients in the field of human robots since their deployment in 2009, and figure 55: Self-researched multi-robot products have been used in manufacturing lines.
(ii) Deep collaboration with mainstream human robot clients, both within and outside the country, to explore more applications
In 2023, the company signed a strategic collaboration with the Ji-won robot and an odm agreement to develop research and development cooperation with the head clients of human-shaped robots abroad in order to achieve mass production. In June 2024, the company and Ji-won further signed a framework agreement to cooperate with the odm to deepen the scope and depth of cooperation. In 2025, the company launched the 100 robots strategy.
In June, a robotic strategy launch was organized to build a strategic architecture around “core parts + hardware services + applications” with the goal of becoming the world’s top three intelligent hardware manufacturers. Working with the heart of nation, the “spatial” robot industry leads the way.
The human robot half-way Marathon race was successfully held in Beijing, and the “Technology ultra” robot from the Beijing Center for Human Innovation (NCI) eventually won the championship. On the same day, the intellectuals announced the signing of a strategic cooperation agreement with the National Creative Centre, which will test and build data sets and so forth in a real industrial setting.
The company has issued a “100-grade” order to the National Innovation Center, which will create a closed link between the two parties in the area of assembly, scenario training, and data deposition. This cooperation will combine the resources of the two sides to promote the development of the robotics industry in terms of technological innovation, product development, and industrial applications.
In June 2025, the company entered into an in-depth strategic collaboration with a new pioneer in the field of robotics, Shanghai-Shangji-won-new technology company. The two parties were upgraded to a global strategic partner, joining forces to open overseas markets on the basis of deeper domestic cooperation, covering software and hardware co-research, joint marketing, and other activities.
In the area of capital collaboration, it is proposed that joint ventures be established for the secondary development and industrial robot production of the short-term Focus Idea Robotic Body programme: innovation of new materials, sensors, battery/electric exchange technologies and heat radiation programmes for long-term layout, building data asset systems at the Centre for the Development of Figures.
3.2, ai glasses and xr: Market growth is wide, forward-looking layouts are still open 3.2.1, and future sales are expected to increase in the metarepen industry, which has opened the ai glasses era with a variety of vendors.
In April 2024, when a second generation of metaray-ban was launched, there was a rapid increase in the volume of goods coming out of the system. Following this, there were a lot of other manufacturers, such as Rokid, Thunderbird, Vr, Da-bon, and cell phones such as Hua, Mi, 100 degrees, Skycat, etc., and other industries such as brain interfaces, mobile power sources, etc.
In 2025, domestic and foreign products were rolled out, and the i-glass market was "blowed" . Mi launched smart sound, frequency glasses in March, and i-smart glasses were released on June 26, with plans to release a new package of integrated video and ar navigation in the second half of the year; Wa released smart glasses in May to support cervical vertebrae monitoring and the harmonyos wisdom; and Aliba Skycat.
The Ling team developed two versions of the ai glasses (basic voice and ai+ar display), which are expected to be marketed by the end of the year; Li could not launch three new items (view/city/cityair series) for filming and business scenes in May 2025, following the release of Lee Unchat in December 2024.
The mirrors, Google, together with the xreal, push light-quantitative arjectaura, integrate the enhanced translation of the gemini model into cross-equipment. The sale of the glasses is growing fast, and the overall market is expected to grow fast in the future. In 2024, the global sale of the ei glasses was made.
The volume is 1.52 million, an increase of 533.33% in the same year, 720,000 in q4 sales in 2024, and 111.76% in the ring, and 600,000 in q1 sales in 2025. According to deep-deep information, global sales of ai glasses are projected to increase steadily in the future, reaching 90 million by 2030, and 97.42% in a cagr in six years.
It will be a new growth point in the consumer electronics sector, and the frequency of product upgrading by brands and investment in research and development will accelerate a two-way enabling relationship between ai and ar, with high arithmetic, long-duration, light volume becoming the three main directions for future development.
The software level focuses on large models, with manufacturers focusing on different functional directions: search, enhancement, personal assistants, space navigation, educational solutions, etc. Future ai algorithms increase an interactive accuracy, and ar provides an artificially integrated display vehicle for ai.
The product update of the generation and industry leader Meta, the future ai glasses will enhance the core chip performance, achieve ai large model deployments, multimodular interactions, etc. And, in the limited size of the glasses, the demand for radiative heat from high-calculation is also one of the most pressing issues for the future; and 2 long-duration: a strong arithmetic will lead to a short renewal of the flight time.
The new chip architecture and new battery technology will be used in the future to reduce power consumption and meet the user's need for long, round-the-clock wear: 3 lightly quantified: the weight of the ai glasses will continue to decline in terms of the weight of the major manufacturers' product, and the prevailing weight on the market will now fall below 50 g. For a breakdown of the parts, reference is made to the metaai glasses, the batteries and the legs of the mirrors.
We believe that, with the maturity and competition of the i-gauge market in 2025, the i-gauge will develop in a balanced manner between arithmetic, continuity and weight, and in the future will combine the i/ar-gauge with differential optical hardware, large model software applications.
3.2.2. Corporate layout: Deep-farming xr and ai glasses, associated with rapid income growth Company deep-farming ai glasses and xr wearable equipment, focusing on core components and technology development of smart wear equipment, such as ar, vr, mr and ai glasses. Product matrix covers core hardware, functional modules, and eco-equipment.
The three main levels, consisting of the ar/vr entire equipment, xr optical components, acoustic modules, wireless charging programmes, were extended to wear accessories such as tws earrings and ear-coats, forming a technologically closed ring from the equipment manufacture to the component ecology. In 2024, the company ai glasses and xr can wear equipment received $4,041 million, an increase of 42.74 per cent.
In December 2022, 10,000 units were produced, and the company was the sole recipient of the entire assembly of its airar glasses, the pneumatic fabric and the acoustics.
In February 2025, the company coo attended the Xreal signing ceremony for the ar/ai glasses strategy with the Xin video, and will continue to take over the hardware manufacture of the Xreal products. Figure 60: The company can provide multiple zero components in the field of ai glasses and apparelables.
xr component hinge-xr wireless charger
Audio-type products Wireless headphone accessories 3.3. Collapse screen equipment: steady increase in penetration and significant increase in mobile phone/plate value
3.3.1. Collapse screen cellular penetration, Apple entry is expected to open the industry ceiling, fold screen cellular leaping: from morphological breakthroughs to accelerated market penetration. First stage: Yowoo flexpai ' s first global production of fold screen cell phones in 2018, opening the fold screen cell phone market, Tristar Galaxyfold in 2019.
In the same year, Matex defined the shape of an external folding with an eagle winging chain, and in 2020 Motorolarazr launched a capped design.
In September of the same year, Watex marked the birth of the world’s first three folds: in 2025, oppofindn5 was crowned with 4.36 mm.
The ball's thinest folding state, 2026 o3, and the apple's folding cell phone is expected to be launched at the same time as the iPhone 18. Figure 62: The global folding screen mobile phone industry has developed rapidly in recent years, and the manufacturers have continued to evolve and innovate.
Vivoxfold3: Breaking the environmental barriers between Andre and ios
The world's first-volume folding screen phone was born, Mimixfold3: Free Suspended, Image Upgraded.
Three-star galaxyfold: first-time mainstream manufacturer folding screen.
Opofindn2: light weight, high utility oppofindn5: the thinest folding state in the world
iPhone: into the development phase of the p1 (prototype1) prototype; expected to be marketed in the second half of 2026.
Motorolarazr: The first folding screen is lighter and contains a number of science, technology and innovation functions The domestic folding of mobile phones has grown and gradually infiltrated high-end markets.
In terms of penetration, the high-end market penetration rate was 9% in 2023, and according to the Irene consultation, the penetration rate will increase to 20% in 2025.
The end-market penetration rate will increase, and the future volume of fold-screened mobile phones will increase faster. The high-end market is the price of $600 for mobile phones.
In 2024, the market share of H1-watt fold-screened phones in the country and high-end fold-screen phones (>10,000) exceeded 40 percent, and we believe that, as industry leaders, China ' s iterative direction of fold-screening screens could lead the way for future roll-on.
Since the launch of the first screen, in 2019, China has reduced the body weight and compressed body thickness from the initial 300-g body weight to 5.4 mm thickness, to a visual value of 239g and 4.6 mm thickness of the first machine, which was launched in September 2024.
In 2025, medium-end high-end folding screen phones dropped to 193.7g in weight, but 7.15 mm/15.1 mm in width still has room to explore. We believe that the future folding screen cellular development will remain hard in the light of the trend towards Chinese folding screens.
Medium- and high-end folding mobile phones are thinner and hardware for new mobile phones (e.g. triple folding) becomes the main update direction. 3.3.2, corporate layout: Andrew's clients accumulate deep enough to enter the Apple folding supply chain.
In the area of folding screen equipment, the company’s core product covers structural and functional elements such as the center frame, vc-mode, screen support panels, etc. In this case, the folding screen support material consists of a variety of types, mainly stainless steel, titanium alloy, carbon fibre, and is a representative product of the company in the field of folding screens. In 2019, the company folding screen team was formed to complete the original generation.
Construction of semi-automatic production liners and production of 0.03 mm stainless steel; import of 0.15 mmsus (spoilless steel) corrosion in 2020 engraved and first-generation automatic wires: titanium alloy etching process in 2021: break-through carbon fibre material and heat pressure-up technology in 2022; carbon fibre pvd process and m40-scale carbon fibre application in 2023; three folding screens in 2024
In the first half of the 2024s, the domestic market for folding screen phones was very competitive. As the first manufacturer to cover the full shape of the product line, it was the same.
In the inner market, the market share of h1 amounted to 42% in 2024; the market share reached 67%, especially in the super-high-end market of more than $10,000. By extension, Mamatex5 was in the best-selling position after its release in 2023, and in 2024 o2 led a segment of 43% of the market share.
Figure 66: 2024h1 is a 42% market share for China ' s folding screen mobile phones. Figure 67:2024q2 is a 43% market share for China ' s horizontal folding mobile phones.
In implementation of the big customer strategy, mainstream domestic and foreign clients were covered, and in 2024 the company won a supply chain award at the Chinese core supply partner conference. The company provided a variety of products and one-stop smart manufacturing services and solutions for consumer electronics such as mobile phones.
For example, the company provides carbon fibre support panels and other folding screens, carbon fibre structures. We believe that, as a long-term core supplier, the company is expected to do so in China.
Apples are about to launch their first folding screens, and the company is expected to be actively involved. According to patent information, in 2024 apples were awarded two folding screen cellular-related patents: chain design technology and a seamless link to the chain.
As one of the core suppliers of Apple consumer electronics, the intellectual build-up in various functional and structural areas, such as screen support, vc mean heat panels, small chains, etc., has accumulated technology and long-term supply history among Andre's clients.
We believe that the company is expected to be actively involved in the Apple First Collapse mobile phone supply chain. Figure 69: Apples are patented for folding screen phones and are expected to launch the first folding screen cell phone 3.4 in 2026. Servers: Focused layout power supply and radiating link, ai infrastructure brings long-term growth.
3.4.1, the ai infrastructure continues to grow, the server power/distribution industry has a relatively strong growth space, large-scale artificial intelligence model technologies have flourished, and the global market for ai servers has grown rapidly. The rapid succession of generating artificial intelligence and large model technologies has led to the continued fall of the ai technology in more commercial settings and data.
The demand for arithmetic infrastructure has grown and expanded rapidly. According to idc data, the global workforce is expected to reach $22.27 billion in 2024, with the generation of artificial intelligence servers rising from 29.6 per cent in 2025 to 37.7 per cent in 2028.
The high demand for power, server radiation systems usually requires high-power power supply modules and efficient wind/liquid cold radiation systems. The rapid growth in the size of the i server market has led to more growth opportunities for upstream heat radiators. The data centre heat management market has grown steadily and the server liquid cooling market has expanded at an accelerated rate.
Annual growth of $24.460 billion to $37.91 billion in 2032, and combined annual growth rates for 2024-2032 are expected to reach $29.4 billion a year. The maturity of liquid cold technology and the arithmetic demand are driven by two wheels, heat management markets, production delivery in the fourth quarter of the year, which will directly boost the penetration of the liquid cold radiation programme from the current level of about 10 per cent to 2025.
The higher demand for the energy of the ai server adds more to the power market. The ai server usually integrates more computing chips in the unit space, with higher power density than the normal server, driving the overall energy consumption growth of the data centre, and creating more demand for the servo power market.
Over three times the energy consumption in 2023, in 2027 it will grow to 146.2 and in 2022-2027, 3.4.2. Corporate layout: building on available technical advantages, focusing on server radiation and power supply operations Server heat management: companies focus on efficient radiation programmes and core products already cover average heatboards, heat pipes, and more
Axle cavity radiator (bigmac), arithmetic chips and server radiative modules, graphite, conductor gaskets, heat gels, etc. key components. In 2024, the company launched revolutionary radiative radiator bigmac, and in a comparison of the market ' s advanced 3dvc, the igmac performed prominently, achieving a 30% reduction in the cost of materials and manufacturing costs and reducing it by 35%.
In terms of applications, the begmac can be applied to all heat-density components of the thermal conductor, and in a comparison test with the 3dvc used in the market for the state-of-the-art ai server, the begmac performed better under a range of 400w to 1000w power conditions.
There is extensive collaboration on radiative products for gpu, cpu and ai applications (including servers, notebooks, pc, graphic cards, smart wear devices, robots, etc.). Figure 74: Corporate multiaxis radiative components (bigmac) perform better than traditional 3dvc performances
Early in 2025, the company was successfully promoted as a core supplier of the amd, combining various product lines. Currently, the company is using its self-researched “peasel-copper imitation” nanothropic technology, as well as unique material processes, to match the design needs of the amd “high performance, compact volume” with a light quantification and highly dissipating heat efficiency;
With a complete, autonomous supply chain system, it took only 90 days to achieve an amd order from sampling to volume production, with a 98.7 per cent rate in the first month.
A group of suppliers, the CVGs, using such techniques as pressurization, heat pipes, fans, etc., have a higher rate of Maori and are expected to generate significant revenue for the company in the future. Server power: as the ai server density increases, the power of the server moves towards higher power levels.
The company's layout is perfect in the battery power sector, and the subsidiary Salcon products cover a variety of consumer electronics and iot chargers/adaptors, as well as psu power units and high-power power supply modules (crps, etc.) that can be used on servers.
Figure 75:md announces the integration of the deepseek-v3 model into mi300x Figure 76: Intel Cool Wise ultraaipc to support local deployment of deepseek Figure 77: Multi-odm products and service source products of Salconbu Branch
4. Profit forecast and investment recommendation 4.1, key assumptions and profit projection (1) Sub-operational income and Māori ratio projection
The company’s main business is currently divided into three main sectors, namely, the ai terminal, the car and low-altitude economy, and other major operations, and the main business is expected to grow steadily, with new operations such as human robots, ai glasses, folding screen equipment, server power and heat radiating, and new areas such as the automobile and low-altitude economy expected to grow rapidly, and the quality of profit is expected to improve.
The business income and Māori ratio projections and key assumptions for each block are as follows: (1.1)ai terminal: the company ' s ai terminal plate includes seven products and operations such as image display, materials, battery power, heat management, ai glasses and xr wearable equipment, precision assembly and other, sensors and related modules.
As technology continues to innovate at the end of the region, the total amount of the ai terminal equipment is expected to grow steadily, and the breakdowns of the ai cell phone, ai glasses, a body smart robot, etc. are expected to grow rapidly.
At the same time, companies are strong in core suppliers to large clients, have a wide distribution of production capacity in overseas areas like India, and are expected to increase their share of supply further in the future. As companies continue to expand new suppliers and customers, improvements in future product structures are expected to lead to a return to corporate profitability.
1.2. Automobile and low-altitude economy: The company’s main products for cars and low-altitude economics include new energy car units, drone blades, and so on. In 2025, the company plans to acquire Jiangsukoda to further expand the layout of automobile-related products. We believe that, as the product matrix continues to improve, the company’s consumption of electronic customer resources is expected to work with automobiles.
Further synergizing is expected to keep the automobile business growing fast in the future. We expect the company ' s automobiles and other low-altitude major businesses (1.3) to be mainly clean energy-related products, such as photovoltaic inverters, energy storage, and we assume that the panel ' s operations will remain low in the future, given the slowdown in downstream demand.
(3) Combining the above assumptions and projections of the company's operating income and Māori rates and rates of cost over time. For my valuation, we use the relative valuation method, which allows us to select top-secret, Gore shares, LanceTech, Long Yin. We believe that the company is a global leader in i-end hardware and intelligence and will continue to do so with i-end hardware.
As a result of upgrading, companies are expected to grow steadily in consumer electronic plates, while firms are expected to grow rapidly in the future, taking advantage of new business areas such as automobiles, low-altitude economies, photovoltaic storage, etc., in the form of human robots, ai glasses and xr-type products, fold screen equipment and server power and radiant products. For the first time, coverage is expected to continue at a rapid rate.
(1) Downstream demand is not as high as expected: the main applications of the company's core products and services focus on the consumer electronics sector. This is a direct result of the higher frequency of consumer preferences for different brands and products, given the natural characteristics of consumer electronics, such as fashion properties, fast-paced performance, competitive brands, etc.
In the future, it is possible to look ahead to disruptive innovations in technology or product performance in the consumer electronics sector, triggering dramatic changes in market patterns. And companies fail to respond effectively to competitive dynamics (e.g., they are at a competitive disadvantage) or to optimize product matrices in a timely manner in response to market demand.
Market share contractions, pressure on product volumes to fall down, and thus contribute to business performance. (2) Market competition increases the risk that companies are now the leading intellectual manufacturing platform in the world, committed to providing customers with one-stop smart manufacturing services and solutions, products and services on a global scale.
In the areas of electronics, new energy vehicles, clean energy, communications, and access to goods and health care, markets are wide, but they also face intense competition in the same industries. In recent years, some firms have grown rapidly, and competition will increase further in the future, with firms having completed their investment profiles, and prices of their products coming under pressure.
(3) Risks of uncertainty in international trade policies: In recent years, international trade frictions have intensified, the risk exposures associated with uncertainty at the policy level have continued to widen, and if events escalate further, the global market will not be immune to this systemic risk. Some of the end-products that companies serve will eventually have to come out.
In the context of foreign markets or supply to domestic and foreign brand customers, these risk factors may be transmitted to the corporate level through two pathways: on the one hand, the potential to suppress market demand for consumer electronics or to shock product price systems, indirectly putting pressure on the pricing of corporate products; and, on the other hand, triggering suppliers of consumer electronics chains.
The geographical layout of the company and the likely tendency of end-brand customers to increase their share of foreign suppliers can all create some perturbation with the issuer’s productive activities. (4) The company’s new business has not progressed as much as expected: in recent years, the company has been very aggressive in developing human robots, i.e. the eye.
The mirror and xr can wear new products such as business, folding screen equipment, server power and heat radiating, and some of our profit predictions are based on the assumption that a firm growth of the company in the new business above may result in the company ' s actual performance below our expectations if the new business progresses less than expected.