Segawa Technology (300124.sz) 3-quarterly report a 20 per cent increase in revenue over the same period, with industrial control operations expected to gradually repair mechanical equipment/automated equipment
The continued increase in the penetration rate and the rapid growth in the revenue of new energy vehicles as a result of the company ' s spot-sop use, and the lack of profit growth during the same period, and the increase in revenue, mainly due to changes in product marketing structures and increased competition in the market, are subject to changes in the income tax rates applied by the subsidiary Sinkuan, which were exempted from corporate income tax during the same period of the previous year.
In the first three quarters, the general automation income increased by 10.9 billion yuan, or 4 per cent over the same period, of which the general frequency transformer/general server system/plc&hmi/industrial robotics earned approximately 37/43/10/8 billion, with industrial robotics growing faster than the general self-employment.
The rate of movement increases. A 7% drop in the same quarter alone, mainly in the light-voltage lithium sector, and the positive growth of the plc in industries such as 3c/mechanical beds/metal products partially offset the downward impact of the photovoltaic and lithium industries. Companies are expected to achieve a positive growth in October, with downstream process industries, workers, etc.
The other four quarters last year saw a reduction in the photovoltaic lithium base, which currently benefits from overseas projects and 3c battery demand, with fewer negative effects. The new energy vehicle business has been growing faster, and the elevator business has increased market openings.
Source automobile revenue of $10.4 billion, an increase of about 96 per cent over the same period, currently about 80 per cent of products of the power-driven system type, Hitchon Technologies (300124.sz) - semi-annual performance rating: 30 per cent increase in revenue over the same year, relatively low Māori business rate, highly competitive markets, companies are working through scale-up, in-house drilling, efficiency
SWIFT (300124.sz) - 2023 saw a 9.8% increase in the same year, with a higher rate of increase contributing to higher profitability. The fourth quarter was the peak in the automobile industry, with a projected four-quarter new talent.
Revenue from the start-up automobile business will continue to grow better. Another track traffic/smart elevator revenue of 36.34 billion yuan, Hitchuan Technology (300124.sz) – expected to grow in 2023 net profit returns on a year-on-year basis, the post-elevator service market and large-scale matching operations to compensate for the decline in domestic demand.
Segawa Technologies (300124.sz) - 31% increase in revenue in the third quarter of the year, major shareholders investment proposal: companies are at the forefront of domestic industry, with short-term growth in performance, exacerbated by changes in product structure and competition, slowing down without changing the long-term growth trend.
Step up, while the demand for industrial control is expected to be repaired, the overall performance is expected to return to warmer. Let's change the profit forecast downwards, figure 2: The net profit from SIT in the first three quarters of 2024 increased by 1.04 per cent over the same period, figure 5: SIT costs remain high.
Figure 6: A slight decline in SWIFT technology Roe Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future