New energy vehicle operations continue to grow and internationalization has accelerated. Sinkcheon technology (300124.sz) is about 3,354 million yuan, i.e. + 1.04 per cent of the year; net profit from non-repatriation is 3,135 million yuan, i.e. + 2.91 per cent of the year.
There is a high growth in the new energy vehicle business. 2024q1-q3 company ' s new energy vehicle business generated $10.4 billion \triangleright technology power drives of 56188 units, +53.6 per cent of the year, with a market share of 8 per cent; power drives
On the control side, the sum of 13,3209 units installed in Hitchuan, i.e. +54.2 per cent of the same year, and 10.7 per cent of the market share; on the detergent side, 16,2264 units installed in Hitchuan, i.e. +158.1 per cent of the same year, the market share was 9.3 per cent.
Internationalization continues to advance, with firm R & D inputs. While companies increase their strategic operational inputs, such as internationalization, energy management, digitalization, overall regulation of costs, their R & D, sales, management, etc. are rising less rapidly than revenue.
Risk factors: industry demand is not as high as expected: risk of technological variability: price waves of raw materials, risk of over-expected movement, environmental and safe production risks, etc.
I don't know what you're talking about, cindasecuritiesco.
Yao Yunfeng, a Master of Arts at the University of Khatami, formerly employed in Chinese and Chinese securities, and in gold securities, is now mainly involved in the new energy lithium battery track study. Sun Sun, Research Assistant in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, responsible for industrial control.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.