800g silicon light product, sustained consolidation of 800g pre-existing advantage
On-site display of 800g with OSfp2*fr4 and qsfp-d800dr8+ silicon light modules, also indicating that 400gdr4+ and 100gfr1 based on autonomous design of silicon chip have entered the market for the 800g silicon light program and continue to consolidate the pre-existing advantages in the area of 800g: companies in the 800g area
\triangleright’s pre-eminence was evident, with the first industry-based 800g of the transmission-based stand-alone program being launched at the \triangleright exhibition in December 2020, where the \sfp and qsfp-dd800 series of light modules could be plugged into the industry.
In 2021, priority clients were successfully reached and small shipments were made. This time, the company introduced a further silicon light program of 800 g, which supports the 10 km transmission distance, and announced that the product has already begun to be tested. The company, as a pioneer of the 800g module solution, has enriched the silicon light program by 800 g.
The product matrix helps to further consolidate the company’s pre-eminence in the 800g area. The field of silicon light for many years has the capacity to design the silicon chip autonomously, which is scarce within the industry: silicon photolysis.
With a high degree of integration and good performance in terms of peak speed, energy consumption, cost, etc., this is one of the key directions for the future of the light module. The company began to develop silicon chip forward-looking layouts several years ago, and now has the capacity to design and encapsulate the rare silicon chip in the industry, which is 800 g silicon.
The light module is an autonomously designed silicon chip, while the 400g dr4+ and 100gfr1 products that are also autonomously designed for silicon chips have entered the import phase of the market, on the one hand, with good performance in terms of performance, power consumption and, on the other hand, with the strong supply chain capacity of the company to secure silicon light products.
Stable mass production, fully meeting clients’ large-scale delivery requirements. With high downstream demand, companies are approaching accelerated development opportunities: looking to the future, the meta-cosm is the world’s mid-life revolution (300308.sz) in the coming years.
The largest applications and flows are consuming large households, and the big players are expected to open a new round of capital assessments on the infrastructure side: the industry’s climate is warming up, performance is overall, and the domestic “East and West” policy will boost domestic demand to some extent.
The upstream light module industry will be experiencing high demand growth & technology acceleration. Deeply tied head customers, supply, deep research in the industry: the eye of the metacosystem, companies with strong chains, high mass delivery capacity, pre-eminence in the field of 800 g, etc.
The light device is expanded horizontally from b to c, and the industry is expected to embrace a full-scale \triangleright, 200 g, 400 g, etc., and will benefit fully from the demand from the downstream cloud giants.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.