Summary of events: On 26 January 2022, the company issued a performance forecast for 2021, which is expected to result in a net return to the mother.
\triangleright Performance Supermarket Expectations, 21q4 Performance Ring Increases are significant: \triangleright returned in 2021 based on performance forecasts
The core drivers. On the other hand, the increase in equity incentives resulting from the company’s second restricted equity incentive scheme, the increase in the cost of recognizing investments and reductions in government subsidies, and the transfer of middle-income equity among subsidiaries have contributed to a certain extent to a lower rate of net return profits.
The climate continues to warm, and the luminous module industry accelerates into the upper cycle: since 21q2, the \triangleright module industry has seen a clear recovery in demand, the industry has accelerated its recovery, with mid-point shocks as an example, and 21q4 performance is expected.
Ma Tianxing is going to be a double-growth of the same ring. Looking ahead, the Yuan cosmos is the world's largest application scene and flow in the coming years, consuming large households, and as Meta, Microsoft and others officially announce their march into the sky, the cloud giants are expected to be on their base.
In this larger context, the upstream luminous module industry is expected to accelerate its entry into a new boom cycle. By increasing production, it will continue to build on the leading advantage of the luminous luminous module area: the company launched a fixed addition in 2021.
\triangleright \triangleright, raising approximately $2.7 billion to add 1.75 million annual capacity to various high-end optical communication modules, connect 9.2 million annual capacity to use high-end optical appliances online, expected to be produced in 2023-2024.
The large-scale delivery capacity of the light module products will be consolidated and will help to further consolidate the company's vanguard advantage in the field of light modules, which is designed to boost the dynamics of development at the entry point.
2. Medium-to-Small (300308), company dynamics, stocktaking -- medium- and long-term growth trends in short-term performance volatility, investment proposals: we expect net return profits for the company in 2021-2023, respectively
\triangleright, watch the high end of the luminous module demand release 3.
Head, leading the overall market share of the 200g, 400g, etc., high-end modules, will fully benefit from the annual performance forecast: high performance growth, demand from the global downstream cloud giants. At the same time, companies have a clear pre-eminence in the 800g module area and are expected to enjoy it.
The module market is firmly positioned to receive dividends from the technology-changed window period. The “recommended” rating is maintained. The methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively and is accountable for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.