Qingdao Beers (600600.sh) incident assessment report, 29 April 2024, Qingdao Beers, Quarterly Performance Report 2023 Sunss@cfsc.com.cn
Gross sales spread and high-end upgrades boosted profitability $10.15 billion in the first quarter of 2024 (5.19 per cent compared to 5.19 per cent) in the parent brand, with a total sales of 2184,000 litres of Aoshima beer in the first quarter of 2024.
Thousands of litres, 5.64 per cent minus 10.4 per cent in the same year; average ton of alcohol price achieved.
As expected, high-end trends continue to be stable, macroeconomic downside risks, poor marketing during the season, increased risks of raw materials, and the introduction of food beverages.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
(cfa, three years of research experience in the food and beverage industry, covering the areas of beer, halo, and brandy.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.