Qingdao Beers (600600) report, cost improvements, high-end progress - Qingdao Beers 2024 Quarterly
Product structure upgrades, cost end improvement 1) Total sales have fallen slightly on the same basis, with sales above the middle and high end rising. 24q1, company beer sales, 2184,000 litres, or 7.6%, of which the main brand, Qingjia, sold 132.2 thousand litres, compared to the same amount.
-5.6 per cent, 96,000 litres, corresponding to -2.4 per cent, for products above medium and high end, and -2.4 per cent, for products above medium and high end, 3) cost improvement at the same end. 24q1, average company beer unit cost is $2,768.0 per thousand litres, same as 1) Māori rate and net interest rate increase. 24q1, net interest rate on corporate sales/Māori rate, respectively.
“Study of the National Dollar Securities Corporation — Aqingshima Beers (60000) 2023 Report — Improvement and product structure upgrade drive.” Questions: beer structure upgrade, brand matrix positive 2024.03.28
2. Optimized rates of cost during the period. 24q1, corporate sales/management/research and development/financial cost rates, respectively.
The company has implemented the Qingdao beer brand + Qingshan beer national second brand strategy to accelerate the development of Qingdao beer masters' product mix of 1+1+1+2+n, optimize product structure, Qingdao classics, Qingdao white beavers, etc.
Rapid growth: The firm is deep-ploughing across the strategic edges of the market, steadily consolidating the al-Qa`idah market advantage, building on emerging markets and optimizing management and operational efficiency.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to practice portfolio investment consultancy, produces the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.