A high base influences revenue collection, with lower cost driving profit growth Qingdao beer (600600) is reported in a single quarter of 2024.
The high base affected the company’s revenue of 2024q1, and the lower cost led to a double-digit increase in profits. This spring, the company’s sales were good, but given the high base for the same period last year, the company’s business income of 2024q1 fell by 5.19 to 10.15 billion yuan, compared to the previous year. On the profit side, China cancelled the reverse of Australia’s barley.
As a result of the measures, raw material cost dividends, such as barley, were released, leading to a double-digit increase in corporate profits in the first quarter of this year. 2024q1, the company achieved a net return profit of 1,597 million yuan, an increase of 10.06 per cent over the same period. The company’s high-end process continued.
Increased by 7.6 per cent compared to the previous year, the main brand had achieved a total of 132.2 million litres of product sales and, during the same period, accelerated the development of a portfolio of 1+1+1+2+n products of the Qingdao beer master brand, actively committed to product structural upgrading and the high-end process steadily advanced. 2024q1, the company ' s output ton price was 2024q1.
The company's 2024q1 profit level has increased. As the price of raw materials such as barley and glass has slowed down, pe is 22 and 19 times, respectively. As a leader in the beer industry, the company's product structure has been upgraded with a clear strategy and a high-end strategy persists.
Demand is expected to recover less than expected, food safety risks, and so on. Research reports, “positive” investors, are suitable only for research with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors are suitable for our division’s various categories.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a professional manner and with due diligence, and with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it to issue them.