Qingdao beer (600600) food beverages, high sales load, q1 profitability, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center
The net profit of the mother is now 1,597 million yuan, or +10.1 per cent, and the net profit of the non-mother is 1,513 million yuan, or 7.6 per cent less, compared with the previous year; the burden of sales is mainly the result of a higher base due to the increased willingness to take goods through the liberalized channels during the same period last year, with a slower recovery in catering consumption over the 24-year period.
The main brand achieved 13.22 million tons, or 5.6 per cent, of which 960,000 tons, or -2.4 per cent, were sold in mid- and high-end beer; and 860,000, or - 10.4 per cent, in other brands, benefited from the continuation of the high-end upgrading process.
• Structural upgrades + cost decreases and profitability increases are evident. 24q1 Māori is 40.4 per cent, compared to the same ton cost of $1 pp to $2768 per ton. In terms of cost rates, 24q1 sales cost falls by 1 pp to 12.8 per cent from the same to the same rate, mainly due to the company ' s efforts to control costs; the management cost rate is equal to +0.4 pp to 3.4 per cent.
This dividend is delivered to add up the product structure, leading the company to raise the overall net interest rate of 24q1 from 2.2 pp to the product strategy on a year-on-year basis, with a low base expected.) At the end of the product, the corporate product strategy is re-upgraded, with the new “1+1+2+n” strategy building on the three original monoliths.
The strategic upgrading of the corporate structure as a whole continues to improve, along with the strategic upgrading of the two main potential monolithics; and the structural upgrading path from the low- and middle-end mountains to the middle-high-end classics will continue to be an important engine for overall ton price increases. 2) On the channel side, the company will accelerate the “one-way” strategy with market construction and layout, and will continue to strengthen it.
Market promotion and the deepening of market marketing networks to consolidate and increase the dominance of the base market and the occupancy of emerging markets. 3) Looking ahead, the low base effect is expected to emerge from May, and this year's season is stimulated by the double benefits of the Olympic + European Cup; and costs are on the rise under the current barley and package prices.
At this point, profit elasticity is expected to continue to release. Qingdao beer (600,600): high-end upscaling, 22-fold, 19-fold, and 17-fold, respectively, of the dynamic pe, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Qingdao beer (600,600): q2 achieved a full price increase, and Noor will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.