\triangleright A little pressure on the high base, structure upgrades are robust, q2 battalion is expected to pick up. \triangleright 24q1, public \triangleright
+11.0.0.0.0. ) , while the current consumption performance is relatively flat after the Spring Festival. Structurally, Qingdao's beer master brands are sold thousands of litres. Other brands, medium-to-high end sub-products in the main brands have a ratio of -1.2/-1.1pt, while the main brand has a ratio of high end products +2.3pt.
With the beer season coming up, the company is expected to actively engage in market input, superb sales down the base, q2 battalion, Zhang Cinchen.
Cost dividends are realized, cost gains are sustained and profitability is steadily rising. The cost of 24q1 tons is lower than the price of company wheat sprouts after the cancellation of \triangleright. Looking forward, the subsequent cost dividends are expected to be released steadily throughout the year.
The rate of Māori in 24q1 improved significantly by the lower cost and higher ton prices. Cost-side companies were well regulated, with sales rates equal to -1.02 pct, mainly due to the cost being spent on continuous precision. Ton prices showed good performance and the cost was expected to drop by 2024/03/27.
Detailed, the cost rates for other periods as a whole have remained stable, with management/R & D/financial rates assessed on the same basis: q1 opening-up rates have risen, attention has been paid to the performance of the season structure, income levels have been high, and cost dividends are expected to be released steadily.
\triangleright, high-end space, industry structure improvements are driven by both supply and demand. In the current external economy, watch corporate monolithics continue to upgrade below core base markets, while medium- and low-end products are at the same time.
There is also room for euphemism within the product. The company’s income is resilient, and the annual cost dividend is expected to be released steadily, with a high level of certainty of performance. It is recommended to follow up with a sustained focus on the recovery of the weather during the season and current drinking channels.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.