Faced with the challenge of slowing down the structural upgrading trend, a 1q24 Qingjia beer, with both income and sales weaker than their counterparts, was able to boost profit rates by raising the average single price, reducing the cost of one ton and saving the cost of sales.
The 1q24 return net profit is 10% higher than market expectations. While market confidence has improved somewhat after performance, short-term market research has led us to be cautious about the sustainability of the Qingdao beer product structural upgrading and declining cost rates in 2024.
• The follow-up structural upgrade in 2024 remained uncertain: the sales of 1q24 beer in Qingdao fell by 7.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, far less than the Chongqing beer (5.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis). The average sales unit value of 1q24 increased by 7.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, which means that the trend circle for product structure improvement has diminished.
The sales of the main brand, 1q24, have fallen by 5.6% on a year-on-year basis, less than other brands. This is evidence of the company’s weak product power at the mid-to-high end and above.
Under the circumstances, we remain concerned that the weak product mix at the higher end of the price will not be able to sustain the continued upgrading of the product structure in the next few quarters. The increase in the Māori rate and the savings in sales costs helped to expand the profit margin of 1q24: 1q24 for the green.
Ton costs fell by 1.0 per cent over the year, slightly less than heavy beer (3.3 per cent over the year). With the help of an increase in unit prices and a decrease in single-ton costs, the rate of 1 q24 Maori (excluding taxes) was almost equal to the rate of 2.1 ppt. At the same time, the cost of 1 q24 sales fell by 12 per cent over the same period.
The sales cost rate has contracted by 1.0 ppt. This has helped the company to expand its core operating profit margin of 1q24 by 2.5 to 18 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a 10 per cent increase in the core operating profit, which coincides with the net return profit. However, we fear that the drop in sales costs of 1q24 is only a short-term marketing input.
This can also put pressure on the cost rate of 2q24. Based on the valuation of the 10x2024ev/ebitda (the 30% discount on the Chinese beer target), a sweep is focused on the international study of Pura Ying.
Financial statement analysis and forecast - Aoshima beer Poo Yinji International Spdbi optimism and pessimism scenario
Pessimistic scenario: corporate income and profitability are growing less than expected
Pessimism: Corporate income and profit rates are growing less than expected.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571), the first (Systems Trading) and the fourth (Provision of Comments on Securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold the securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.