In the first quarter of 2024, the company released the first quarter of 2024, and in the first quarter of 2024, it achieved a gross operating income of $10.15 billion.
Dollars, equal to -5.19 per cent; net profit on return to mothers, 1,597 million yuan, equal to +10.06 per cent; net profit on deductions from non-return to mothers, high base suppression rate of increase in sales over the same period last year, product structure upgrading continued. In the first quarter, company operating income was equal to -5.2 per cent, with sales equal to -7.5 per cent in split prices, mainly from the same period last year ' s high base, post-spring beer consumption
The impact of the downturn. Despite the pressure on total sales, the sales structure has improved, with the Aoshima master ' s brand sales going up to 60.5% and other brand sales falling to 39.5%. The company benefits from the product structure upgrade, with a thousand litres of alcohol earning the highest/lowest price for 52 weeks.
In the first quarter, the company spent a thousand litres of alcohol on a year-to-year basis, mainly on barley and package. In 2023, the international barley price fell, adding a domestic anti-tariff charge on Australian wheat, and in early 2024 the company was already enjoying the lower price dividend when it purchased barley throughout the year.
In the first quarter of the year, the company’s sales cost was equal to 1.0 pct, which is expected to be mainly low-season companies with modest savings in sales costs, and for follow-up sales and large companies.
In the first quarter, the net interest rate for corporate returns was 15.7%, compared to +2.2pct. The core product portfolio was active, the structure of the product was upgraded, and short-term costs increased profit growth. The company gathered to create a high- and middle-level core product portfolio, with a significant increase in the level of consumer recognition of the big monolithic Green Island classics and a strong product performance.
Natural marketing capacity; faster expansion of the Qingdao Pinocchio channel and higher product growth; and the high level of Aoshima Pussi (Aoshima) beer (600600.sh) - structural upgradability is highlighted by the fact that the basic share of the product is higher, and consumers have a better base of trust in their brands, as the consumption of pure beer in the 10-12 dollar scale expands.
Qingdao Beers (600600.sh) 2023 Quarterly Review: Three Quarters of Structural Optimisation Qingdao Pure Life is expected to resume growth. Core products are still on the rise, increasing product structure for companies, and increasing profits. Qingdao Beers (600600.sh) - Business Resilience Highlights, High Endings are advancing steadily.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: beer sales in the first quarter of the year are low, with sales accounting for a lower proportion of the year than expected as base channels expand; industry competition increases; and costs are higher than expected. Companies publish the first quarter of 2024, and in the first quarter of 2024, they realize a gross operating income of $10.15 billion.
In the first quarter, corporate business income was the same as -5.2%, and in the first quarter, sales were the same as -7.5%, mainly due to the same period last year’s high base, post-spring beer consumption.
The impact of the dilution. While the total sales volume is under pressure, the sales structure has improved, with the Qingdao master brand sales increasing by equal to 5.6 per cent, to 60.5 per cent (+1.2 pt), with sales of medium- and higher-end products increasing to 44.0 per cent (+2.3 pt), while sales of other brands such as Sakayama are equal to 7.5 per cent, with sales declining to 39.5 per cent.
Among the core products, classic sales in Qingjia are expected to drop slightly on a high base on the same day, while pure Qingjia is affected by fluctuations in the temperature of the catering industry, and are expected to grow in a positive way. The company’s income from a thousand litres of alcohol is estimated to be between +2.5 and +4647.44 per thousand litres per year, benefiting from the upgrading of the product structure.
In the first quarter, the company spent a thousand litres of alcohol on a year-to-year basis, mainly on large wheat and package costs. In 2023, the international barley price fell, adding a domestic anti-tariff charge on Australian wheat, and in 2024, the company had already enjoyed the lower price dividend when it purchased the barley throughout the year.
For the first quarter of the year, the company’s sales cost was the same as -1.opt, which is expected to be mainly a modest reduction in sales costs for the rest of the season, as well as for follow-up sales during the season and major sports events.
The cost of managing/research and development rates are more stable than +0.4/+0.1 pct. The first quarter net interest rate on corporate homecoming is 15.7%, compared to +2.2 pct. The core product mix continues to function, pushing the product structure up, and short-term cost increases profit increases.
Building a high- and middle-class core product portfolio, with a significant increase in consumer recognition of large monolithic Qingjia classics, with products showing strong natural marketing skills; a faster expansion of the Qingjima channel and a more growing product; a high-end product with a better basis of consumer confidence in its brand, with a 10-to-12 dollar consumption of pure beer
In the short term, the cost of raw materials fell further in 2024, which helped to magnify the increase in profits. Profit forecasts and investment proposals: beer sales in the first quarter are low, and sales account for a lower proportion of the year as a result of the base.
Direct outreach results and expectations; increased competition in the industry; and higher-than-anticipated costs. Figure 1: Qingdao beer quarterly operating income and increase (in millions of dollars, per cent) Figure 2: Qingdao beer quarterly net profit and increase (in millions, per cent)
Figure 3: Quarterly Mäori change in Qingdao Beers, Figure 4: Quarterly Net Rate Change in Qingdao Beers The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author