A 1024 volume reduction in the price of Aoshima's beer, a fall in the sale of 1o24 and a slowdown in the price of tons.
In 1024 companies, 1015 million yuan was raised, which is larger, and our judgement is mainly due to the high expectation that the epidemic was liberalized during the same period last year, pre-positioned and formed a high base (1q23 sales equal to +1.0 to 236,000 litres, the highest point in the last five years).
The main brand, the medium-high end, and the higher end of the product, increased their sales over the same period last year. The structure of the product has been upgraded, driving up the price of tons, but the increase has slowed down, and we have judged it to be the result of an increase in the turnover.
Cost dividends are released on time, sales rates contract, and the parent net interest rate rises considerably. 1) Cost end, Australasia cost dividends are released on time due to both cancellations and reduced material price pressures, with company ton costs equal to -1% to -2768 dollars. With structural upgrades and reduced ton costs, company Mār. 1q24 increases by 2.1 pct on the same basis.
To 40.4%) at the cost end, the company ' s 1q24 sales/management cost rate is equal to -1.0/+0.4 pct to the drop in the company ' s active reconciliation. The small increase in the management cost rate is mainly due to a fall in revenue. 3) The net return interest rate has increased by 2.2 pct to 15.7% over the same period.
Cost dividends are expected to continue to materialize, and performance is low and high, suggesting a positive layout. We believe that there is no change in the trend towards structural upgrading of the beer industry. For Qingdao beer, the company, guided by its regional strategy of “one or two” has continued to consolidate and upgrade its position within the base market.
The matrix establishes that companies will continue to operate at the middle-to-high end of the market, and that subsequent tonnage prices are expected to continue to grow. As Australia eliminates its counter-policies on April 29th, 2024, and moves into a new procurement cycle, the company shows greater cost elasticity in 1q24.
It is expected that the cost dividend will continue to be realized. With the 2023 pre-positioning, we expect the company to perform in 2024.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy operations Fluctuations in raw materials, food safety risks, and less than expected promotion of core monolithics.