The company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2019: $505 million in revenue-55 million, an increase of 22-33 per cent in the same year; a net return profit of $25 million to $27 million, an increase of 27-38 per cent in the same year.
The company ' s overall business performance was good in the first quarter of 2019, with good growth in business, steady growth in cip phone operations and high growth in vcs operations. The rise in the United States dollar exchange rate had a positive impact on the company ' s operating income. Objective growth in corporate profits was mainly due to increased product competitiveness, stable sales prices and Maori rates;
At the same time, business management has continued to be optimized, the cost rate has remained stable, and the management of funds has generated some investment gains.
The Unit compares the trend with the depth of 300 audio video solutions, including desktop phones t55a, t56a, t58a and video conferencing, and the company will use t5 to leverage high-end clients in North America and Europe, and the product structure is expected to continue to optimize and enhance the company's market.
In addition, the company, in partnership with Zoom, the leading international video manufacturer, launched a smart video product compatible with the Zoom software system, which is expected to help companies invest in the overseas vcs market. Sip phones are consolidated to achieve Vcs extension through innovation.
\triangleright’s main business continues to grow well, with 26% of the company’s sip phone market, according to frost&sullivan, the world’s largest commodity.
For example, at&t, verizon, German telecommunications, British telecommunications, etc., it is expected that new products will be added in 2019. On the vcs side, active exploration of new communication and collaborative solutions, release of touch-platform p20 products, and continued innovation to attract customers, vcs is expected to grow by more than 80% this year.
While maintaining the market advantage of its operations, companies have made significant efforts to optimize the product structure of their operations in vcs, which is expected to be 36 times higher. Maintenance of the “recommended” rating. Greater competition in the market in the sip sector; and less than expected diffusion of research and development in vcs.
Assessment: vcs continued breakthroughs, rapid business growth 2 and the performance forecast for the third quarter of 2018: three seasons of rapid business growth.
Co-operation with Microsoft to upgrade branding effects, Yang Xiao, Master ' s degree, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution sales, etc., August 2015 joined the People ' s Association, the University of Foreign Economics and Trade Master ' s degree in economics, two years of business experience as a operator, and in 2017, the Civil Securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.