Sip growth is steady, vcs is growing bright, and the World Wide Web (300628) is reporting an evaluation in 2018.
This represents an increase of 30.81 per cent in the same year; the net profit on maternity is 851 million yuan, an increase of 44.13 per cent in the same year. The company intends to achieve operating income of 533 million yuan per 10,2019, an increase of 29.25 per cent in the same year; the net profit on maternity is 261 million, which remains stable.
Plants such as polycom, cisco, which are occupied by companies that mainly provide sip phones for medium-sized enterprises, which are currently the main consumer group of sip phones, have t2, t4, t5 phones for different target groups. Differential positioning meets the needs of the divided groups.
Reports indicate that the company ' s share of market sales at the level of cips was 26 per cent in 2017, ranked first in the world, and that corporate cips grew steadily in 2018, and that the company is now working with Microsoft to complete the t5x product series.
(+0.51pct). The company ' s vcs product is priced lower than the Chinese flagship, with the product having a drop rate, maintaining normal communication in a weak environment, supporting full-resolution video transmission, installing simple and late-care costs, and attracting small and medium-sized enterprises for high value.
During the investment period, it is expected that in 2019, with the release of the company's vcs product, the company's overall Māori level will be further concentrated on the vcs product and its competitiveness will be enhanced. The domestic video industry chain will be stimulated by policies that will stimulate high growth in government, education, and so on. In 2018, the company entered into a partnership with Microsoft.
In the future, companies will further increase their research and development investment in vcs products, while providing cloud-based video solutions for education, government, health, etc.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the billion-dollar network (300628): sip growth steady, vcs growing bright, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.