Corporate review report  Communication industry  vcs business growth is fast and cloud platform growth can be expected on Wednesday, 24 April 2019
On 24 April, the annual report for 2018 was published by the BGW Network. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of 1,815 million yuan, an increase of 30.81 per cent over the same period the previous year; 935 million yuan, an increase of 44.06 per cent over the same period; and 748 million yuan, an increase of 36.30 per cent over the same period.
The company achieved operating income of $533 million, an increase of 29.25 per cent over the same period of the previous year; the net profit attributable to the company's shareholders was $261 million, an increase of 32.92 per cent over the same period of the previous year. (First recommended)
Annual growth of 23,01 per cent and a slight decrease of 0.83 percentage points in the Māori rate: strategic development of the vcs business municipality, 95,68 per cent annual growth rate, increase in total revenue to 9.66 per cent, increase in Māori to 74.7 per cent, implementation of the company's “Cloud Plus” product concept, vcs end product reaching industry leaders
Ping; deep corporate involvement in overseas operators’ channels, including United States telecommunications operators at&t, verizon, German telecommunications, French telecommunications, British telecommunications, etc. Research and development inputs continue to grow, working with Microsoft to widen markets.
36.46 per cent, or 7.54 per cent of total revenues, are based on the “cloud + end” to provide solutions for public, mixed and private clouds. A comprehensive strategic partnership with Microsoft will help to gradually penetrate the target market and support the future performance of the company.
Overseas cloud videoconferences are well received and the industry is growing rapidly. Zoomnasdak is on the market, starting with an 80% increase in the first day, and its main source of business cloud videoconferencing solutions is for clients. Billion network overseas markets receive more than 90% of the revenue. Companies have multiple product certifications and a wide range of marketing channels, in international markets.
With more high-quality and stable customers, and more competitive markets. Dots.
There will be no change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and there is no interest in evaluating or recommending the securities in the report. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may provide or seek to raise them.
For investment banking or other services.