On 23rd of April 2019, performance continued to grow rapidly, and vcs opened up room for future growth.
The first quarter of 2019 saw a revenue of $533 million, an increase of 29.25 per cent and a net gain of $261 million, an increase of 32.92 per cent. The year’s performance was largely in line with expectations, and the financial indicators remained excellent.
Market value in circulation (millions): Led by its core business, the company continues to grow at a rapid rate, and the related financial indicators continue to be generated by research and development on vcs products.
• The core business is progressing well, and the pace of growth is fully in line with the target.
Horizontal and Vertical Breakthroughs 2018.08.17 In which Sip calls and vcs operations grew slightly faster than expected, Sip operations continued to expand, maintaining industry leader status.
The global replacement of ip-communications simulations is continuing, while cloud-based deployments continue to be more exciting than usual, both of which together drive demand in the industry.
With 26% of the field share, the company is the world’s number one, building on the company’s efforts to increase its market share in 2018. At the same time, it continues to increase its investment in the development of the tipphone, upgrading existing products, and developing new products to meet the deep needs of the different break-down groups.
User sinking has led to the expansion of the industry, and the rapid growth of cloud-plus product companies. Advances in technology have reduced the cost of videoconferencing, and an increasing number of SMEs are beginning to make it possible.
With videoconferencing systems, markets start to sink and markets become larger. In 2018, companies increased their input into vcs products, and in terms of system capacity, stability, etc., the company’s products were significantly enhanced. At the same time, the company’s products were rich in form that could meet the needs of all categories of users, the “cloud-end” product concept.
The company, as a leading company in the area of unified communications, continues to be competitive and is expected to gradually expand its high-end market share through collaboration with Microsoft.
With regard to vcs' products and inputs from channels, the “Yun+End” product pattern is gradually entering the market, and in the future the author will have the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting practice granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.