The core logic is: price reduction in the main chain; the release of secondary materials; profit from low price restoration of raw materials; stabilization of the supply chain to the top sheet quarries; and stabilization of the supply chain of the quartz ore on 28/07/2023.
According to the National Energy Agency, by the end of June, we had a cumulative capacity of 470 million kilowatts, or 17.3% of the total number of installed units, and officially exceeded hydropower as the country's second largest source of electricity. In the first half of the year, we had 78.42gw, compared to 154% in the previous half of the year.
By 2023, the global/Chinese photovoltage ceiling was raised to 350gw/140gw, and the year-on-year ceiling was raised to more than 50%, and the demand for photovoltaic glass is expected to increase further. With the policy tightening and profit bottom slowing down production, supply and demand openings are expected to narrow.
It is expected to slow down the pace of production. Recently, the Ministry of Industry and Communications and the IDB jointly issued a circular on the further development of early warning of the risks associated with the production of photovoltile glass. China's photovoltage glass was already operational at 84,000 tonnes per day, compared to +72.0% per year. The supply end may therefore be subject to significant fluctuations. At the same time, according to Forlet data, its 2022 photovoltage mary has been reduced to 6.3 yuan per flat, approaching its lowest value since 2015, and the manufacturer's driving power is inadequate.
During this period, supply-side repression, partly absorbed by policies and profit-making, is expected to result in some of the additional production capacity, which is expected to be reduced by a reduction in overcapacity. With multiple factors building down the downward trend, the profitability of photovoltage glass taps is expected to be repaired upwards 510 million square metres, +92.6 per cent, Māori rate 23.3 per cent, Māori ratio-12.4 pcts, net profit per unit down to 3.6 yuan per square dollar, same ratio to 41.3 per cent.
Volatile price fluctuations; 3) Increase in the size of the single body of the company ' s kilns, with 1,200 tons of new energy per day melted from bases such as Anhui/Southerton, which can be reduced by several dimensions of production efficiency, energy consumption/finishment/scale effects; 4) fall in prices in the main industrial chain to stimulate the growth of loading machines, and the company is expected to achieve a double-high increase in sales and profitability.
The company, as a global photovolunteer, accounted for 23.0% in 2022, and industry cl.2 was close to 50%, which, together with Shinrikyo, has created a double-operability pattern in the industry. By virtue of its advantages in size and resources, the company is expected to maintain its leading position in the industry.
Companies continue to expand their client resources and bind their high-quality clients. The company has signed cooperation agreements with Crystal Energy/Oriental Sunrise/Lungki Green Energy/Chrystal and Australasia, respectively, with a total contract value of approximately $43.7 billion (accumulated by the market at the time of the announcement). The quality of the company ' s products has continued to be recognized, and this year it has signed framework contracts with Crystal Energy and Jung-Thai, respectively.
In 2022, the company achieved 15,461 million, +77.4% of the year, a net return of 2,123 million, +0.1% of the year, a steady increase in the number of photovoltaics and a high industrial profile. The industry is expected to mitigate the risk of excess capacity, along with lower prices for important raw materials and fuel, and smooth margins. The company is the leader of the industry, actively hedges the cost risks to top-down raw materials, and the production capacity of the main industry is steadily released, deeply tied down downstream head enterprises, and digests the new ones.
The annual net return to the mother was 30.1, 40.4 and 5160 million yuan, equivalent to 25, 18 and 14 times the value of the pe. The macroeconomic downturn, lower downstream demand and high fluctuations in raw material prices; changes in domestic policies; lower output of companies; trade barriers in Europe and America, respectively.
Figure 1 shows a clear trend of growth in corporate revenue (million yuan)
The single-season net return of companies has remained stable (in billions of yuan), and the Māori rate and net interest rate of companies in figure 5 (%) and Māori rate and net interest rate of companies in figure 6 (%)
Figure 9 Main distribution of corporate sales in China and other Asian countries (millions of yuan)
Figure 12 Company stock turnover days have continued to decrease (day) Figure 13 Photovoltaic glass production capacity (Cr2) at around 50%
Figure 152023 Up to 350gw (gw) Figure 162023 Up to 140gw (gw)
Figure 20 Cost of fuel and raw materials such as pure alkaline, quartz sands, over 80 per cent of the total, and figure 19 Application of glass (2.1.6 mm) to two-procedure components as a percentage of the increase Financial statements and financial indicators (in millions of dollars)
The industry of arms, steel, etc., has conducted in-depth research on technology and cycles, and has developed a framework for research on “China’s manufacturing investment cycle” in the fields of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics, and automation. Focusing on the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium, and storage energy, the team has devoted limited energy to serving the second- and second-tier markets where the country’s needs are met, the industry flourishes, and the people have faith, and if not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided to you only for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to others.