\triangleright \triangleright \
For Māori, the Māori rate of 23h1 is 19.12%, which is lower than the average price of photovoltaic glass due to lubrication, reducing the profit margin of the company; q1, which increases the cost ratio of the q2 profit level as the primary raw materials are pure and fuel end prices fall.
On the one hand, Dun Yongkang has good cost control and a scale effect has led to a decline in cost rates, with a cost rate of 6.25 per cent for the 23h1 period, and /+0.57 pct/-0.53 pct. The increase in financial costs is mainly due to increased interest expenditure on borrowings.
Kwok Yingzheng q3 light-volt glass is in a price-up route with a profit recovery period. On the demand side, the industry chain price is stimulators, s01052207002
The higher demand for downstream loadings, the higher production ring of the components in July/August, the higher demand for glass, the supply side, the profit from the industry hovering at the bottom, led to a lack of momentum for the expansion of the capacity of some SMEs, and the system of hearings led to industry, Jubaino.
At the cost end, pure base prices have recovered since August, which has contributed to the upward pressure on raw materials. Following a small increase in the price of light glass in early August, the price of light glass may have increased further in early September, and q3 is expected to earn more.
Research assistant, Lin Fook, has continued to expand production capacity, with overseas production having a premium dividend. The company currently has a photovoltaic glass production capacity of about 20,600t/d, \triangleright.
The company plans to complete the production of four 1,200t/d kilns in An Xiangyang in 23 years; in addition, the company intends to build four 1200t/d kilns in Jiangsuzhou. The project has now been approved through a hearing and is accelerating construction, with a nominal capacity of over 25,400t/d expected by the end of 2023, which will enable it to take advantage of further scale.
To strengthen the company’s industry leadership. 23h1, the Viet Nam subsidiary of Fullet achieved income of RMB 1,021 million, net.
2. Fulett (601865.sh) tri-quarter 2022: accelerated release of capacity, profit recovery period - 2022/10/30
21q4 performance is short-lived, product expansion plus upward integration, methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.