Performance met expectations, profit recovery sustained, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre increased the price, cost down, and the q2 performance ring improved. 23h1 company photovoltage
Current operating income of $8,787 million, an increase of 35.85 per cent over the same period. The increase in revenue was mainly due to the company’s increased capacity for productive discharge and increased demand in the photovoltaic sector. By the end of 23h1, the company’s capacity stood at 20.6 million tons per day, with accelerated progress on the Anffou IV and South China Round projects. The income ring ratio of 23q2 companies declined, mainly due to the June silicon prices.
Large downs, industrial chain price games affect delivery, and 23q2 light-voltage glass exits are expected to drop below the ring ratio. The price increase for light-voltage glass in June is 0.5/p. The cost-side rises by 6.25% over the period of the company as the price of pure alkaline and fuel drops.
Financial costs are expected to continue to rise as a result of the company’s earlier acquisition of the three-power mining industry and the increased borrowing of the Great China mining industry – the expected increase in q3 platoon production. As the price of silicon is down, domestic ground power plants maintain a high rate of growth and drive up demand for their components. Since 23q3, the component end-out ring ratio has continued to rise.
Company orders are adequate, and the volume of shipments is expected to increase simultaneously. Photovoltaic glass prices rose by 0.5 yuan/ level early in August. Pure base q2 fell sharply, and is expected to be reflected in the company’s q3 cost.
Since May 2023, Zhejiang, Henan, Chongqing, Fujian, Shanxi, Jiangsu, Hebei, Anhui, Gansu, 9 provinces have co-ordinated and are in the process of constructing and building light-voltage-extended glass projects. A total of 40 projects, totalling 87,000 tons, have been covered.
It is expected that future light glass kiln ignition will be strictly conditional on low-risk early warning. The CSRC refinancing policy is now tightened, the industry’s profits are low, and the new production capacity of light glass will be covered.
Prospective earnings and investment proposals. The amount invested in photovoltaic capacity is large, the construction cycle is long, and one or two lines of business is full.
This difference is clear. Over the past two years, the industry has been in a downward cycle, with two-line, three-line firms willing to expand.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.