A steady increase in revenue and a steady increase in the Māori rate The first quarter of the financial review of the Cedars (000568), the first quarter of 2018, the company's operating income increased by 3,370 million yuan, compared with 26.20 per cent, and the net profit of the parent owner was 1,211 billion yuan.
The same-year increase of 51.86 per cent, net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies netting off non-recurring gains and losses of $1,053 million, an increase of 32.39 per cent, ps 2018, an increase of 32.39 per cent, an increase of revenue set targets at the beginning of the initial completion of the year, and a steady increase in the Māori rate. In the first quarter of 2018, the company continued its trend of last quarter growth in revenue growth, which was 26.20 per cent, slightly higher than the target of 25 per cent for the year as a whole set at the beginning of 2018.
After deducting this share of the proceeds, the company’s net return profits have increased by 32.39%, which is enough to show that the company’s profitability is gradually increasing and opening up. On the cost side, the company has continued to increase its advertising and marketing efforts (product displays, market development, etc.) this quarter, resulting in an increase in advertising and market expansion costs and an increase in sales costs of 38.66%; and interest on current deposits.
The impact of rising incomes has led to a sharper reduction in corporate financial costs. As the ratio of medium- and high-end alcohol has continued to rise, the Māori-led ratio has continued to rise, reaching 74.67% for 18q1 Māori, an increase of 2.74pt over 17 years.
Focusing on five main monoliths, developing high-end markets, the product-end advantage became more pronounced. In 2017, the company successfully advanced the product structure, moving the product towards the upper-middle-end market, receiving three lower-than-high-school products fell in turn, with a high-end alcohol ratio of 44.72 per cent. After four price increases in the previous year, the 52nd-degree cellar now requires the group to purchase at no less than $840 and the bulk price is around 820.
Year after year, the special and cellar age became the second-end product of the year's focused input and energy of the company, which has now developed a confluence of the special series. Good momentum. The special is expected to grow steadily in the context of rising consumption. And the succulent age, which has been the focus of this year's company development in 60 years, has largely ended in 2017 as a result of the restructuring of the product structure of previous years.
In the future, the company’s product structure will be more optimal, with different segments facing different consumer groups, brands more popular, and product-side advantages more prominent, helping companies to make a profit. Promoting a “big branding strategy” and strengthening planning to return to the white industry “first three aces” in 2017.
In 2018, the company will continue to expand its channels and terminals on last year's basis, while steadily pushing forward overseas market layouts. In addition, the company will continue to build on its unswerving push for a “big brand strategy” and continue to build.
High-end branding, high-end advocacy, and a quarter of corporate input in advocacy and marketing have demonstrated the firm’s commitment to branding this year. According to the company’s plan, this year’s company will be expanding its market size, sales size, consumers’ size, management, technology, marketing, product innovation, and improving its effectiveness in many aspects of production, marketing, and management.
The company was able to strengthen its planning base and advance its development goals of “Photo First”, “Photo Three” and “Industry Marks” and expects that in 2018, the company will increase its investment in the basement age and specials of its waist products while guaranteeing a high growth of 1573, taking second-high prices, along with the company's financial and intellectual growth in the East.
The M.A. holds a first degree in finance from the University of Durant, England, and a double degree from the Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space.
China Agricultural University-California University, Berkeley, jointly trains a PhD in agricultural economics management. Joined the East Hing Securities and Investment Department in 2015 to analyze its own research views.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies