Food and beverages in the old cellars of the state (000568), product structure is clearly upgraded, channels and markets are based on the long term, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: Annual reports issued by the company for 2017, yielding revenue of $10.4 billion, equal to +21 per cent, total parentage), annual income of +25 per cent, net profit of +33 per cent, of which +3.1 billion was earned by the mother, high-end alcohol continued to grow at a high rate in 17 years, middle-end wines were adjusted, cellars were still in age and products were finished
Construction upgrades are evident: 1 high-end alcohol 1573: annual income increases of 59%, estimated growth of more than 40%, continued price increases since 2016, high-end branding and the cost of marketing, while benefiting from high demand and prices and high growth in the state cellars.
2. Middle-rate alcohol: 3 per cent increase in income, 17 years is the year of the old word special collage, after more than a year of continuous price increases and channels inventory collating, the special has been fine-tuned, 18 years is the year of the re-establishment of the old word special, and it is estimated that the old 18q1 feature is back up fast; the special 60 is spread from Sichuan to the whole country, and 18q1 is sold.
There has been a significant increase in the number of businesses, with over-projected loans: wine of the same age: in business, it is still in the process of being combing. 3, the headlines and duo and other series of wines: income growth - 4%, but it is worth noting that the low-end Mäori rate will increase by nearly 13 percentage points, showing that the company’s product focus strategy is working significantly.
The increase in the Māori rate was evident, the cost rate increased, profitability increased and the amount of advance payments continued to rise: benefits from production, marketing, branding, advertising costs and market opening costs increased significantly; net interest rates rose by almost 2 to 25 per cent, and profitability increased significantly. Meanwhile, the amount of advance payments was close to $2 billion.
• Keeping in mind the firm’s steady growth: 1; the company’s product series is the best, with a high reputation for medium alcohol brands, which combines good management and flexible markets, with a wide range of opportunities for growth. 1573: Focus on the core markets Southwest, North and Central China, while opening up the markets of East and South China; locking in the core clientele through the state cellars.
It's a brand company operating model, with a clear increase in channel control, cost-effective and market-friendly. Mid-end: the 60-old feature is co-ordinated, the 60-and-crylic version is positioned at the lower end, business consumption, and personal consumption combined. According to a root study, it's active during the 60-spring season, and the crystal version is in four.
Kawakami and Jiang Zianichi have led to optimism; the old adjectives make full use of branding, match the cost increases and resources in the core regions of Henan, Hebei and Shandong, and match the consumer prices of the population, and are expected to pick up fast growth; and the cellar wine will take some time to continue its work. The head and second are relatively smooth, but the Maori rate is expected to move up.
2. The high-school liquor price system has been streamlined, increasing the cost of investment has led to a rapid increase in income. In 2016, the cellars were completed, the specials series of 2017 were completed, and the state cellars and specials are now more competitive, the end channels are rich, and the channels are strong. In 2018, the costs will increase, and the medium- and high-quality liquor will grow again.
3. Management comes from the front line, with a flexible distribution system and flat-down channel model that allows for control of the terminal; at the same time, combined with a high degree of flexibility on the part of distributors and integration into brand companies, it facilitates the development and maintenance of channels and brings innovations in channels for high corporate performance and growth.
The net return profit for the next three years will maintain a 36% compound growth rate. The value given to the company is 30 times higher in 2018. Cedars (000568). The product structure is clearly upgraded, and Nose will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.