The structure of the product has been significantly upgraded and the profitability of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre has increased significantly.
Events: company reports issued in the first quarter of 2018, yielding revenues of $3.37 billion, or +26 per cent of the year; net profit earned by mothers $1.21 billion, or 52 per cent of the year ' s increase; net profit withheld from non-repatriated mothers of $1.05 billion, or +32 per cent of the year, while basic high- and medium-grade alcohol continued to grow rapidly, low-end alcohol levelled and product structure significantly upgraded.
More than 30 per cent of the estimated growth, continued branding, enhanced access to the state cellar and brand company business models, increased the power of the channel, targeting core clients; medium liquor: faster in the higher volume, more than 30 per cent in the forecast for the old-rate feature, more powerful q1 in the 60-nation special; low-grade wine:
In general, the 1573 and feature series are two-wheel driven, leading to rapid performance growth, while product structure upgrades are evident. Point to 74.7%, benefiting mainly from: 1, product structure upgrade; and 2, old-word features, stable and reduced prices.
Related subsidies. Consumer taxes and surcharges increased by more than 1 percentage point, mainly as a result of increases in the consumption tax of brewing companies; three rates were more stable, the structure changed and the cost of sales increased by 1.6 percentage points, mainly as a result of higher advertising and market promotion costs; and administrative and financial cost rates fell by more than one hundred.
• Take a good look at the steady growth of the company: 1; the firm's product series is the best; the medium brand is well known; it adds up to good management and flexible market operations; and there is plenty of room for growth.
North and Central China, both opening up to the markets of East and South China. Mid-end: Specials 60, Old Words Co-operation, Specials 60 and Crystal Colours are located at the lower end, the combination of business and personal consumption, the crystal colours are driving optimism in Sichuan and Jiang Zing I. The Old-word special works to make full use of branding, in Henan, Hebei and Shandong, among others.
In 2016, the national cellar was combed, the 2017 special series was combed, and now the cellars and specials are competitive, and the end channels are profitable.
At the same time, in combination with the high flexibility of distributors and the integration of brand companies, it is easy to open and maintain channels for the growth of the company's performance (000568), the product structure has been significantly upgraded.
2. Precincts in the Länder (000568). The product structure is clearly upgraded and Noro has not received any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.