High-end alcohol-driven income returns to $10 billion in 18 years.
▪ 17 years of revenue profits are expected, with the high-end wine cellar as an engine of income growth: 10.39 billion dollars in 17 years, net return to the mother of 2.56 billion dollars, and completion of the early year ' s plan of 103 per cent and 101 per cent; of this, 10.11 billion were alcohol, which is the same increase. 17 years of high-end wine cellar revenue of $4.65 billion, compared to 59 per cent, sustained high-resilient growth.
In 17 years, prices have been raised several times through multiple stopovers, and after the channel runs, the profits subsidy has been reduced and the volume price has risen substantially. 2) In 17 years, the middle-end specials and scavengers have earned $2.87 billion, compared with 3%, driven mainly by national cutters and 17 years of price increases. The special series has stopped many times.
(c) Low-end wine headings, dubbings and 17-year earnings - 3.5 per cent, mainly for the digestion of low-end base alcohol production, product location of $80-150, focus on rural markets in counties and towns, and access
After 17 years of incorporation into the stock company, the company has made corresponding market adjustments to its marketing system and personnel, and is expected to move to a normal growth phase in the future. The sharp increase in the closing advance payments has led to an improvement in cash flow, and the cellar has led to a historic rise in Maori.
For example, 4017 customers combing up their stocks to increase profits, coupled with the high incentive of distributors to pre-arranged goods, which is 100 million dollars per year + 53.5 per cent, of which 4q17 million are $3.66 billion, representing a significant increase of 138.4 per cent over the same period, as a result of a significant increase in the four-quarter advance payments. 3) The product structure has improved further, leading to a rise in Maori to historic highs.
Increased investment in marketing reform costs and phasing out the impact of consumer taxes. 1) 18-year advance advertising fees affect the second half of the year: 2.41 billion, +54.9 per cent, for 17 years, and 23.2 per cent, respectively.
Compared to +4.7 pct, which exceeded the planned cost of company sales by $1.93 billion, mainly to increase marketing reform and spending. The opening balance at the end of the company ' s advance account + 110 million, mainly due to the impact of advertising in 2018.) Consumer tax adjustments are gradually in place and future profit growth factors are phased out: Company 17 operating taxes
1. “Pricing collage works well, future harvests are 17 years leading back to the 10 billion camps, and future targets “return to the first three” into the strategic sprint period. 1) Growth is expected to accelerate.
In 17 years, the size of the cellar rose, the company successfully met its target of 10 billion, and 18 years was defined as the “Stamp Year”, with 2, “Stamp Year”: High Growth Release of the cellar, with the hope of sustaining high income and profit growth from the cellar and special brands. 2) Grass roots research, the country during the Spring Festival.
Profit space, reform dividends are expected to accelerate, the door openings are opened, post-saving channels are low, and prices are gradually raised to $790-810, initially improving profit lines. And companies strengthen terminal control and branding by flattening distributors and public guests.
(b) The 60th edition of the special feature is intended to be nationalized during the spring sugar season, and the location of 400 sub-high-end prices through group purchasing channels is expected to boost the performance of medium- and high-end products.
It was determined that the TAC project is currently under way and that it is expected to optimize the quality of products to release high-end base alcohol in the future. This is expected; new market development revenues are not as high as expected; and food safety is a problem.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board