High-end white wine accelerates the growth of hip products Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) 10 nightly release of the 2017 annual report, the company achieved overall business during the reporting period
One billion yuan, or 30.69 per cent in the same year; a basic gain of $1.798 per share, with a weighted average net asset return net profit of $561 million, or 22.77 per cent, on the net asset of the company's shareholders.
In 17 years, the white wine industry as a whole showed a surge in prices and market values. In a favourable consumption environment, the company’s sales of white wine increased significantly, especially in high-end products, reaching $4.648 billion, with an increase of more than 50% over the reporting period.
Nearly half. Middle alcohol yields 2,875 million yuan, nearly 30 per cent of revenue, and low alcohol revenues of 2,591 million yuan, which continues to decline. As a result of the significant increase in the sale of high alcohol, the company has increased from 9.5 percentage points to 71.93 per cent over the year, with the high alcohol ratio rising by 2.23 percentage points to 90.36 per cent.
In 18 years, the industry was still in a good mood, with the company’s previous quarterly performance report, after expunging the non-recurring gains and losses from the listing of the investment unit’s Waxi securities, still showing a high growth of 35-45%. The company’s owner attacked the waist, or made it difficult for the cost to fall, but expected to drive.
The company, as the leader of a strong-fragmatic white wine, has been successful in deepening its reforms, with a strong focus on the three main product lines, the strategy, a streamlined, repositioned national cellar series, and a solid white wine high-value belt. In the context of rising consumption and high-end white wine prices, there is a large market for white wine, and the company's age,
The specials are very competitive at this price. The company takes a position to promote middle-level products, digs up empty markets, and speeds up the consolidation of the waist.
Teams and channels are almost complete, and it is hoped to accelerate the capture of mid-end market shares and end-use time. Companies pool their resources, develop consumer circles through various high-end activities, and reshape the urban gate B, 5th floor.
In keeping with the dominant trend of raising the concept of nutrition and health awareness, moving to the health-care white market, and expanding the area of fruit and wine, it is hoped that the future will build up energy under the influence of corporate brands and channels. We look forward to firm branding influence and competitiveness.
The value-added effects of products in the future are clear, strategic objectives for corporate management are clear, direction is clear, and the company’s future performance is kept in view.
Fig. 2: I am not, and will not be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Disclosures of company-related information The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, as defined by the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index in the six months following the reporting date, as follows:
In the six-month period following the reporting date, industry was defined as follows: (overweight): industry outperformed overall market performance; (underweight): industry was weaker than overall market performance.