q2 performance increased, cpu, dcu's business went well, sealight information (688041.sh) semi-annual review of 2025
Chen Wei Xuang grew by 37.49%. During the reporting period, the demand for high-end chips continued to rise, and the company accelerated its imports at the client level by deepening its collaboration with the entire company and its ecological partners.
The company’s main business is well under way, with R & D costs falling as a percentage of revenue.
The company’s products include general processors (cpu) and co-processors (dcu).
The three main advantages of product excellence, system compatibility and system safety, as well as a wide range of generic and industrial ecology in national processors, support both high-end servers for complex applications such as data centres, cloud computing and government, business and educational sites
Low- and medium-end servers, as well as workstations and peripheral computing servers, in the informatization of the landscape, have been widely applied in key industries or areas such as telecommunications, finance, the Internet, education, and transport; the sea light dcu series is based on the gpgpu structure and is deployed mainly in server clusters or data
The Centre, which provides high-performance, energy-efficient computing for applications, supports high-complexity and high-absorption data-processing tasks that can be widely applied to applications such as large-scale data processing, artificial intelligence, commercial computing, etc. The company’s two main camps were operating well during the reporting period, with high-end processors in production.
In terms of R & D inputs, companies invested $1.711 billion in R & D in the first half of 2025, compared to 5.84 pct, mainly because the same rate of increase in revenues was higher than the same rate of increase in R & D costs during the reporting period.
The proposed stock exchange will absorb the merger into China, and it is expected to accelerate the process of arithmetic integration and national substitution. The company previously disclosed on 9 June " Sealight Information Technology (SIT) Exchange Absorption of the Merge Dawn Information Industry (SIGI) " , and the proposed collection of ancillary funds and associated transactions to absorb the merger through a stock exchange " .
The main product is the "cpu+dcu" high-end processor, while the main product is the "cpu+dcu" high-end processor.
The closure of the industrial chain of downstream cloud services, the formation of a single “chips plus machine plus computing” capability, which is expected to bring about a deep convergence of resources from the domestic information industry's leading firms, accelerate the scaling-up of national production chips in such contexts as government, communications, finance, energy and so on, and promote the information industry in our country.
Health development and acceleration of integration and national production substitution processes in the area of domestic numeracy. Note: “Market index” for this rating system,a with a depth of 300 indexes for the unit reference point; and three index points for the new three-board reference point.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.