Shinjishan Witness Information (688041.sh) The first half of the year has seen a rise in income, and the whole industry chain is about to be shaped.
Maintenance of high contract liabilities and historical stock build-up will support public \triangleright market data: 8 August 2025
In the future, the Division will grow in certainty. As a result of the rising demand for high-end home-grown chips, the company will accelerate market expansion by deepening its collaboration with plant and eco-partners in key sectors and priority areas, pushing for the highest/minimum (in dollars) in the year:
The same liability of $3.091 billion indicates that there are still large amounts of pre-receipts for newly signed contracts, downstream demand, market value of share liquiditya (billions): 5,794 million yuan at the end of March 25 years, and a significant increase in the proportion of finished products, interdiction
The product rotation and market expansion influence short-term profitability performance. \triangleright as companies continue to invest in research and development.
The turnover of high-end processor products, the rising share of new products, the accumulation of long-term surcharges associated with the accumulation of new products and the amortization of self-researched intangibles have led to a 3.28 percentage point reduction in the company ' s Māori ratio in the first half of this year compared to the same period in the previous year.
The marketing and marketing team has also been active in promoting eco-building, promoting a significant increase in sales costs, with company sales rates rising 1.83 percentage points in the first half of the year compared to the same period in the previous year. As a result, the first half of 2025 will form the whole industry chain layout of "chips-server-cloud" when China merges.
On 25th, the company issued an announcement in parallel with China's report that China intends to absorb the merger by offering a share to all of the stockholders of China, a share in exchange for a share, and also to issue a share to raise matching funds.
Kim. We believe that the future company, when it absorbs the convergence light, will form a whole industry chain layout from the chip to the server to the cloud, with full synergy between the two: on the one hand, the company will absorb the light after the dawn.
A reduction in product R & D and listing cycles through technological synergetic approaches is expected to boost the overall M & A rate through scale effects, while a merger of companies and dawn will result in the sharing of customer resources to enhance the market expansion of sealight in government, energy, finance, electricity and new areas.
Companies cpu and dcu are in the first domestic echelons of product performance and ecology and are expected to continue to benefit from the nationalization of cpu and ai chips, adjust their original profit projections, anticipate higher risk of customer concentration, supply chain risk, risk of rising prices of major raw materials, new
The research and development of the \triangleright product has not progressed as expected. Reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.