Performance has grown steadily, with continued upgrading of the architecture, steady progress in server ecology, 2502 income and a steady increase in net profits, and contract liabilities have built up confidence in performance throughout the year. The company reported in 25 years that 25h1 achieved operating income of $5.464 billion, compared to +45.21 per cent, and net return to the mother of $1,201 million.
The ring ratio +46.52 per cent, with a steady increase in income and net profits, is largely due to the sustained growth in domestic high-end chip market demand, and companies have accelerated their performance confidence by deepening their collaboration with business and ecological partners in key industries and areas, accelerating by $442 million, 219 million, and sustained improvement on the supply side.
1 pc, Ring 1.9 pc, mainly as a result of: 1) the continuous rise in the income share of companies ' dcu products and the decline in the overall Māori ratio of companies ' dcu products below the cpu product, but the dcu products have higher rates of industry growth, market space and continuous optimization of the corporate product matrix; 2) based on the public domain
The Division reported that the prices of raw materials had increased during the reporting period. The increase over the period was due mainly to the rapid expansion of the market and marketing teams in order to increase market outreach while actively promoting ecological development, which led to a significant increase in the cost of sales.
Sealight Information (688041.sh)-25q1 performance increased on a year-on-year basis, and dcu operations continued to upgrade their architecture and server ecology steadily advanced. 1) Structure design continued to upgrade: corporate output, Sealight Information (688041.sh) - increased performance year-on-year, and is expected to benefit from 25 years
There has been a significant increase in branch forecast algorithms, vomiting, cistern capacity and management algorithms, which are matched by Sealight Information (688041.sh) - higher revenues, higher profits and higher returns, and a growing set of instructions needed for the application of research and development techniques, with emphasis on large model reasoning and training performance, with built-in memory.
Sealight Information (688041.sh) - Accelerating Income Growth, Business Good -- Controls support storage protocol interfaces such as ddr and hbm, access bandwidth and high reliability techniques are increasing, while support memory encryption, memory mirrors, etc.) Server ecology is advancing steadily: during the reporting period, public sector
Sealight Information (688041.sh)-2023 reported a high-performance performance, with the Division gradually expanding its membership of well-known domestic server manufacturers such as Xinhua, Xinhua and his peers, and developing many products such as sealight processor-based servers, workstations and so forth, effectively contributing to the industrialization of high-end processors.
Investment proposals: Based on the steady progress of server ecology, which in turn boosts the volume of product sales and sustains the profit forecast, companies will accelerate their imports at the client end by deepening their collaboration with the company ' s high-end chip market and eco-partners in key industries and areas. As of 2502 corporate contract liabilities are 3,091 million yuan, as compared to 30,91 million yuan.
219 million yuan continues to improve on the supply side to strengthen confidence in performance. Figure 2: Ocean Light Information Single Season Operating Income and Growth (Billion Dollars, %) Figure 3: Sealight Information to Mother Net Profit and Growth (Billions, %)
Figure 4: Net profit and increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) of the single season of sealight information due to the mother ' s net profit and rate of increase
The price of raw materials increased during the reporting period, according to the company’s reported disclosure. The cost for the 25q2 period was 29.9% ring ratio - 2.0 pcs, with sales, management, R & D, and pct. The increase in sales costs was mainly due to the company’s rapid expansion of its marketing and marketing teams in order to increase market outreach.
At the same time, ecological construction was actively promoted, leading to a significant increase in sales costs. 2502 companies achieved a net interest rate of 30.3%, corresponding to -8.0 ptt, ring + 0.5 pt. Figure 5: Māori sealight information and net interest rate (%)
Figure 6: Cost rates during the period of sea light information (in %) The architecture is continuously upgraded and the server ecology is steadily advanced. 1) The architecture design is continuously upgraded: the company ' s products are significantly upgraded in terms of branch predictions, vomiting, cistern capacity and management algorithms, and the set of instructions is not appropriate for application needs.
The break-up focused on the enhancement of large model reasoning and training performance, with memory controllers supporting storage interfaces such as ddr and hbm, increasing bandwidth and high reliability technology, while supporting memory encryption, memory mirrors, etc.) Server ecology steadily advanced: during the reporting period, companies gradually expanded their nationally renowned uniforms such as conjectures, Xinhua San and co-authors.
Operators have developed a number of products such as sealight processor-based servers, workstations, etc., which have effectively contributed to the industrialization of high-end processors. Investment proposal: based on the steady ecological advance of servers, which in turn boosts the increase in product sales, sustains the forecast for profit.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject