Mid 2025: q2 high performance, with an emphasis on national production opportunities
The company works closely with mainstream domestic servers to promote the use of products in data centres, cloud computing, etc., and to build a multiplicity of joint solutions through luminous organizations to achieve a universal home-grown computing platform.
At the same time, it's planning for a change of shares to absorb the convergence of neutron light, to facilitate the direct integration of chip design with mechanism-building, to build the capacity of the whole store from chip to arithmetic, and to further consolidate its key position in the national production and arithmetic infrastructure.
The growth of the cloud industry has accelerated, and the h20 sanctions have provided historical opportunities for domestic productivity. The product of the product has flourished, pushing for an outbreak of growth in arithmetic consumption. The average daily consumption of the tokens of the May byte bean bun model has reached 16.4 trillion, a 137-fold increase over the same period last year. More tokens consumption is expected to counter-milk clouds.
On July 31, the National Internet Information Office interviewed British Weida about the security risks at the back of the H20 chip gap. The state initiated an investigation on the back of the h20 chip.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company owns two leading domestic products: cpu and dcu. On the cpu side, the company’s income from cpu products will increase steadily as the industry’s trust is steadily advancing. On the dcu side, the trend of releasing arithmetic needs and national production of ai chips is accelerating.
Historical opportunity. The company's dcu-product performance was in the first echelon, and new products were constantly changing.
Sealight Information (688041): 2023 Annual Report Review: New products are constantly changing, and the fully beneficiary country, Toshio Securities Co. Ltd., has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.