The performance has grown steadily, with a significant increase in the yield ratio of the GDP carrier, the 25q2 performance ring, and continued validation of the high-yielding atmosphere. The company has maintained a growing trend in the second quarter, 1.) single-quarter revenue, net profit: the company achieved a revenue of 3,064 million yuan in the second quarter of 25 years, the ring.
Wu Jing has increased faster and the share of R & D investment has decreased; 5) cash flows have improved significantly: cash flows from operating activities — net cash flows from operating activities during the reporting period — 2,177 million won (US$ 113 million for the same period last year).
The company as a whole maintained a steady growth in revenue, a 25q2 performance ring, a significant increase in the company's contractual liabilities in the first half of the year, a high level of stock maintenance, which, on the one hand, indicates that the country's productivity is low, and, on the other hand, a step forward in verifying that the company has sufficient hand orders, high product recognition, strong market competitiveness and branding effects.
In the second half of the year, there will be greater certainty about the country’s productive power. The two-wheel drive of creativity and intelligence, and product innovation and innovation, will drive performance growth.
The main products include cpu and dcu. The core advantage of the sea light cpu is the ecological advantage of the x86 architecture; the company ' s dc product is based on the gpgpu architecture, with a wide application of multi-practice data centres and large data processing, artificial intelligence, and commercial computing.
Continuing high-intensity R & D around the new generation of GECD chips, R & D has accelerated on such cost-effective projects as PVD critical technologies. We believe that companies continue to maintain high R & D inputs to enhance product performance, along with the process of nationalization of the IT innovation, and that companies have an ecological advantage in cpu.
In view of the continued penetration of financial, operator, medical, etc., and the certainty of cpu incremental market space, and the continued release of domestic production capacity demand, dcu is expected to open up a second growth curve for the company. The stock exchange will absorb the centralization of the merger and build a national productive capacity.
The unit absorbs a merger of central science dawn, intends to integrate the industrial chain vertically, building a closed-ring ecology of the system from chip design to whole. We believe that this merger will optimize from chip to software, whole machine, system production, industry layout, building "chips plus servers plus cloud computing" of the entire industry chain, and will help to fill up the power of national computing in the industrial chain.
The relative depth of 300 shows a leadership role for leading firms to achieve strong chains, patches, stretches. Moreover, combining the two is strategically responsive to the trend of national ownership and industrial chains in the context of competition in science and technology.
The same natural demand is conducive to the creation of a home-grown numeracy carrier and a home-grown numeracy development into the golden age. Investment proposal: a company led by a home-grown high-end processor, is in the lead domestically in the cpu and dcu chip technologies, and the accelerated nationalization of the numeracy, coupled with the demand for the replacement of the stock of innovation, drives the company’s performance to increase.
Long, it is intended to take the lead in the consolidation of a national production-based, industry-wide chain, which is expected to reshape industry patterns and capture expected risks; downstream business needs are not as high as expected; industry competition increases risks; and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
He has been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. He is the executive director of the research department of a large, well-known pe institution. He has a second-tier market experience and has a long-term focus on research in technology companies.
In 2022, he joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies. The areas covered are arithmetic, large models, and a downstream application end.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.