A supplementary agreement for the transfer of rights to operate the tax-free shop project was issued by Shanghai Airport.
The new supplementary agreement relates to the adjustment of the tax-exempt rental rates and the manner in which they are collected at Shanghai Pundong Airport, Shanghai Rainbow Bridge Airport.
In our view, the airport tax-free shop renter and the tax-free operator's lessee have an impossible triangle in operating the airport duty-free business, i.e. they cannot simultaneously satisfy the tax-free price advantage, the tax-free operator's lease earns reasonable profits, and the airport duty-free shop renter collects high deductions.
Point. Business cooperation is difficult to sustain in the face of long-term losses on one side, especially since the Shanghai airport acquired part of the daily tax-exempt interest, the interests of both sides have been highly tied, so the optimised cut-off point is imperative, and the adjustment is also the anticipated landing of the previous market.
With a 31.8 per cent gross profit margin, we believe that, according to the distribution of past benefits, the new agreement combines 80 per cent of international and regional passenger flows, i.e. 1.47 million, and the anticipated 22-27 per cent.
The future of maintaining the airport’s tax exemption lies in the judgement of the sales rather than the deduction rate. The theoretical ultimate price advantage of the tax exemption has not changed, although there are multiple channels facing it.
Rent gains from duty-free operations, but the competitive advantage of the tax-free sales price of the Shanghai airport is expected to increase, and sales from the airport line for the pre-purchase of goods from the airport point of delivery will be withdrawn in the same manner as sales under the line, and it would be helpful to buy the airport under the inner market line or also apply to this model.
In the future, there will be a steady recovery of international routes and a further increase in the flow of passengers at airports.
At a slightly lower rate than the market had anticipated, as at 26 December 2023, the seven-day rolling average number of flights by international air routes was 1680, returning to 63.0 per cent of the same period in 2019.
In July 2023, at a meeting of the Political Bureau, an increase in international flights was proposed, followed by a number of national policies that continued to stimulate the demand for emigration and foreign arrivals, as well as the dissipation of aviation divisions or more active international re-entry routes.
As a result, we expect further convergence of airport traffic towards 2019 in 2024, which will facilitate the increase in airport duty-free sales. The recovery of the international line is less than expected, tax-free sales are less than expected, large capital expenditures are safe.
1 Shanghai Airport discloses the supplementary agreement to the contract for the transfer of rights to operate the tax-free shop project. Shanghai Airport issues a public notice of the supplementary agreement for the conclusion of the contract for the transfer of rights to operate the tax-free shop project. The new supplementary agreement relates to adjustments in the scope and manner of collection of rent for tax-free operations at Shanghai Pudong Airport and Shanghai Rainbow Bridge Airport.
Shanghai Airport listed companies in conjunction with Shanghai Shanghai to upgrade the Pudong tax-free business complex, Rainbow Bridge Airport tax-free business complex, attract brand names, develop a business of excellence, consolidate fragrance advantages, make big tobacco and wine food, Shanghai Shanghai to book the airport duty-free line, provide sufficient shopping time for passengers, improve shopping experience, and combine it with city-wide exemption
(a) The pattern of operations below taxes and other lines, complemented by the functions of airport duty-free stores, the realization of duty-free bookings, the shopping model for airport lifts, further scaling up of sales and the exploration of more active marketing methods.
If the month’s bottom sales are raised to the month’s actual sales, the monthly collection = month’s base sales are raised, the calculation pattern for the month’s bottom sales is as follows: 1. If the month’s actual passenger traffic is 80% of the average monthly passenger traffic in the third quarter of 2023, the month’s bottom sales will become Pudong Airport.
52,455,000 yuan and $6,473,000 at Rainbow Bridge Airport; if the actual monthly passenger traffic is 80 per cent of the average monthly passenger traffic in the third quarter of 2023, the monthly guaranteed sales raise = an area unit price per day Shanghai actual operating area x 80 per cent of the average monthly passenger traffic in the third quarter of 2023) x the reconciliation factor (modification)
The monthly actual sales are calculated as follows:
(b) The monthly sales scale is based on 18 to 36 per cent of the cases.
When new items are introduced, the company listed at Shanghai Airport agrees with the approval of the company to calculate the sales as a percentage of the gross amount of the single item.
The parties agreed to create an incentive mechanism that would allow for a more flexible regulation of sales in excess of the monthly revenue line for sales after the completion of the monthly target in Shanghai on that day.
We believe that it is impossible for the airport's tax-free premises to operate the airport's tax-free business with renters and tax-free operators, the triangulation, i.e. it is not possible to satisfy the tax-free price advantage at the same time, the tax-free operator's renter's reasonable profits, the airport's tax-free premises, and the renter's collection of high deductions. Commercial cooperation is difficult to sustain in the face of long-term losses on the part of one side, especially when the Shanghai airport acquired Japan.
After the tax-exempt portion of the equity, the interests of both parties have been highly tied, so the optimised cut-off formula is imperative, and the adjustment is also the expected landing of the previous market. Under this logic, it is difficult for the airport side to exceed the overall gross profit level of the avoided, otherwise it will be lost.
This new supplementary agreement, which refers to the distribution of benefits based on the respective range of exemptions, is also in line with the above-mentioned calculation of a combined rate of contribution based on monthly bottom sales at Pudong Airport of $5,245,000 and 80 per cent of the average international and regional passenger flow by international and regional routes in the third quarter of 2023, or 1.47 million, and the anticipated 22-27 per cent, with an approximate billing price to cover the bottom sales.
132.2 yuan-162.2 dollars, while the 2019 duty-free passenger unit price at Pudong Airport was approximately 350 yuan, well above the current level of protection, so that the actual aggregate deduction rate may be slightly less than 25 per cent, taking into account possible incentive provisions.
The theoretical ultimate price advantage of the tax exemption has not changed, despite the multiplicity of channels facing which the future of the airport’s tax exemption will be judged. This rate of deductions has fallen, and the competitive price advantage of Shanghai’s tax-exempt industry is expected to rise as compared with the rent gains of the stock tax-free business until 2019.
As the number of passengers on two international and regional flights in Shanghai approaches further to the same level in 2019, it is expected to boost the company’s next two years.
In June 2018, the State introduced the Supplement to the Interim Measures for the Management of Tax-exited Shops at Seaports, which provides that the unit price for rent in duty-free entry stores may not, in principle, be 1.5 times higher than the average unit price for tax-free retail sales at the same port or at the domestic office; sales may not be higher than 1.2 times the average percentage of tax-free retail sales at the same port or at the domestic office.
The State has introduced the Temporary Scheme for the Management of Expatriation Tax Free Shops, which in principle may not raise the unit price for bidding for exit duty-free shops more than 1.5 times the average unit price for tax-containing retail businesses in the country; the sale may not exceed 1.2 times the average rate for tax-containing retail businesses in the country. Thus, in the long run, such as the future launch of a tax-free shop tender at Shanghai Airport, it will operate a duty-free shop in accordance with the regulations of the port duty-free stores.
According to the law, the bidding agreement for its entry-and-exit duty-free shop should be similar to that for some of the previous city airports, the combined rate of deductions should be a smooth recovery of international routes, the flow of airport passengers is expected to rise further in 2023, the civil aviation market will recover steadily and the domestic market will warm faster, but the rate of recovery of international routes is slightly lower than expected.
As at 26 December 2023, the seven-day rolling average number of passenger flights by international air routes was 1,680, returning to 10,000 (Puradong) and 740,000 (Raon Bridge), of which three-quarter passenger arrivals by international and regional routes at Pudong Airport returned to 51.9 per cent and 75.1 per cent, respectively, in the same period in 2019.
Regionally speaking, regional hotspot markets in Asia and the Pacific and China recovered 69.1 per cent, 42.5 per cent, 41.9 per cent, 85.5 per cent, 50.9 per cent, 71.9 per cent, respectively, in November 2023 in South Korea, Japan, Thailand, Hong Kong, China, Taiwan, and Macao, China, and 65.4 per cent, 98.2 per cent, 74.7 per cent, respectively, in the intercontinental markets, Europe, the Middle East, Australia and the United States.
At the July 2023 meeting of the Political Bureau, an increase in international flights was proposed; at the end of November 2023, the Director of Civil Aviation met with the United States Ambassador to China to exchange views on the promotion of a further substantial increase in the number of flights in China and the United States; on 24 November 2023, my country announced an announcement to France, Germany, and on 7 November, the Singapore Prime Minister ' s Office that Singapore had plans to implement a 30-day visa-free agreement with China: 2023.12
On 8th, our embassies and consulates abroad lowered their visa fees. Intensive policies continue to stimulate the demand of foreign nationals to leave China and foreigners to China, and it is expected that in 2024 the fleets or more active international re-entry routes will stimulate demand and reduce the capacity of the broad body, and we expect that in 2024 the number of passengers at the airport will further converge to the same level in 2019, thereby facilitating the increase in duty-free sales at the airport.
The point in maintaining the airport’s tax-exempt future is the judgement of sales value rather than the deduction rate. The theoretical ultimate price advantage of tax-exempt products has not changed, despite the multiplicity of channels.
As the number of passengers on two international and regional flights in Shanghai approaches further to the same level in 2019, it is expected to boost the company’s next two years.
Over the long term, the specific amounts currently being borne by listed companies for the four-phased expansion of Shanghai Podong Airport are uncertain, the impact of capital landings on long-term performance remains uncertain, and it is recommended that the four-phase expansion of Pudong Airport be closely followed. The recovery of the international line is less than expected, tax-free sales are less than expected, large capital expenditures, and security incidents.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.