Incidents: The company published its three-quarterly report in 2024, and the company q3 collected 2011.20 billion yuan, compared with the month of October when Biadi achieved 503,000 sales. -17.8 per cent, the ring + 7.3 per cent, the company ' s single-quarter single-season bicycle ring collection ratio increased and its quarterly sales collapsed.
The million-led scale effect has increased further, and the single-car net reel ratio has continued to rise.
Wang Dynasty dm 5.0 new vehicles plus high-end full power, with the company selling more than 500,000 vehicles in October. 503,000 vehicles were sold in October, creating a monthly record of Chinese vehicle sales, of which 50.0 million were sold in vehicles, compared to 66.2 per cent in January-October and 3.237,000 in January-October.
+36.5%. dm5.0 leads to a steady growth of the dynasty ocean, and in October, the dynasty network and the ocean network, respectively, have been intelligent and continuous, accelerating by the global layout of their operations. The first half of the year, Biadi's whole-car smart strategy was released, "Eye of the God" advanced intelligent driving support system was delivered in volume. Biadi equation
The Leopard and Wah have signed an intelligent driving cooperation agreement, and the equation Leopard 8 will be mounted on a high-grade, high-level, high-end, high-security, end-to-end network structure with an end-to-end, forward + + back-to-back capability. On the seaside, in October, Biadey's overseas sales.
Biyadi: New hybrid technologies are promising, and cars have entered 77 countries and territories: company localization processes have started in Uzbekistan, high-end and intelligent.
Thailand, Brazil, and Hungary are making steady progress. Biadi: the scale effect is contributing to a net return on profit. Profit predictions and investment ratings: dm5.0 new cars from the Dynasty Ocean are pulling up the base plate.
We're going high and smart, and we're going high and fast, and we're going up and down, and we're going to go up and down, and we're going to go to the center of performance and valuation.
Risk factors: sales of high-end brand models are less than expected: sales of new models are less than expected: \triangleright cindasecuritiesco.,ltd
Figure 1: Company revenue (billions of dollars) for the years
Figure 2: Quarterly corporate revenue (millions of yuan) Figure 3: Quarterly net corporate profit (millions of yuan)
Figure 5: Quarterly Māori Rates & Net Interest Rates for Companies (%) Figure 6: Quarterly Cost Rates for Companies (%) Figure 7: Biadi Quarterly Sales (Cars)
Figure 8 Quarterly sales of new Biadi energy exports by vehicle (vehicle)  Biadi: sales: total: current monthly: total: total: figure 9: Biadi Quarterly Quarterly Quarter Quarter Quarter Quantities (millions) and Quarter Quarter Quantities & Quantities Quantities Quantities & Quantities (millions)
Yao Yunfeng, a Master of Arts at the University of Gangan, formerly in China and Thailand, and in gold securities, is now mainly engaged in research on the new energy lithium battery track.
Xu Guofang, Master of Applied Economics, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, covering areas such as intelligence, new power, and the whole of the vehicle.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.