A significant improvement in the net profit margin ratio of bicycles is the high-end of the globalization process and the Biadi (002594.sz) tri-quarter review report 2024. Biadi published the tri-quarter report 2024: the company achieved revenue in the first three quarters of 2024.
Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) Discontinuation of Biadi electronic effects, $139.50 million per bicycle earned, compared to the roll-out of the Glory Model, with the average price of a bicycle lower than during the same period last year.
The Dynasty and Ocean network will gradually introduce a higher-priced dm-i 5.0 replacement vehicle, which will lead to a higher overall level of single-car revenue. q4, the company ' s main sales technology platform will be phased in, and sales of new high-end branded vehicles, such as titanium and equation leopards, are expected to be released.
+0.33 pct, where sales rates increase significantly with the same ring, or where new vehicles are marketed heavily, and the associated marketing expands, with associated marketing costs increasing.
The brand-up & localization of the manufacturing capacity and the globalization process. On the high end, the company’s heavy-pound vehicle-type tz9 is expected to be officially marketed in q4 at the Guangzhou Car Fair.
In addition, N9, Equation Leopard 8 and Upsight u7 are expected to be released by the end of 2024, with high-end vehicles on the market. With regard to globalization, the market layout goes hand in hand with the localization of production capacity, and after October companies have new cars in regional markets in Europe, Central Asia, Africa and South America.
The net interest rate ratio of 2024q2 +1.48 pct, which goes out to the sea and is on the market, factories such as Brazil, Turkey and Hungary are expected to land gradually. The company has a large space for rapid growth -- Biadi (002594.sz).
Globalization continues, promising to lead to both profitability and sales. Profit forecasting and investment rating: company’s new energy automobiles have a strong edge, and look forward to follow-up.
We expect the company to return to its net profits in 2024-2026, when we consider the company to be the global leader of the new energy vehicle, with a clear advantage of scale.
The scope for globalization is wide and the current valuation level is reasonable, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Overseas production bases are not built as expected; upstream raw materials are priced; and there are errors in measurement, \triangleright
This report is prepared without the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. In projecting the evolution of the securities variety or making recommendations on the feasibility of investment securities, I have made the required disclosure and, to the extent I know it, the company, and the stakeholders in the property have no interest in the securities that have been evaluated or recommended.