On November 01, 2024, the world's tram went further than ever before.
During the first three quarters of 2024, the company collected $50,225 billion, a year-on-year +18.9%, and a net profit of $25,240 million from the mother. In the context of the industry price war, the profitability remained stable, mainly owing to higher sales, sustained large-scale effects, and increased profits from high-profit markets abroad.
The Division's stock turnover of 71.9 days and the accounts receivable turnover of 38.0 days, which is clear from the previous quarter's comparison, is on the upward trend of the global auto electric disturbance, driving China's market growth with a price-for-money & policy. According to Marklines, global tram sales were positive in the first three quarters of 2024.
By 11,699,000 vehicles, the same year + 25.5%, and a penetration rate of 18.1%, the Chinese market has been growing at a relatively high rate since this year, driven by such positive factors as price-for-price discounts by head-car companies, and the country’s old policy-for-new policy. According to the Chinese Air Association, in the first three quarters of 2024, China’s electric cars were sold at 8.32 million.
We're optimistic that China's tram is growing at a rate of 38.6 per cent, compared to 32.5 per cent in the same year, and that China is expected to achieve a global leader in a sustained build-up of overseas markets, with high-end power increasing profits, and companies continuing to consolidate their global first position. According to the cleantechnica caliber, 2024m1-8 companies worldwide.
The company’s profitability remains strong under the “power-lower-oil” competitive strategy. We believe that this is mainly due to the continuing breakthroughs in the public sector’s overseas markets and the rise in the proportion of high-end vehicles.
Quarterly vehicle exports amounted to 298,000 vehicles, the same year +104.7%, of which the share of overseas municipalities in the previous August was 6.6% and the same year +3.4 pcts. The total sales of high-end vehicles in the previous three quarters amounted to 127,000 vehicles and total sales amounted to 4.6%.
Car companies “power is lower than oil” and replace new policies with new ones to drive back the domestic market, and there is still a upward trend in the electricization of the overseas car market as foreign policy and trade barriers perturbate. Companies are the world's leading electric motors, leading the world in the first three quarters of 2024; high-end technologies continue to lead, and smart layouts go first.
In summary, we believe that companies have high barriers and are superior to industry.
In excess of expectations, shipping + affordable vehicle service delivery of 49.94 million yuan and 60.960 billion yuan equivalent to 22, 17 and 14 times the pe value, respectively.
High performance in 2023 compared to the year 2023, macroeconomic downturn, less than expected sales of trams; shift in domestic and foreign policies for new energy vehicles; growth in corporate output is on the rise; overseas markets + high-end products open up to smallpox growth.
Unsatisfied; trade barriers in overseas markets; high volatility in raw material prices. Biadi 2023q3 rating: Quantified + medium-end market openings continued.
Figure 1 corporate growth in the first three quarters of 2024 maintained robust growth (billions) Figure 2 corporate net profit growth remained stable in the first three quarters of 2024 (billions) Figure 320244q3 corporate income growth remained stable (billions)
Figure 420244q3 Net profit growth at a flat rate (million yuan)
The industry of arms, steel, etc., has conducted in-depth research on technology and periodicity, continuing in-depth research in the fields of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics, and automation, creating a framework for research on “China’s manufacturing investment cycle.” Focusing on the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium, and storage energy, the team has devoted limited energy to serving the second- and second-tier markets where the country’s needs are met, the industry is flourishing, and the people have faiths, and if not, the second-tier markets will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided to you only for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to others.