High sales innovation/growth of profit margin ring, accelerated release of dm5.0 dividend, higher recovery/net return profit innovation of q4 wang dm 5.0 technology dividend than Yadi (002594.sz)  q3  net profit innovation, expected to accelerate release
Related. Given that the company ' s dm5.0 technology is expected to benefit from longer-term dividends, the continued deployment of overseas markets, the apparent scale effects of high-quality dm5.0 technology and the technological premium, q2 company ' s volume q3 sales are up to 1,135,000 vehicles, with the same ring ratio +37.7%/15.0%.
Sales declined by 2.4 pct compared to high-end brand sales by 14.5 per cent. Nevertheless, the elimination of thousands of vehicles resulted in a significant scale dividend, and the new model achieved a certain increase in profit capacity based on guaranteed sales; (2) the high-end car equation was reduced by 5 and the q3 sales increased by 0.49 million.
• “dm5.0 technology dividend + high-end brands are expected to break through + continuous deployment overseas, with new energy poles firmly in place, and corporate sales are expected to continue to grow rapidly after productivity climbs, thus contributing to the continued high profitability of major brands. At the same time, companies will accelerate the development of high-end brands to lead up brands, especially in the area of smartness.
"dm5.0 dividend accelerated release, offshore operations/high end brand futures - corporate update "self-research plus collaboration" fast-tracked approach, with an equation leopard working with ands 3.0 and self-researcher
2024.8.29 Depending on the size of the team and the strength of the fleet, a rapid breakthrough is expected, with the current number of sections 2025 carrying dipilot 300.
He/shel is on the market, and the top of the ninegt is the Bas 3.0+. Biadi also plans to introduce the wise driver into the colour-corporate information update report 2024.4.30 million class models in the next 2-3 years, fully integrated with strong cost advantages. In addition, the company will accelerate its entry into the world.
"O4 Camp Renovate, Smart, High-end, Market, Introduction of Rich Product Matrixs such as Modified Motors, and Over a Million Overseas Production Plan, with wide room for growth. Three Wings out of the sea - Corporate Information Update Report. "