In September 2024, Biadei published a short notice of the sale of 419426 vehicles, a 45.9 per cent increase in September, a 12.4 per cent increase in the ring, and a 19.8gwh increase in the volume of power and storage batteries in September.
Pure electric hybrid double-drive, with a higher-end vehicle size. In September, 164956 vehicles were sold in pure power by car, an increase of 9.1 per cent compared to the previous year, with an increase of 11.1 per cent compared to the ring; 25,2647 vehicles were sold in mixed passenger vehicles, an increase of 86.2 per cent compared to the previous year, and the circulation was expected to exceed 3.95 million. The matrix of high-end products made up of voltage, equation leopards and upsights is down.
The high-end transformation of the company continues to lead, with the prospect of significant increases and profits. In September, 10,299 were sold, 310 were sold up to date and 5422 were sold out of the equation. Overseas sales continued to increase. In September, the company sold 33012 new energy vehicles abroad, an increase of 17.7 per cent.
In January-September this year, the company sold 297881 new energy vehicles abroad, an increase of 69% compared to the same year. The company speeded up the global layout of its vehicle operations, with new energy vehicles entering 77 countries and territories, including Brazil, Germany, Japan, Thailand (as of June of this year).
The Tan factory started production, the Thai factory was officially completed in July, and the company’s industrial and technological luxury rose in Brazil and Hungary. On September 20, the “d-class smart pilot gt” was officially listed and launched seven versions of the three-way mix and three-way pure electricity, including two first-release cars.
. The official guidance costs US$334.8 million to US$4148 million. As a model of a technology platform for three-way, three-way, smart control, high-tech remodelling of luxury gt, balancing extreme performance with luxury, is expected to open a new chapter on luxury cars.
Technical strength, excellent vertical integration, rich product matrices, significant advantages of scale, awarded to public 2, Biadi Biady's semi-annual assessment: headlines are stable, new energy vehicles are sold less than expected, output is released less than expected, overseas operations are less than expected, and key raw materials are large.
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. Any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is invalid.
Investors should not simply rely on this report to replace their own independent judgement, and should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors on that basis