In November 2024, Biadei published a fast-track sale of 507,000 vehicles, a 67.9 per cent increase in November, and a 0.8 per cent increase in the ring; the cumulative vehicle sales for the year were 3,757,000, a year-on-year increase.
Double-drive, mixed-up performance. In November, pure electricity was sold at 198,000 vehicles, an increase of 16.4 per cent in the same year, and the ring at 4.5 per cent in the same year, and 306,000 vehicles, an increase of 133.1 per cent in the same year, a decrease of 1.6 per cent in the ring at 1.6 per cent, as new models are gradually marketed and the company ' s productive capacity is released rapidly, we expect to outperform the company ' s sales in 2024.
Four million vehicles. The high-end matrix of high-end products of uplifting, equation leopards and looking up is on the ground and continues to lead the firm’s high-end transformation, with the promise of significant increases and profits. Overseas markets continue to expand. In November, the company sold 31,000 new energy vehicles abroad, an increase of 1.1 per cent.
In January-November this year, the company sold 360,000 new energy vehicles abroad, an increase of 74%, and we expect 390,000 new energy vehicles to be sold abroad in 2024, an increase of 61% from the same year. The company speeded up the globalization of its operations, and the new energy vehicles entered Brazil, Germany, Japan, Japan, and Brazil.
Seventy-seven countries and regions, including Thailand (as of June of this year). In January of this year, the industry started production in Biade Uzbekistan, and in July the factory was officially completed in Thailand. In addition, the company built technology-enabling brand competitiveness in factories in Brazil and Hungary.
Technology release drives the plug-in re-enhancement to the launch of the world's first one-stop smart control technology platform, the Port Shin Stock Exchange, Biadi, has been working to expand the technology boundary to create new technologies to empower its products.
Mainstream public markets are expected to continue to be competitive, and to be on top of high-end luxury markets. Technological strength, excellent vertical integration, rich product matrices, significant advantages of scale, awarded to G1, Biadey’s rating: one-month sales are new.
Technology Enabling Brand Competitiveness 2024-11-06 2, Biadi dictum: Māori Ring rises, new energy vehicle sales fall short of expectations, output releases fall short of expectations, overseas operations fall short of expectations, and key raw materials are large
3. Biadei’s Appear: The Ring is a high-tech researcher. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Investors should not rely solely on this report as a substitute for their own independent judgement, should make their own investment decisions and bear their own investment risks, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are irrelevant to their own companies and authors.