One-month sales of new high-tech brand competitiveness - Biadi (002594.sz) has recently released the October 2024 Express, and the company sold 503,000 cars in October.
A 66.5 per cent increase in the same year, with a 19.8 per cent increase in the ring; and a two-percent increase in the total number of power cells and storage batteries in October, with a mixed performance. A total of 190,000 vehicles were sold in October, an increase of 14.6 per cent and 14.9 per cent in the ring; 311,000 vehicles were sold in the mix, an increase of 129.3 per cent and 23.1 per cent in the ring.
As the new model moves to the market and the company’s productive capacity is rapidly released, we expect more than 4 million vehicles to be sold in 2024. A high-end product matrix of uplifting, equation leopards, and upsight is on the ground, leading the company to a sustained high-end transformation, with considerable growth and profit.
In October, the company sold more than 31,000 new energy vehicles abroad, an increase of 2.2 per cent in the same year, a decline of 5.5 per cent in the ring. In January-October this year, the company sold more than 329,000 new energy vehicles abroad, an increase of 87 per cent in the same year.
69%. The company speeded up the global layout of its vehicle operations, with new energy entering 77 countries and territories (as of June of this year), including Brazil, Germany, Japan, Thailand. In January of this year, production started at the Biade Uzbekistan factory, and in July, the Thai factory was officially completed. In addition, the company built factories in Brazil and Hungary.
Technology is competitive. From platform 3.0-evo, to generation 5, dm technology release, to power-infusion re-upgrading, to the creation of the world's first technology platform, which is easy to triangulate. Biadi has been working to expand the technology boundary, to create new technologies to empower its products.
The mainstream public market is expected to continue to be competitive, and to be on top of the high-end luxury market. Technological strength, excellent vertical integration, rich product matrices, significant advantages of scale, to G1, Biadij Report: Māori Ring Increases
New energy vehicles are sold less than expected, less than expected, overseas operations less than expected, and key raw materials are large.
Intelligent Accelerator 2024-09-10. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
The owner should not rely solely on this report as a substitute for his own independent judgement; he should make his own investment decisions and take his own investment risks; any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors should be based on this report.