Quantified product structure, increased profitability of q3 Investment rating: increased profitability as a result of increased buy-in (maintenance) Quantities
According to the Biadi tri-quarter report, business income in the first three quarters of 2024 was 50,225 million yuan, compared to 201130 million yuan, compared to 24,0 per cent, ring to 14.2 per cent; net profit returns were expanded and companies increased significantly in three quarters.
• Higher end product structural improvement and size downgrading effect, leading to an increase in the Māori ring ratio, benefiting from an improvement in high end product structure and scale downgrading effect, a gross rate achieved in the first three quarters of 2024, benefiting from dmi 5.0 vehicle stock, and a single vehicle net gain of about $ 0.93 million per station.
• Benefiting from the expansion of basic sales, the city share continued to rise in the last three quarters 17.6 per cent and the ring ratio 2 pp; wholesale and terminal markets reached 35.3 per cent in the new energy market, with 87 per cent of basic sales and 4 per cent of high-end brand sales.
Benefiting from the improved structure and size of high-end products of the company, generating the company's profit margin, taking into account the expansion of the company's market share, as well as the continuous listing of high-end luxury vehicles, and export volumes, will be a powerful factor in stabilizing corporate profitability and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
1. Performance of 1.q2 meets expectations and increases in operational efficiency 1. Foreign exports are less than expected.
Road construction and accompanying recharge facilities, consumer recognition of electric cars can affect the company's seaboard process, leading to less than expected exports.
The high-end process is less than expected. The high-end product is influenced by soft power such as cultural deposits, brand values, and domestic manufacturers, joint ventures and imported vehicles are active and the market is more competitive, which may affect the high-end development of companies.
Ma, Swe, who holds positions in the strategic, market, product and research core sectors, has many years of experience in primary and secondary markets, has a multilatitude research perspective and deep insight into electronic + automobile/industry + finance, and has full coverage in the automobile industry, using information on legal compliance, and has produced the present report independently and objectively, using data and information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.