q3 q3 limousine, smart product will be released fast on November 4th, 2024, Biadi (stock code: 002594.sz)
Q3 sales of the dm5 new model q3 show good performance, pushing the average price of the company's bicycles to rise in proportion to the Māori ratio: q3 single-car prices in the first three quarters of 2024 amounted to $138.3 million, compared to 12.86 per cent, mainly as a result of the company's continued introduction of lower-priced vehicle conversions since the beginning of the year, q3 single-quarters.
Q3 Qinl, SEAL 06, Songl, SEAL 07, respectively, have sold 11.6 million stones, 10,000 cars/0/0, with a significant increase in the ring comparison. dm5 is increasing product performance as the company's latest generation of blending technology.
It also contributed to the company's greater profitability, with a significant increase in the Dm5 heat-market-led Māori ring ratio of 21.89 per cent for the q3 quarter, a comparison of -0.23 pt, a ring ratio of +3.20 pt, and a slight decrease in the overall average price of the product.
With the ability to advance the market share through electrodynamic capacity, it is expected that the subsequent roll-out of new products from the dm5 and e4.0 platforms will continue to consolidate the company’s market niche and contribute to the company’s continued increase in profitability.
Q3 continues to increase its investment at the R & D and marketing ends to improve intelligence and consumer skills.
Surrounded, the impact of a partial increase in the Māori rate on profitability, assuming a balance of profit/loss on photovoltaic and storage operations, q3 net profit on bicycles of 0.87 million yuan, ring ratio of +19.91 per cent, an increase of $0.15 million, lower than the average increase in single car prices (0.3 million dollars), and the subsequent net listing of new platform vehicles is expected to continue to drive the company ' s net share of bicycles.
The corporate brand image continues to rise as a result of increased overseas sales and high-end brands (uplifting, equation leopards, looking up): According to data from the Gerald Road Consulting Company, the market share of Biadi was close to 50 per cent of the inter-brand brand and share of the price of the new energy passenger vehicles in January-September 2024.
Of these, up to $100,000 and up to 44.8 per cent of Biadi ' s market share; $100,000 to $200,000 and 49.6 per cent of up to Yadi ' s market share; and $300,000 to $500,000 and uplifting market share of 9.8 per cent and $1 million in continuous evolution of whole-car intelligence will help companies expand their share of more than $200,000 and give up their branding.
In November, the company’s headline and China’s cooperative model, the Leopard 8 have officially entered the market. In addition, the company has increased its overseas market sales over the past two years, based on an overseas-car-type import strategy, with an overall price higher than that of the home country, raising its brand image.
New domestic and external production capacities are symmetrically advanced, and market competitive advantages are firmly established: 1) In terms of capacity, the country’s permanent state’s 2nd phase of 300,000 productive units is expected to start production by the end of this year or early next year, will significantly upgrade the global vehicle-type seals and thousands of seals, and the state’s 2nd phase of 400,000 are expected to continue production by the end of this year or the first half of next year.
Local, Hungarian, Indonesian bases, etc. are all under construction and will continue to be operational in 2025-2026. 2) In product planning, companies are expected to secure their advantage in a highly competitive market through the continued deployment of domestic and foreign markets.
Qi, the company's 2025 Han was listed in September, with a laser radar version for the first time, supporting city leadership, high speed piloting and passenger parking (part of function needs to be upgraded through ota), and new cars such as Tz9, Equation Leopard 8 (with an ads 3.0) and New brand Summer are expected to be on the market in November, and it's expected that N9 will be ready in the course of the year.
On the market, companies continue to promote high-end market layout and brand image; on the overseas market, q3 public sector exports of 910,000 vehicles, i.e. 27.72 per cent compared to 27.77 per cent, ring comparison - 13.77 per cent, are mainly affected by the low level of automobile markets in the South-East Asian region, and the company’s Thai factory has now been completed, with Brazilian, Hungarian and Turkish workers working in Brazil.
In September, management increased corporate equity to show confidence in future developments. According to company announcements, 2 September, the number of cities in overseas markets rose considerably, with the potential for long-term growth.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.