High sales led to growth in performance, and the intelligent process continued to advance the Biadi (002594) tri-quarter review of 2024: on 30 October, Biadi issued its third-quarter report for 2024.
Growth, but at a slower rate than the previous year, was largely driven by higher growth last year, price wars and economies of scale, which boosted corporate profitability. The combined volume of corporate car sales increased in the first three quarters of 2024, with economies of scale reducing cost amortization and increasing corporate profitability.
Key data, October 30, 2024, continues to drive the intelligentness process. In May, the company updated the fifth generation dm technology and the new generation e platform 3.0evo to further enhance product competitiveness.
I, SEAL 06gt, Tungz9gt, etc., further broadens the corporate product matrix. The company’s own high-level mind-drive system, the Eye of the Gods, has started to produce production.
It is hoped that high-level intellectual driving will be decentralized to 100,000-grade vehicles in the future. In addition, the equation Leopard-Paul 8 will be a dry-dry, ads 3.0-driving system that will further enhance the intelligence of the company’s high-end brands.
Overseas production capacity has gradually landed and continues to open up global markets. By September 2024, the Department’s new energy vehicle products had entered 88 countries and regions, including Brazil, Germany, Japan, Thailand, and launched a multifunctional mpv model in Bangkok, Thailand.
The company plans to invest in production capacity in Indonesia, Turkey, etc.
The formation of fleets to further strengthen overseas supply capacity and sustain global markets. Investment advice: companies are the vanguards of new energy vehicles, and continue to exploit global markets on the basis of sound domestic fundamentals.
Maintenance of an “empowerment” rating of companies. Industry competition exacerbates risks; overseas capacity-building falls short of expectations; technological upgrading replaces risks; the risk of a decline in the Māori rate; the risk of exchange rate fluctuations; and the risk of geopolitical events.
“Positive” investors are only suited to the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.