At the time of the wind-breeding cycle, the taps were set up -- deep research into the stockholdings (002714.sz) and the pig cycle was passing into the dark, with the energy degenerative passage opening, and the prices of pigs were expected to rise during the year.
On 13th of April 2022, Cao Xut fell to 42,688, with a capacity decolonisation of about 6.5 per cent, still above the normal level of 41 million.
According to the industry’s cash flow, pigs’ grains continue to fall, losses increase, and farm-based businesses run tight cash flows. While profits accumulated over the cycle of hog prices, most farm-based businesses expand rapidly when cash flows are abundant, consuming large amounts of money, cash flows are not sufficient to sustain long-term losses, and the degeneration of capacity will accelerate.
Historically, at the bottom of the cycle or the end of the cycle, it is the best time to fit the farm plate. During the recent rounds of pigs, the share price of the farm plate tends to rise and fall more than six months ahead of the price of the pig.
All along, there has been a sustained expansion in recent years, with downstream pig slaughtering operations, the recent establishment of a veterinary drug production base in cooperation with the Chinese stock, the deployment of a protective link, and the continuous reinforcement of its own mounds. With regard to feed production, companies have developed different feed formulations for live pigs at different times of growth and have achieved precision camping.
(a) Maintenance, intelligent feeding, and many cost savings;
Self-researching feed improves feed digestion and reduces feed meat ratios, thereby reducing feed feeding costs; Adjusting feed formulations in a timely manner according to the price of raw materials, effectively reducing feed costs.
In 2021, the number of nests for herds rose steadily, with an average of 1.2 per year, four times higher than in Denmark. The company’s front line was about 24 per cent and 20 per cent, well above the national average.
In terms of fertility, the herds have succeeded in improving their productivity. The company has built “triple-proof” pigs for disease prevention, stench control, non-pest control, and has tried “buildings for pigs” to build highly intelligent integrated pighouses. The herds have grown up to 1098 q, the meat ratio is as low as 2.32, and the fertility rate is as high as 98.9%.
In addition to the first 25% in Denmark, the total cost of farming is as low as $10.2/kg. Good results are expected to be replicated.
(b) There will be better company autonomy and, under extreme price fluctuations, can be adjusted by slaughter speeds to reduce pressure bars.
The cost and policy factors that contribute to the expansion, intensification and increase of the stock market are only 13%. By the end of 2021, herds had a capacity of 70 million live pigs, and the numbers are expected to increase significantly.
The company is based in Namyang, Henan Province, and was founded in 1992, after 30 years, and has now grown to concentrate on pig-breeding, feed-processing and pig-breeding.
In 2012-2021, the number of pigs produced by companies rose from 91.76 million to 40,263,000.
In the first instance, the number of pigs in the company grew 43 times, or about 52% in the last 10 years. The market for pig-breeding has been rising, accounting for 6% of the country’s pig production in 2021, and the industry’s leadership has become solid.
The company uses the model of “Integration of self-rearing” to build pighouses, concentrates on growing pigs and growing pigs, and sells them in a single manner through the breeding of fat pigs.
Under a self-sustaining model, companies have developed “self-sustaining, whole chain, intelligent” farming models based on modern industrial equipment, advanced materials, material networking, high flux testing and artificial intelligence.
1.2 The equity structure stabilizes the employee’s incentives, and the company’s largest shareholder is Qin Yinglin, the founder of the company. Together with his wife, Qin Yin-ling, Qin holds 53.87% of the company’s shares.
1.2.1 Employee holding enhances the sense of belonging of employees. Since its listing, the company has implemented three employee holding schemes that provide adequate incentives to the company ' s executives and employees, fully reflecting the company ' s purpose of providing benefits to its employees, tying up the company ' s interests with those of its employees and increasing their motivation.
Table 1: Corporate Stakeholder Scheme 1.2.2 Incentives to Motivate Staff Incentives In recent years, through a well-developed Equity Incentive Scheme, the company has managed and technical personnel are paid to the economics of the company ' s operations
At the corporate level, each period of the incentive scheme requires both company and individual performance.
At the individual level, incentive schemes vary according to their individual performance, as well as the conditions under which the ban on sales was lifted as of March 2022, the company introduced two stock incentive schemes as follows:
The 2019 Restricted Stock Incentives (RBI) plan requires a base of 2019 for pig sales, with two liftings, and at the end of the year, the target at the firm level of the scheme has been successfully met. The 2022 Restricted Stock Incentives scheme is based on 2021 for pig sales, with two liftings.
1.3 The steady pace of business expansion through a negative cycle has grown to 27.5 billion yuan. The combined annual growth rates of operating income and net profits have been 78 per cent and 85.43 per cent, respectively.In the first three quarters of 2021, as a result of the fall in pig prices, companies achieved 56.28 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase.
In 2020, in the context of super-high pig prices, the company’s cash flows have expanded over the years, showing that the company operates well and continues to expand. The company sells its goods, “money is clean”, channels open, accounts receivable and notes are very small, and cash flows from business activities continue to expand.
With the expansion of revenue, net cash inflows into business activities in 2020 amounted to approximately $23.2 billion. As the Department is in a rapid expansion phase, capital spending is increasing rapidly each year, with net cash outflows from corporate investment activities in 2020 amounting to approximately $45.4 billion.
Fund-raising in the form of pre-equity, debt-transferable, etc., Figure 10: Rapid increase in cash inflows into corporate operations Table 3: Summary of corporate fund-raising projects
By the end of 2021, herd shares had been built to produce more than the company’s capital, mainly for the construction of pighouses, which were largely synchronized with or three to six months ahead of production.
The 10-year-old figure estimates that the company’s capital spending per $100 million can expand its capacity by about 70,000 head. Although the pace of corporate construction has slowed since the second half of 2021, the company’s capacity utilization in 2021 was only 70% left.
2.1 In 2006, to date, the country has experienced four rounds of pig cycle, starting with an increase in the price of pork and falling from the highest to the low end, each cycle taking about four years, after the three previous cycles with the highest increases in the price of pig.
The price of a pig is inversely related to the output. Because the demand for pork is relatively stable, the price is determined mainly by the supply of the pork. In addition to seasonal factors, in historical cycles, the height of the column usually corresponds to the lower prices of pigs, and the lower of the column figure 16: the price of a pig is inversely related to the output (%)
The numbers are synchronized with the prices, and the pig has been able to produce as a pig for 10 to 12 months (the pregnancy of a pig lasts about four months and the pig has grown to about six months). As a result of Psy and msy's increase, the pig has been able to grow as a whole to decline in recent years.
By matching the price of a pig with the stock of a capable pig 10 months ago, the two have a stronger negative correlation. But the two are not strictly linear, and the price increases are slower and faster at the stages of the pig cycle.
It accelerates. When the shelf is high, the price increases from going to stock will be slower, and further decomposition will lead to a rapid increase in prices when the log is deflated to a certain extent.
At the moment, the farmer is experiencing an unprecedented loss. The most important part of the next cycle is to support the farmer.
On the cost side, the current price of food is high, the extent of the subsequent impact of the future Russian-Turkish conflict on global food prices is still unknown; on the return side, the price of pigs is running low.
Farming businesses have both a greater profit and a greater loss than in previous cycles. The bulk of the farmers have adopted the out-of-country pig purchase model, and the profits and losses of this round are already well below those of the previous round.
During the cycle (2014-2018), out-of-pocket pig farmers earn approximately $649 in the top-point, and lose more in the loss period than in the out-of-pocket pig purchase model. In the previous cycle (2014-2018), out-of-pocket farmers earn about $813 in the top-top-up-of-home farmers, and earn less in the first cycle (2014-2018).
In the current cycle of pigs, farmers were in a profit cycle in July 2018-2021. (In the meantime, while there was a strong profit accumulation in the upper cycle, most farm enterprises chose to expand rapidly when cash flows were abundant, consuming large amounts of money, so that cash flows were not sufficient to sustain long-term losses, capacity would gradually fade and capacity would grow.)
Degradation also means the turn of the cycle. Most of the listed pig-breeding enterprises expanded at high prices, and capital spending in 2020 was generally more than twice as much as the cash inflows from operating activities.
But what we see is that, in the 2021 annual report forecast, the company eliminated 2.2 million pigs, and by the end of 2021 it had reduced its stock to 380,000.
In recent rounds of the hog cycle, capital markets have demonstrated a clear pattern of run-off, with share price increases and declines in farm plate prices often leading the way, with prices changing for pigs for more than six months. In the last three rounds, stock markets are projected to be significantly ahead of prices for pigs, and upwards are projected.
Historically, the bottom of the cycle or the end of the cycle is the best time to fit the breeding plate. The base of the pig price during the week of the cycle is set up with the birthing plate and held for six months, with an average of 33% absolute gain, while the bottom of the pig price each year holds the stock of the herd, especially when the cycle is at the bottom or up.
The whole industry's chain of layout and thick barriers to intelligent farming reduces efficiency The herd shares range from upstream breeding and feed, to midstream fertility and expansion, to downstream slaughter sales, layout, integrated industrial chains, and the company's own protection of the city's river.
To improve the efficiency of farming and to reduce the cost of farming, the company is helping to reduce the flow of funds and to smooth the cycle of 3.1 feed: efficiency gains from home-grown feed.
The company uses different feed formulations for pig-bearing at different times.
The same applies to breast milk, teaching tanks, child care materials, small pigs, medium pigs, and big pigs.
Forage, the company’s cost is optimized in the following four ways: First, feed from herds is self-produced, saving the cost of packaging, market costs, and transportation costs.
The company’s supply of feed raw materials is guaranteed while saving transportation costs; Second, the production of all-processly-intelligently produced feed-processing production, with precision and less use, reduces the cost of labour.
Ten thousand smart terminals are working together to complete intelligent processing and feeding, and this is an investment of $280 million, which is only half of the investment in conventional feed plants, saving more than $60 million a year in labour costs.
Third, self-researched feed improves feed digestion, reduces the meat ratio and thus reduces feed costs.
* Fourth, adjusting feed formulations in a timely manner to the price of raw materials, effectively reducing the cost of feed. Self-researched feed uses low-protein daily food formulas to reduce the dependence of traditional daily foods on soybeans.
The development of applications such as barley, sorghum, raw material by-products based on the McTen bean-type formulation technology is now fully applied to raw materials. Figure 27: Soybean prices are much higher than other raw materials (in yuan/tons)
The transformation of the feed structure of the company can also be seen in the purchase of raw materials from the company over the last three years.
In addition, the reduced dependence on soybeans saves 9.5 million acres of arable land and reduces the amount of nitrogen by 60,000 tons, with good social benefits. In recent years, the cost of feed for herd heads has been lower and the cost has fluctuated more steadily than in previous years.
Farming costs are larger than the total cost, usually 50-60% of the total cost of feed in the farm. Forage costs in farmed enterprises are more affected by fluctuations in the price of raw materials, with the growth of raw materials between 2018 and 2019, when capacity to control costs becomes even more important.
The company created a “two-wheel back-planting system” with the ownership of Dolock, Changpai, Yokhara, Khaihara, Shigehara, Shibuya, Shibuya.
The reincarnation of herding shares is an innovation in the use of re-matching. The use of re-matching for the production of mothers and fathers without the need for pure hogs saves the cost of having to plant each year. On the other hand, it reduces the cost of re-planting each year.
The risk of diseases resulting from the introduction of seeds.
• 1. The production of mother-to-child mother-to-peer hybrids without the need for a pure sow, with a lower rate of 66.7 per cent, and 2 per cent without the need for external seeding to ensure biosafety (extravasive disease).
Subsistence to triple- and quadruple-type wheels 3. Use of hybrid production systems to produce commodity fat pigs without time-bound requirements. 4. Obtaining the advantage of the bastard, mixed f1 generation is superior to both parents in terms of productivity, ability to live and adaptability.
If you have two or more different varieties (or strains) of boars, you can have multiple relationships with each other.
• 5. After a long-term election, there must be restrictions on the breeding of herds and herds used for the re-entry of herds, as well as on the use of herds and strains.
The corresponding parent varieties and strains, in terms of reproductive performance, growth rate, thin meat rate and body quality, are the demand for a two-dimensional pig and a commodity pig for a productive and productive male foot.
No. 6. A large-scale, integrated self-reliance model is used, which allows each farm to be a breeder of the same species of boars.
In the aftermath of Africa’s swine plague, it helps to restore production quickly and to ensure that pork supplies maintain a certain heterogeneity with each other. In terms of performance, the herd breeds itself, with an advantage in terms of the quality of pork and the number of pigs that grow.
As a result of the company’s better-developed pork, the company can sell out some of its pigs as a commodity (at a slightly lower price than market prices) and can contribute to the company’s income and reduce the cost of depreciation and scrapping of productive biological assets. As of 21 December 2021, the sales to the former pigs amounted to 1.48 billion yuan.
In 2021, there was a steady increase in the number of live pigs per farm, rising from 10.76 in late 2020 to 11.96 in December 2021, with an average annual increase of 1.2 per cent, four times higher than in Denmark, but there is still a certain gap with Denmark, indicating that there is still room for improvement in the efficiency of the company’s pig production.
Figure 34: Phy data for major global pig-breeding countries. Figure 35: Msy data for major pig-breeding countries around the world.
While reducing labour costs, it improves the efficiency and quality of breeding. A mock male pig that improves the efficiency of herbing provides a real model of how the male can behave when he grows naturally.
The success rate of artificial insemination was higher, and the use of the bottle for the placement of the insemination bottle was installed on the back of the simulated torso, thus increasing the efficiency of artificial insemination.
A device designed to induce a pig to get in touch with a pig by spraying external hormones in the ringhouse containing a pig's inflammation and improving the pig's performance through a sprayer that can facilitate the pig's inflammation.
Date of application: 209.09.29, Rate, which may address to a certain extent the use of boars in traditional technologies
Tows induce incompetence, leading to inefficiency, which can be highly effective in inducing the pig, thus reducing fertility by 3.3: intelligent pighouses increase farm efficiency.
The company's design for pighouses is stringent. The company continues to modernize and intelligently develop and upgrade the pighouses. A “building” complex with a capacity of 2.1 million head has been built in the interior of the country. A single 100,000-capable complex covers only about 55 acres of land, reducing the size of the flat pighouses compared to the same size.
Seventy-eight per cent of the land use rate has significantly improved, providing new dynamic energy for productive growth. The current capacity of the building to produce pigs is low, but it is expected to increase in the future.
With smart equipment and technology, the company has built a new generation of disease-proof, stench-proof, non-pest-resistant pighouses. At the same time, the high intelligence of the company's pighouse has reduced humans and pigs.
Since the outbreak of the African swine plague, new wind systems have been introduced in the pighouses, blocking the spread of the disease. The new wind systems in the pighouses have four layers of air filtering systems, with winding air filtering levels of about 16 for non-pest, new crown viruses.
The company pays $46 (including depreciation, interest, etc.) for air filtration per pig. The new generation of pighouses provides only overfiltration drinking water, the water is undetectable for coliforms and viruses, and the filtering system costs approximately $4.88/head.
The company has developed patents such as autopharmaceutical systems, pig injury detection devices, smart equipment such as pig-breeding robots, which greatly improves the ease of production and lowers the labour costs of farming. Currently, the company’s head is a pregnant sow, 56 head milk pigs, 1,200 pig-carers, and 4,800 fat pigs.
Figure 38: A number of patents have been put into use by pastoral smart pighouses The company, using smart feeding devices, has built precise feeding models based on the growth curves of the pigs to allow accurate input, and controls the unit environment by using smart ring equipment to detect the pighouse environment in real time.
According to the company’s fifth provisional stockholders’ meeting in 2021, the superfarms in the herds are increasing their weight to 1098g, exceeding the 25% increase in the number of farmers in Denmark in the big pig-growing countries. 3.4 slaughters: downstream production is integrated into the industrial chain.
Since the outbreak of the African swine plague, in order to prevent the outbreak of the disease, a multi-sectoral effort has been made to speed up the upgrading of the slaughter industry, to promote a shift from “pig transport” to “meat transportation” and to encourage “central slaughter, cold-chain transportation, and the placing of ice on the market.” In response to the change in the State's policy of “pig transportation” to “meat-carrying”, the pastoralists moved into the “pig-baing industry” in 2019.
By the end of 2020, the company ' s slaughter plate had established several distribution zones, with more than 1,500 farmers, supermarkets, large customers, and other types of customers. The country ' s pig-breeding industry was fragmented and small-scale enterprises were underutilized.
Pig-slaughtering companies, which account for about 30 per cent of the slaughter, are rife with large numbers of small, medium-sized and private slaughter sites, leading to inefficiency.
The Shinwon stock announcement states that 100 million pigs are planned, and that the company is expected to plan for the same amount of slaughter energy, which means that the slaughtering capacity will add value to the company as a result of synergy. From the downstream industrial chain, the slaughtering power layout has the following advantages:
1. Commodity pigs are close to slaughtering, increasing efficiency and saving transport costs; 2. A slaughter farming system integrated, with a retroactive system of meat security, which will increase the productivity of the products. 3. The company will have better physical autonomy, which can be accelerated and slowed under extreme price fluctuations.
The slaughter adjusts the speed of the column and reduces the pressure column. 3.5 Environmental protection: Creating a social value-based industry. Environmental protection is the basis for the company ' s continued development and is one of its social values.
Promulgation and implementation of the "13th Five" Plan for the Environmental Protection of 2016, collection of environmental taxes, designation of restricted and restricted areas in various localities, and gradual progress in national environmental screening, which in recent years has led to the gradual entry of livestock into the ring.