A steady growth in performance, innovation and accelerated internationalization.
Incident: On October 28, 2025, Heung Swe Medicine issued its third quarter report for 2025. In 2025, Heung Swe Medicine (stock code: 600276), the company achieved business income of $23,188 million, an increase of 14.85 per cent over the previous three quarters.
The profits were 5,751 million yuan, an increase of 24.50 per cent over the same period; the net profit from non-repatriation was 5,589 million yuan, and the income from the third quarter was growing faster and operating more robustly. The company was able to collect 7,427 million euros in co-operation in the third quarter of the single quarter of the year. The first payment of 15 million euros was made; and the net profit from return to the mother was 1.301 billion yuan, an increase of the same amount.
9.53% long; net profit from non-repatriation of 1,317 million yuan, an increase of 16.89% over the same period. Companies' strategy abroad continues to advance, with several bd collaborating. Over the last three quarters, companies co-located several bds, including 1) July 28, when they created 12 pieces of hrs-9821 (pde3/4 inhibitors)
The new product is working with gsk to raise the first payment of $500 million — about $12 billion in total options and milestone payments — — and sub-grading sales; (2) on 5 September, the company worked with braveheartbio on the hrs-1893 project (myosin inhibitor) overseas.
The company will receive a first payment of $65 million consisting of cash and equivalent equity and $10 million after transfer of technology and a recent milestone payment of up to $1,013 million in development and sales milestones and a sales withdrawal; 3) 24 September, the company and Glenmark against the raccoon beads and part of the international market equity on 24 September
By working together, the company will receive $18 million in initial payments – up to $1,093 million in registration and sales milestones – and bd regularization will be a new engine of growth for the company’s future earnings. Innovative products will continue to be delivered, leading to a sustained increase in performance.
Perfluorohexane droplets for treatment of dry eye related to glossy gland function disorders, and oral sugar reduction of the three-complex agent, Rugrettin II.
In addition, several products were received by Nda, including: hrs 9531 injection fluids for long-term weight management adaptive disorders in adults (19.2% on average for 48 weeks in the 6mg dose group), Haetrapo Pa for primary childhood hair and adult chemotherapy leading to haemolysis, racquetto beads for resistance.
Her2+bc. At the recently concluded esmo conference, the company released 46 research results, and the company continued to deliver its innovation products with sufficient pipelines, and to see the company ' s future income from innovation rising as a percentage of its future income, driving the company ' s performance to continue to grow at a rapid rate.
Investment proposals: Consider the company's rich R & D pipeline and its large authorized income to recognize its performance. I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Qian Bei, Master of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Shanghai Transport University, 10 years or more in medical testing + research experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Corporate research is intensive, with two masters in pharmaceutical industry Sun Yi, Pharmaceutical Engineering at Nanjing University/University of New South Wales Business Analysis, employed in People’s Trade Securities in 2021, and joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2023.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.