Focusing on the outcome of the health-care negotiations, despite the fact that the company's performance of 3q25 fell short of market expectations, we still have a long-term interest in the company's global role, Van Husawa, cfa.
The strong R & D power in the ring is expected to be consistent with enforcement power, strong growth in revenues from innovative medicines, and low visibility. We believe that income is not as high as expected, mainly because of actual down payment recognition, which is lower than previously expected in the market. In addition, the net profit of 3q25 non-returning to the mother is $1.32 billion.
Heung Swe’s medical use, research and development costs are higher than expected, and non-operational losses are higher (the recruitment of more high-end managerial talent as a result of the dollar exchange rate has led to significant increases in staff remuneration costs.
Although the absolute ring of R & D costs and sales costs is stable (although the ratio of the two rates is still rising significantly), it is still 13.7 per cent and 10.1 per cent, respectively, higher than the same ratio of 3q24. ... We extrapolate about 100 million yuan in licensed revenue and about 7.3 billion yuan in product revenue for three quarters, with innovation.
The dollar's first payment income corresponds to about RMB 2.09 billion (9m25 against people) and the three-quarter license income is calculated to be about $100 million. On this basis, we calculate the three-quarter Heung Swe medicine.
9m25 Innovative Medicines earn about 55% of the product's income, and on this basis we calculate a three-quarter innovation revenue of about $4 billion (+3% qoq). Management says that the three-quarter Innovative Medicines have increased the same income, while imitation Medicines have increased the same rate as in the first half of the year.
The more rapid and innovative drugs are still stable during the sale of Rivirum, Dar Silly, and Hingles. The national health-care negotiations will take place in the near future, and the company will be involved for the first time in the health-care negotiations, i.e., l17, jak1, her2adc, and pcsk9.
In addition to the four innovations mentioned above, the number of products involved in the negotiations has reached a new high in the history of Heung Swe. If the prices of health insurance are moderate, we believe that the company will be in a state of emerging drug sales in 2027 in a number of areas.
The annual inclusion of health insurance is expected to lead to a significant release, and the process of internationalization of heavy-pound drugs, hrs 9531 (glp-1/gip), is progressing steadily. As one of the two two two dual-wheel-driven strategies, companies are systematically advancing the process of internationalization. Since 2020, companies have achieved 15 pairs.
In addition, the company has opened more than 20 clinical studies overseas. Of the many offshore assets, the concerned newsco company kailera has recently completed $600 million.
External financing has contributed to the smooth advancement of the three overseas registration beds of hrs 9531 (glp-1/gip) and the overseas clinical trials of hrs-7535 (oral glp-1 small molecules), hrs-4729 (glp-1/gip/glucagon).
The net profit forecast for the company's 2025e returns has been adjusted upward to $8.9 billion, mainly because of the inclusion in the model of the recent bd transaction down payment and the investment returns forecast for overseas equity companies. Moreover, we maintain that the net profit forecast for the 2026e/2027e returns remains essentially the same. We use the method of sotp valuation.
Innovative medicines and imitation operations are valued separately: (1) for innovative pharmaceutical operations, based on dcf valuations (wacc: 7.7 per cent, constant growth rate: 3 per cent), we expect corporate valuations of innovative pharmaceutical operations (based on pe multiplied valuations, using 20 x 2026epe).
Investment risk: less than expected, more competitive, delayed or failed R & D, less advanced internationally, less profitable than expected.
Source: Bloomberg, Pilgrim International Projection, Pilgrim International, Spob International, Pilgrim International, Spir International.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571), the first (Systems Trading) and the fourth (Provision of Comments on Securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold the securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.