Bulls Group: Short-term performance has been slightly pressured to actively explore incremental power connections: to insist on a strong market position for product innovation and an increase in the contribution of electric tools. 2025h1 electricity connections generated $3.662 billion, or 5.37 per cent, of business revenue, further tightening market positions and increasing market access.
The electricity connection business continues to insist on product innovation and upgrading to high-end fashion, with innovative products such as the Invisible Orbital Plugin and the "Z Generation Series" under the colour-judging line. Moreover, digital business combines fast-loading with intelligence technology, introducing new products such as the "Cow Box" and "Ice Cube" ; electrical tool product lines are being refined and improved.
Building capacity for development, with fast access to more than 30,000 terminals, achieving faster growth. Smart lighting: actively promoting the construction of the flagship shop, with a sustained increase in market share. 2025H1 smart electrician's license, $4.09 billion in revenue, equal to 2.78%.
On the product side, wall switches revolve around new items such as “high end, internationalization, intelligentization” strategies such as “skitter wing iii super thin switches”, “roll-out switch”, “house-wide wifi plugs”; smart lighting upgrades to light-lighted health systems, extensive application of purple
Light technology; appliances also use “light beauty” as the core of the new product to capture home-based aesthetic trends. On the one hand, companies are making further changes in retail farming, decorating channels are driving the construction of full-scale flagship shops and initiating the “show multiplier” enabling operation, home-loading channels are stifling market penetration rates, and power-market channels are new.
New energy: Integrated competitiveness continues to improve, maintaining good growth performance. 2025h1 new energy operations rise.c End-of-end charge-post products rely on full-scale self-research capabilities for the generation of the “sky” and “microstar” series.
The stock market continues to drive European-led overseas business expansion and local product certification.
A firm pace of internationalization, incubating opportunities for innovation. Companies are actively looking for market growth based on their capabilities, nurturing an emerging growth curve: 1 internationalization: 2025h1 speeds up the expansion of overseas operations, driven by Global Arrivals and Wholesales. Electricity connections and domestic contents expand from South-East Asia to Europe, the Middle East, Europe, the Middle East.
In Latin America and other regions, new energy products have expanded from Europe to emerging markets, from underline to cross-border power suppliers, and operations have reached more than 40 countries.2 New incubation business: Corporate Focusai and New Energy Track Breakout
Conference, actively promoting data centres, solar lighting operations.
In Beijing, high-performance products, such as the Golden Gate West Avenue A127 B light, are expected to increase in the future. Profitability is stable.
The company's operations remain robust, with 2025h1 stock days, 87.72 days of working days payable (+289 days for the same year) and 2,378 million yuan (+1.7 million for the same year) of operating cash flow for the 2025h1 company.
Kang Wen-yung, Assistant Director of the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, General Manager of the New Consumer Research Centre, Master of Arts, Shanghai Transport University, first author, published several sci+ei essays, formerly employed in the Treasury, leading the team to the best new wealth in 2024, Lee Young-jung, graduate from the Faculty of Physics, University of California, Bay, majoring in mathematics/auxiliary accounting; graduate student in Lo.
In 2024, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which covers, inter alia, paper-making, light-working exports, electronic smoke, and the Chinese Marine University, where he graduated with a Master ' s degree from King ' s College in London.
In 2025, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, covering cross-border power suppliers, gold jewels, two wheels, etc. Lu Yanin, a Master of Economics from the Champagne branch of the University of Illinois, United States of America, was employed in trade securities, Western securities, and he had a job in trades.
The Sunda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy granted by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.