The Bulls Group (603195.sh) has a strong short-term performance, with medium- and long-term growth points moving towards the external environment with a short-term pressure on traditional niche operations and new energy + incubation performance.
In terms of operations, 25h1 electricity connection/smart electrician lighting/new energy product revenue is the same as 1. Bulls Group Corporate Ratings: Business Resilience Highlights, Development Thoughts Growing Challenges, Corporate Traditional Predominant Businesses do have pressure, and Electricity Connectivity is expected to be a converter class
While there has been a decline, the electric tool class continues to enrich domestic and foreign product lines for market expansion, 2. The Bulls Group’s In-depth Study: In-depth Study Series Three: 100 Billion Billions is expected to continue its rapid growth.
3. "The Bull Group 24 Reported Performance Ratings: Stereotyping, International Underline Endpoints, b End of which has been further refined around the Channel Plus scenario.
In addition, the company is actively incubating its new business, actively configuring data centre operations on the one hand (power distribution unit), with better cooperation with head customers, and with the other.
On the other hand, with the capacity of platformed R & D and products, companies are actively developing solar lighting and building up subsequent performance growth points. Changes in short-term business structures affect Mäori rates, and overall cost controls are excellent.
The low is due to lower market promotion fees, lower advertising fees, lower inputs over the same period; higher management rates are mainly due to higher wages, depreciation, and amortization. Strategic layout is clear, new business + internationalization will open up the space for subsequent growth.
On this basis, the company has been able to build up its reserves at subsequent growth points, in line with the trend of the ai and the new energy track, with new business hatching continuously, following up.
It is hoped that substantial contributions will be realized over time. In addition, internationalization, as of 25h1 covered 40+ countries, the localization of the channel system and the resident support of the sales team are accelerating their expansion towards the goal of “Global Arrival, Full Out of the Sea” and will open up the space for corporate growth.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Poor expansion of overseas markets, poor expansion of new categories of goods and significant increases in raw material prices Analysis of related report rating ratios in the market