Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2025, and in 25h1 it achieved $8.17 billion in operating income, compared to the high growth in the new energy business of the Bulls Group (603195.sh), which succeeded in building the second growth curve.
The electrician lighting business and the new energy business, respectively, generated $36.6.40.9.390 million, correspondingly to Chen Baiu, Invisible Orbital Plugins (e.g. gb7 series) “Z Generation Series” products, Bull Boxes, etc.
The smart electrician lighting industry has shown greater resilience, and the luminous brand has established its core technology and high-end brand image in the field of "ai smart plus healthy lighting" and launched a first load □ chenbairu_yj@chinastock.com.cn
Intelligent switch c200 of the mosgpt large model, "Super Little Mu, the product has won international awards of authority, such as the Red Dot Award. The new energy business grew strongly in 25h1 years, thanks to the company’s introduction of innovative household charge-post products, rapidly expanding the pre-occupancy advantage of the city, increasing the density of the channel coverage, and accelerating the deployment of overseas markets.
The company focuses on promoting the construction of full-scale flagship shops, boosting single-store output and branding experiences through special enabling activities such as “show multipliers”
High-end image. At the same time, firms speed up their penetration into emerging retail industries such as the “silo of lightning” that are so conveniently close to the community, and by empowering such stores to do so in an instant retailing capacity, they have succeeded in capturing the demand for fragmented, instantaneous consumption and in achieving further market sinking and incremental excavation.
□: Hanmian_yj@chinastock.com.cn expands to markets such as Europe, the Middle East, and Latin America; new energy products extend from the European base to more emerging markets. As large clients work together under the consolidation line, companies actively develop new channels for cross-border electricity suppliers.
The platform promotes products such as new energy charge guns, reaching overseas consumers with multiple dimensions, effectively raising the international awareness of brands, driving the rapid rise in the share of internationalized income, and laying a solid foundation for achieving long-term strategic goals. Profitability is robust. 25H1 Māori ratio is 42.3%, corresponding to 0.6 ptt; management cost/sales fee
Investment proposals: The company continues to deepen its channel layout and to focus on user needs for innovative products, new business such as orphan lamps, new energy sources, etc., is growing steadily and overseas. Taking into account the temporary pressure of downstream demand, I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been forthcoming in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.