+33.52%. In connection with the electrical connection business, further innovation was introduced from a safe high-end fashion, with the introduction of products such as “invisible orbital plugs”, “z generation series” under the color rejuvenation line, full-scale 3c certified fast charge mobile power supply; and accelerated promotion of electrical tools, agular grinding, hammering, etc.
In the case of smart electrician lighting, companies build competitive advantages in their products with al-intelligent plus healthy lighting, promote change in channel management and service capacity-building, and increase their business leadership. In the case of new energy operations, companies rely on self-researched products.
Innovative capabilities, with new products such as the Sky and Microstar series chargers; and high-value applications around heavy cards, power and other high-value applications, the company has built a corporate commercial solution to speed up the implementation of product innovation and technological breakthroughs and upgrade the delivery, installation and maintenance of full-scale customer clothing
Capacity for operations; continuous upgrading of the product matrix with European household stocks at its core, pressure on profit margins and proper management of overall cost ratios due to reduced comparative input over the same period; increase in management costs due mainly to salary, depreciation and amortization
Increases due to reduced R & D rates, mainly due to adjustments in R & D projects, compared to reduced inputs during the same period; financial cost increases, mainly due to reduced interest income. • Focusai and new energy track opportunities, actively promoting data centres, solar lighting operations layouts
2025h1, the company is actively working on the data centre package (power distribution module) for 1.24 years, and the new energy business is fast-tracked. The company has now established better cooperation with industry clients such as byte beats, tethers, etc.
New products such as high-power direct pdu, high-power mini-modes, etc. are widely appreciated. 2. Civilian electric engineering is extensive, new energy operations are progressing, new trend products such as micromodules are being stepped up, and strategic client outreach and development are being promoted.
Distribution channels are being built, with faster growth, and good foundations are being built for business development. Moreover, with the built-up capacity of platformed R & D and products in lighting and new energy sources, companies are actively laying out solar lighting operations around them through deepening user demand insights.
The introduction of new high-performance products such as “integrated street lights” and “lightlights” in courtyards, factories, town roads, etc., has been further enhanced through innovations such as optical, structural, electrical, and new materials, and has gained market recognition for product performance and ease of installation.
We look forward to the company’s robust growth of electricity connections and smart lighting based on the share of the civil electrician market and channels accumulated by converters and wall-opening products. With Led lighting, the process of change and expansion of channels, smart-house ecology and orphan lighting is expected to improve, and so on.
In October 2023, he joined Huaan securities. He was very good at deep industrial research and market opportunities, with a clear view of the rapid consumption of goods, new tobacco, and other forms of tobacco.
Cross-border power suppliers, paper-making, and emerging consumption trends have a wealth of industrial resources and in-depth research experience. Light and small- and medium-sized market value industries. Joined the Huaan securities in April 2024. Using information on legal compliance, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.