Chinese taupe (601601.sh/2601.hk)
The semi-annual review: The new list of life insurance policies has been changed, the new business value rate has been raised, and the insurance policy has grown steadily by $20.47 billion in the first half of the year, while yoy has increased by 15.3 per cent, the net gain has increased by $8.3 billion and yoy has increased by 26.8 per cent, and the performance is largely in line with expectations.
In terms of investment performance, companies have increased their allocation to solid-income assets, and overall performance in terms of return on investment has been robust. Given the Department’s better growth, the current valuation is low, and the “buy-in” investment proposal is maintained.
Life insurance is growing faster, with 2q new premium increases of $131 billion, yoy 18.5 per cent higher, benefiting from a better company premium structure, renewed operations of 40 to 88.7 billion more, becoming the main driving force behind the increase in premiums in the first half of the year and a good easing of regulated and property competition.
The effect is a new single pressure (19.7% for yoy). However, the probability of a new business value ratio rising from 2q2018 seasons is higher, and the overall new business value ratio for the product product mix is higher in terms of the performance of the Gesellschaftsprüfer.
Production insurance has grown steadily, mainly by non-car insurance: 60.7 billion in the first half of the year and 15.6 per cent for yoy, which has grown faster. Majorly by non-car insurance: $16.8 billion in the first half of the year and 33.1 per cent for yoy, which has guaranteed high rates of insurance and agricultural insurance.
Increased asset allocation for solidity and better investment returns than for peers: At the investment end, total investment should reduce equity ratios (in addition to increasing non-market equity allocations, other equity-related investments are mainly due to a negative shift in settlement investment returns over the same period last year).
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.