China Taibo (601601) reported an improvement in the value of new operations and a sharp increase in investment returns □ event: Chinese Taibao published its semi-annual report in 2018, which achieved business income of 20,464,94 million in the first half of the year
Dollars, 15.3 per cent increase in the same year; net profit returns to mothers, $8,254 million increase in the same year, 26.8 per cent increase in the same year; public □ profits from renewed operations have increased in life insurance and the value of new operations has improved rapidly.
The high annual base influences the risk of new single sales burden, increasing the value of the new business by 0.8 percentage points (for the first time) taking into account the current product swaps, implementing a transition of 2.0 in the company, taking into account the safeguards and savings approach
In the case of product sales, the rate of increase in the value of the new business is expected to improve further in the second half of the year. □ The rate of increase in income from insurance insurance is expected to improve in the future, and the tax impact is expected to improve in the future.
33.1%, up from the same period last year. The net profit from tax-affected insurance premiums fell by 22.5% on a year-on-year basis. The combined cost rate of 2018h1 was 98.7%, the same as in the same period last year.
The net profit level of the insurance company is expected to improve before taxes are paid. □ The return on investment is excellent, and there is plenty of room for reserves to release it. The net return on corporate investment in 2018h1 is 4.5%, and the total annualized investment rate is 4.5%.
When the rate is at a relatively high level, there is an increase in the allocation of long-term assets, higher-yielding non-target assets, etc., and a relatively low equity allocation is less affected by stock market fluctuations. Given the downward pressure on the stock market, companies are expected to increase their return on investment in the future, thereby contributing to the growth of intrinsic value and net profits.
In addition, the company still reduces its total profits by accounting estimates of 537 million yuan, as the average maturity rate of return on the 750-day national debt rises. There was ample room for corporate reserves to release the net profits in the second half of the year.
In the six months following the publication of the report, the firm/industry growth and decline was compared to the previous certificate/subsidiarity index for the same period. Synchronous markets: the rate of return relative to the market benchmark index fluctuated between ~5% and +5%;
There will be no change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and there is no interest in evaluating or recommending the securities in the report. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may provide or seek to raise them.
For investment banking or other services.