Continued premium growth is robust, and high levels of guaranteed operations contribute to value enhancement.
On August 26, 2018, the Chinese Pacific Guard issued a mid-term report, in which it achieved business income of 20,464,94 million yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 15.3 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $8,254 million for mothers, an increase of 26.8 per cent in the same year, and a gain of 0.91 yuan per share.
In the first half of the year, China raised insurance revenues of $192.63 billion, an increase of 17.6 per cent over the same year, increased insurance coverage by 48.4 per cent, and reduced production insurance by 22.5 per cent, with a 19.7 per cent decline in the new single growth rate for proxy channels in personal operations for life insurance, but the business growth rate for renewals reached 43.7 per cent, prompting companies to continue to grow their business performance consistently in the first half of the year.
Promotion of built-in value increases, with liability end premium structures continuously optimized during the first half of the year with a new short-term burden of insurance and a 17.5 per cent decline in the value of new operations \triangleright \triangleright
In the first half of the year, the value of China's new operations rose by 0.8 percentage points to 41.4 per cent, thanks to the continued optimization of the premium structure, with the proxy channels increasing by 1.2 percentage points from 90 per cent to 1.2 percentage points to 1.2 percentage points. The annual contribution rate for the first year of the new barrierd operations was 50.2 per cent, an increase of 7.8 percentage points.
In the first half of the year, the combined health and life insurance policies of ISPs were effective, with more than half a million new clients added, with income of $1,275 million, an increase of 124.9 per cent over the same year.
The personal client penetration rate for health insurance increased by 6.6 percentage points to 9.6 per cent on the same year, with a high value rate of long-term health insurance.
The rate of growth in human capacity in transition per capita is expected to stabilize gradually. The insurance sector, represented by health insurance, is operating in June: life insurance is growing at a steady rate, and the data loop is increasing in June.
The Fly Rings are down, still looking at the risk of new repairs, the performance rings are warmer, the valuations are security marginal, the company's financial statements are summed up.
Zhou Xiaoping, a mid-level economist and a Master of Economics from Xian Transport University, worked in the Economic Research Institute, the Ministry of National Enterprise Strategy and Development, and was responsible for macroeconomic and industrial research. In 2015, he joined the civil securities programme. Chen Xiaojun, a PhD in business law from the Chinese Social and Economic Institute, and a post-doctor in financial science. In 2017, he joined the civil securities programme.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.