Disparity of performance in life insurance and long-term value growth - China's Taibo (601601) rating report - relative depth of 300 indexes in each share
On August 27, 2018, the China Pacific Agency announced its mid-term performance in 2018, with a new business value of 16.3 billion yuan, a 17.5 per cent decline compared to the previous year. The group had a value of 30,92 billion yuan, an increase of 8.1 per cent compared to the beginning of the year. The residual marginal life insurance reserve was released to promote rapid profit growth, and the financial risk was significantly increased by fees.
Negative windfall profit growth: in the first half of the year, China's Gesellschaftsprüfer achieved a net return profit of $8.25 billion, an increase of 26.8 per cent over the same year. Of this, a net profit on life insurance of $6.5 billion, an increase of 38.4 per cent over the same year, mainly due to changes in assumptions such as last year's equivalent discount rate, reduced the pre-tax profit by $4.2 billion, compared with a decrease of only $500 million this year and net after tax.
The increase in non-taxable charges to 21.5 per cent of the premium has led to a 54 per cent real income tax rate and, while pre-tax profits have increased by 16.3 per cent on a positive basis over the same period, higher post-tax net profits have been realized as a result of income tax increases of between 105.4 per cent and 1.83 billion.
The significant decline in the life insurance Red List resulted in a greater decline in the value of new operations, but the long-term value continued to grow at a high medium rate: the value of new operations in the first half of the life insurance year was $16,289 million, a decline of 17.5 per cent compared to the same period, owing mainly to higher interest rates and tighter regulation affecting the capacity of the workforce in the first half of the year.
Significant decline, although the size of the team has remained relatively good at 2.8 per cent on a monthly basis, a 29 per cent decrease (annualized) in the premium for the new premium policy has resulted in a decrease in the value of the new venture, from 33.5 per cent to 7,575 million, while the value of the traditional new venture, dominated by a guaranteed operation, has increased.
5% longer. The new business value, though declining, is still driving the value of effective business and the remaining marginal fractions.
15.6% increase, with car insurance increasing between 10.1% and $43.9 billion, non-car insurance increasing by 33.1% to 21.5% in the same year, and the cost of non-taxable front line spending increasing rapidly, leading to a 105.4% increase in income tax and a 54% increase in real tax rates.
Beginning with the expected reduction in competition for treasury costs in the short term, real income tax rates Steady investment styles over-expected performance in a volatile interest market environment: as of the end of June, total investment assets in China were 1.18 trillion, an increase of 8.9 per cent compared to the beginning of the year
While interest rates declined, they remained high, and EPS continued to increase the allocation of solid assets, with bond investment plans rising from 1.9 to 10.5% at the beginning of the year, making solid asset collection more robust than a sound investment style.
In the first half of the year, a sharp decline in equity a resulted in an investment return of 1.8 per cent and a return of 4.5 per cent to overall investment promotion, while net growth benefited from an increase of 4.8 per cent in the surplus of bond-type assets, which outperformed China ' s peace and life.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: China's Pacific has maintained its transformational development and pursued a sustained growth in corporate values. While the first half of the year saw a remarkable improvement in the value of new business over the first quarter, it is expected to continue to improve in the second half of the year, promoting the continuation of medium- and high-speed long-term values.
Risk factors: Unexpected human development, unanticipated sales of guaranteed operations, significant increases in the combined cost of finance, investment risk.