(000338) Leafwood power: using a variety of energy, powered advantage, able to respond to external challenges, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, energy, and energy.
At the same time, the flag shows that the external factors of 2020q1 are numerous: domestic and foreign epidemics disrupt supply and demand, and natural gas reprocessing raw materials.
The next fascist gearbox is the head of the heavy-card gear tank, and the price of heavy gas has increased dramatically. And the company, because of the industry under the flag, has taken up most of the important links down in the heavy-duty commercial cars, and for the important heavy-cargo company, Kaihou and DeMartek are the world.
Proactive adjustment of production rhythms and product structures was made possible by a more stable performance than peers, by well-known forklift and logistics system producers, and by companies working with Balad on hydrogen fuel cell operations.
Taking advantage of the industrial cluster, we are willing to adjust to avoid the peak in the price of gas machine raw materials, and to stabilize diesel power. We assume that the company has taken the initiative to reduce the volume of gas machine shipments in order to avoid the rise in the cost of precious metals.
The challenge is limited. We believe that the expansion of the competitors’ gas engine business is unsustainable at the peak price of precious metals, which do not affect the company’s long-term bargaining power in the field of natural gas engines, fall back in prices in the future, and remain influential in the company’s market.
After the outbreak, the construction workers are on the verge of peaking. The market for new cars, used cards, is hot everywhere, and heavy cards for engineering are especially hot. The company’s engine has an advantage in the field of engineering heavy cards.
Europe’s logistics business is fully resumed, demand is rigid, and the epidemic has had limited impact. This week’s Keisu’s factories in Germany, Italy, and France are ready to go back to work. Keisu’s q1 battalion received 2.7 per cent of the decline, and the new orders were close to the size of the collection during the period: q2 was affected by the Europe-American epidemic or was larger, but the rate of rebounding will be faster.
Good companies’ overseas operations have developed after the epidemic, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating. Global infrastructure, logistics recovery, has fallen short of expectations; and raw materials prices have risen sharply.
S148017001 Research Assistant: Jang Chi Yon, the source of financial prosperity in the East
Figure 1: Combined wood engine report collection and same-year rate of increase
Figure 4: Net profit and increase in the same rate of profit for the wood-driven parent company
Figure 5: Prospective collection of wood power subsectors, source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, wood power (000338): Harnessing multiple energy-powered advantages and responding robustly to external challenges
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Research assistant profile Liu Yiming, using multiple energy-powered advantages to respond robustly to external challenges
B.A., University of Qinghua, Master of Arts, University of Dartmouth, United States of America, cfa holder, seven years of national and international technical and managerial experience in the automobile industry.
A Bachelor of Arts from the University of Xi'an, Master of Finance from the University of Makantan, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 to conduct research in the automobile industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.