Production capacity continues to expand, and integration drives profitability.
The in-depth study/oil petrochemicals is trying to solve the problem of assessing the growth of energy from the point of view of energy expansion to the point where the cost of energy expansion will be reduced, and this report will assess the profit logic and growth space of energy from the point of view of energy expansion.
1. The company’s top major product is polyolefin, which in 2019 was 47% and Maori 47%. Polyethylene imports are more dependent, yielding more energy for import substitution, and polypropene prospects are wide-ranging and have a better view.
2. The company’s second-largest major business product is coke, which in 2019 accounted for 40 per cent of the revenue and 41 per cent of the gross domestic product. The price of coke has remained high in recent years, as a result of the export capacity. 3. The company’s profitability is due to lower costs associated with the expansion of the production capacity.
The cost of the integration projects is lower than the cost of the company, given that several projects have been launched each year. 4. The profits of 2.2 million tonnes/year of methanol delivered and 1.2 million tonnes/year of coal-based hydrocarbon projects are measured. Domestic polyethylene import dependence is high, and expanding enterprises are expected to replace imports. May 2020, polyethylene
Import dependence is 46%. Domestic import dependence on polyethylene has been over 40% in the last decade, with a huge supply gap. Domestic import of polyethylene was 16,66 million tons in 2019, a 19% increase over the same period; the apparent consumption of 3.043 million vinyl production was only 24.8 million tons.
Import substitution for polyethylene. 2.73 million tons per year, with an average annual compound growth rate of 12 per cent. National production of polypropene in 2011 increased to 23.2 million tons by 2019. The increase in production of polypropylene is mainly due to coal-based hydrocarbons and propane dehydration.
Emerging processes such as s01051612120001 are rapidly developing. The demand for lower-silent plastics and membrane has increased in recent years. ... It will be 3% of future polypropylene, and by 2022 it will be 5,084.1 million tons of domestic coke.
In July 2020, the price of coke rose to 1972 yuan per ton, and the outlook is better. Since then, the coal-based hydrocarbon process has been ahead of other processes. The fixed cost of coal-based hydrocarbons is as high as 60%, and the raw material is only about 25%. The cost of the coal-based hydrocarbon project is relatively unsensitive to changes in the price of raw materials, and product prices have fallen.
The company’s capacity expansion continues to open the profitable ceiling. In 2020, the company has several projects on board and is expected to continue production in 2021 and 2022. By that time, the company’s main product will produce 6.4 million tonnes/year of methanol, 2.4 million tonnes/year of polyfin hydrocarbons, and 7 million tonnes/year of coke.
Companies have a significant cost advantage. Company stock and receivables are the lowest compared to comparable companies, and the share of funds is well controlled. In addition, corporate coal-based fixed-asset investments are the lowest.
The assumptions for this calculation are as follows: (1) tons of coal-producing polyolefins of 0.25 tons. (2) Coal is the company ' s overpurchase price of refined coal in 2019, estimated at approximately $340.62/ton.
(3) On the basis of historical oil prices, when the price of Brent crude oil was at the centre of US$ 50/bp, the price of polyethylene was $8186.46/t and the price of polypropylene was $828.25/t. (4) It is assumed that the other cost of a ton of products (financial costs, catalysts, etc.) is 40% of coal consumption.
(5) The company averaged 10 per cent of its three cost rates for 2015-2019.The final result was that when methanol was all self-sufficient, the 1.2 million tonnes/year polyolefins project had a net profit of 3.4 billion, while the crude oil price was 30/40/50/60/70(RM/b) had a net gain of 1.2 million tonnes/year polyolefins/year.
Taking into account the high growth rate of future companies, peg <1, gives a “recommended” rating. Product price volatility risks, shutdown risks.
This report assesses the profit logic and growth space of the energy abundance in terms of lower costs associated with the expansion of methanol production, and hopes to contribute more to investors ' understanding of the polyvinyl hydrocarbons industry and the energy potential: 1. The company ' s main product is polyvinyl hydrocarbons, which received 47 per cent of the revenue in 2019, and Maori 47 per cent of the cost. Polyethylene imports are more dependent.
The company’s second-largest major product is coke, which in 2019 accounted for 40% of the revenue and 41% of the Māori. The price of coke has remained high in recent years, as a result of the output.
3. The company ' s profitability is due to lower costs due to expansion of production capacity. The company ' s coal-based carbon dioxide (formerly) carbon gasification project, 2.2 million tonnes/year methanol, was successfully tested in a joint vehicle and started to be released in the second half of 2020. In addition, the company had several projects on board in 2020, and integrated projects resulted in lower operating costs for the company than their counterparts.
4. The profit of 2.2 million tonnes/year of methanol production and 1.2 million tonnes/year of coal-based hydrocarbon production are measured. (i) The company is a leading company in the manufacture of new high-end coal-based materials and chemicals, and the company is a leading company in the manufacture of new high-end coal-based materials and chemicals. The company was established in 2005 and landed in 2019.
The company's main business is divided into three branches, the Fythylene Products Division, the Caring Products Division, and the Fine Industries Division. The company is located in the territory of Ningdong Coal Field, the sixth billion tons of coal base in the country, and has built a cluster of new high-end coal-based materials recycling industries that combines coal, coke, gas, methanol, vinylene, polyethylene, polypropylene, fine-chemicals and coal-substitution oils to produce nearly 100 high-end chemical products.
Corporate equity structures are clear. The company’s first shareholder is the Treasure Group, with 36.02% of the company’s shares.
Figure 1: Corporate equity structure (ii) Capacity expansion to connect integrated industrial chains, with significant cost advantages for companies.
The carbon gasification 2.2 million tonnes/year methanol project was a successful joint test vehicle, with the company achieving full self-sufficiency of methanol. To boost its leadership in the manufacture of new materials and chemicals at the high end of coal, the company deployed several energy expansion projects in 2020, covering various areas such as solar electrolysis hydrogen, polyolefins, methanol, coal washing, coal mining, etc.
Most of the above projects are expected to continue production in 2021 and 2022. By that time, the production capacity of the company ' s products will expand further, with a major production capacity of 6.4 million tonnes/year of methanol, 2.4 million tonnes/year of polyfin hydrocarbons and 7 million tonnes/year of coke.
During the last four years, the company ' s net profit to its parent grew by 30% at an annual compound rate of 30%. In 2019, the company earned 13 billion yuan, or 3% more. In 2016-2019, the company ' s net profit to its parent grew by 13%, or 2.8 billion, or 47%.
With 1.2 million tonnes of production capacity per year, the company ' s polyolefin performance will be higher until the 500,000 tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbon project is delivered. The company ' s three rates of cost will always be lower. The company ' s financial costs in 2019 will be 2%, management costs and sales costs will be 2%.
3%, of which the financial cost rate is the lowest in almost five years. The three rates have remained low for nearly five years: polyethylene (i) sales rates for nearly five years: import dependency remains high, expanding enterprises are expected to achieve import substitution. Polyethylene (pe) is a thermal plastic resin produced by ethylene through polymerization, in agriculture, electronics, automobiles and daily supplies.
The increase in domestic polyethylene production was due to the release of coal-based hydrocarbons. In 19 years, domestic production of polyethylene was 17,650,000 tons, an increase of 11 per cent compared with that of the same year. The increase in domestic polyethylene supply was mainly due to the expansion of capacity that began in 2010, especially coal-based hydrocarbons.
Since the end of 2014, the price of international crude oil has shrunk the price gap between imported polyolefins and domestic products, requiring additional domestic consumption to be met mainly by imports. The rapid expansion of coal-based polyethylene can only be slowed if domestic production increases by 19% at a rate of tons over the next three years; the apparent consumption is 30.43 million tons, a 15% increase over the same period.
Domestic polyethylene consumption can reach 49.11 million tons per year, compared with the projected production of 24.8 million tons in 2022, thus not having a magnified energy gap for polyethylene production in the country. Polyethylene import dependence is high, and expanding firms are expected to replace imports.
46%. Domestic import dependence on polyethylene has remained at over 40% in the last decade, with a huge supply gap. Therefore, the expansion of domestic polyethylene production will help reduce its import dependency and achieve import substitution of polyethylene. (ii) Polypropylene: production is growing faster and downstream demand is strong.
Polypropylene is one of the most widely used and fastest growing synthetic resins in the world, and it is the largest downstream use of acrylic, accounting for more than 75% of acrylic applications.
Annual production has risen to 23.2 million tons, a new 5% increase. The increase in polypropene production is mainly due to the rapid development of new processes such as coal-based hydrocarbons and propane dehydrogens. The long-standing high supply and demand gap is expected to continue to drive the growth of the polypropene industry at the end of the supply chain, thus providing a strong boost to the development of the upstream acrylic industry.
In recent years, the demand for polypropylene has grown slowly, as domestic infrastructure slows down, cement is used for construction, and industrial profits shrinks. Plastic products such as small household electricity, daily appliances, toys, washing machines, cars and swing boxes account for about 20-25% of consumption. As electricity suppliers have developed, the standard of living of the population has improved, small households have become more dependent.
The demand for daily supplies is growing rapidly: polypropylene membrane is the third largest downstream product, with cpp film mainly used in food packaging, and its original material is mainly cpp-specific and part of the generic material. The current domestic supply of cpp membrane is inadequate, with 50-60% still imported Dependency, market gaps and profit margins, and will drive the further expansion of the polypropene industry in the future.
(iii) Focal sector: supply side reform leads to price upscaling Coal cork, also known as coal high temperature distillation, which refers to the process of producing coke with high temperature distillation and coal, kerosene and other chemical products, using coal as a feedstock, heating up to about 1000°C in isolated air conditions.
There are two main categories of domestic carcinogens: steel plants have self-carrying enterprises and independent carcinogening enterprises. Iron and steel factories have self-carrying. Enterprises and coal companies invest in the construction of coke plants that do not contribute enough to the expansion of coke production. According to the Chinese Association of Carkering Industries, iron and steel plants produce about one third of the total coke production in the country.
The industry sells coke products, whose competitiveness is reflected mainly in the processing of coker by-products and the integrated recycling of the flaring gas. According to China’s Association of Caramel Industries, independent coke factories produce more than 65% of the country’s total coke production.
Since then, the domestic production of coke has remained at more than 430 million tons, a modest increase. The increase in coke production in 2014 has shifted to -7% in comparison with the previous year, mainly because the Ministry of Industry and Communications has issued a policy that specifies that new production capacity should be replaced with production equivalents or reductions to phase out capacity, and the coke industry has begun to structure itself. The demand side of coke has remained stable. In 2018, the country exported 9.76 million tons of coke.
In 2019, domestic coke consumption was 4.65.27 million tons, an increase of 9 per cent over the previous year. If the figure for carbon consumption for 2020-2022 was 3 per cent over the same period (referenced to the average for the last three years), domestic coke consumption was 5,084.1 million tons by 2022. The demand for coke is stable.
The price of coke has remained high, as a result of the loss of productive capacity. Since 2014, we have proposed a change in the supply side of coke. With regard to the withdrawal of backward production, the standards for the phase-out of small stoves have been raised year after year, and production has been concentrated in areas such as Hebei, Shanxi, and Inner Mongolia.
As supply-side reforms create industrial barriers in the coke industry, the price of coke is higher due to the imbalance in supply and demand, which is beneficial for the associated coke enterprises. The price of coke futures settlement in July 2020 was 1972 ton, and the price of coke has remained, overall, the highest in the mainstream process route since 2016.
There are currently three main processes for the production of low-carbon hydrocarbons: petrene oils, coal hydrocarbons, and propane dehydrate helium (pdh). The production of ethylene and acetylene from paracetola oil has been the main route for the production of ethylene and acrylates. In recent years, as coal-based production of polyolefins has been industrialized, coal-based hydrocarbons have been produced, and coal-rich western regions have been rich in coal resources.
The North-West, North-East and North-East regions account for more than 60% of the national production of polyolefins. (i) Coal-based ethanol-vinyl hydrocarbons correspond to the energy situation in the country. The energy structure of the country is characterized by “coal-rich, oil-poor, gas-poor”, and import substitution and material diversification of ethylene and acetylene are inevitable trends.
Since the 1980s, we have developed coal-based yetyl hydrocarbons, and now have autonomous intellectual property rights to coal-based orol-based technologies such as the China Institute of Science and Technology, China ' s petrochemicals, China ' s Centralization Group, and the University of Qinghua. By the end of 2017, the total capacity of domestic coal-fired orcylene and independent methanol-based plants had exceeded 11 million tonnes/year, which is one of the most important components of the production of acrylic hydrocarbons.
Coal can be split into two processes: coal-based methanol and methanol. In the coal-based methanol process, dry powder coal and oxygen produce crude gas with a high carbon monoxide content in the furnaces, adding hydrogen-adjusted hydrocarbons to the hydrogen-gas ratio, purifying the excess carbon dioxide and sulphuride, and obtaining methanol from the compressed, synthesized, distilled processes.
Gasification, synthetic gas purification, methanol synthesis, and methanol-based HC4. At present, gasification, synthesification and methanol synthesis technologies have been commercialized and large-scale devices are operating, and mto (methanol-based ethylene and acetylene) technology from uop/hydro, and mtp from lurgi, Germany (production) has been relatively successful.
(ii) The Māori rate is highest in the mainstream process route, with the highest Māori rate in the coal-based HFO process. 2020q2, the Māori rate in the coal-based HC is 28%. Since 2012, the coal-based HCW has had the highest Māl rate in the mainstream process.
The art route is always ahead of the other processes. Even at the downside of the industry of 2015q4, the Māori rate for coal-based hydrocarbons fell to -12%, which is higher than for other processes. The fixed cost of coal-based hydrocarbons is relatively high and does not affect the price of raw materials.
The cost of the coal-based hydrocarbon project is relatively unsensitive to changes in the price of raw materials, and the price of the product is reduced for profit by $3.4 billion a year.
For example, the company invested 10.3 billion tonnes/year of coal production capacity in coal-based acrylic forests and delicacies, compared with the construction of 600,000 tonnes/year of coal-based acrylic production capacity and the lowest cost of capital investment in bountiful energy.
Compared to the fixed asset holdings of the coal-based hydrocarbon project of 600,000 tonnes/year, billions of yuan. The company ' s polyolefin preparation process is coal-based, with an existing two-stage polyolefin project with an annual capacity of 1.2 million tonnes (polyethylene and 600,000 tonnes/polypropylene) and a company ' s methanol was purchased mainly for export prior to the release of the 2.2 million tonnes/year methanol project.
To reach 4 million tonnes/year, in the future, full self-sufficiency of methanol from the intermediate raw material of the coal-based acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic accelerants will be achieved.
(1) tons of coal-producing polyolefins 0.25 tons. (2) Coal is the company ' s 2019 extra-purchase price of fine coal, which is estimated to be approximately $340.62/t. (3) Based on historical oil prices, the price of polyethylenes is $8186.46/t when the price of Brent crude oil is 50 USD/bpd.
The price of polypropylene is 8289.25 yuan/tonne. (4) Assuming that the other cost of a ton of products (financial costs, catalysts, etc.) is 40% of coal consumption. (5) The average of the three cost rates for the company for 2015-2019 is 10%.
Table 6: Two phases of Bo Fon Energy with 1.2 million tonnes of polyolefins net profit measurement.
At the front end 2.2 million tonnes/year coke gasated methanol, back end tons/year burner waste methanol and 600,000 tonnes/year 600,000 tonnes/year methanol/year.
In summary, due to a slight variation in the amount of investment, the net profit for the next two periods is different when the methanol is all self-sufficient, but the same is true. If the product is fully produced, the sum of 1.2 million tonnes/yearly polyolefins will receive a net gain of 3.4 billion yuan.
The net gain on the company ' s 1.2 million tonnes/year polyolefins project is given below under different crude oil prices, and when the crude oil price is 30/40/50/60/70 yuan/barrells, the company ' s 1.2 million tonnes/year polyolefins project will receive a net gain on methanol self-sufficiency, and the cost savings on the 1.2 million tonnes/year polyolefins product will be 2.2 million tonnes/year methanol self-purchase and outsourcing price differentials.
Assuming a difference between the company ' s own purchase price of methanol and the out-purchase price of 400 Methanol, the cost savings of 1.2 million Methanol tons/year of polyolefin products, i.e. 220*400/10000 billion yuan. (1) This calculation assumes that the price of the oil price is 50 USD/bpd and that the price of raw coal for the production of HFOs remains unchanged at 340.62 Methanol.
The company received $6.4 billion in 2019 and sold a total of 813778 tons, and received an average sales price of $7827 per ton for 2019. (4) 1.2 million tonnes/year of polyolefin production in 2020 could be fully operational.
The high rate of growth, peg <1, gives a “recommended” rating of the risk of shutdown: a cutoff due to sudden events such as the epidemic will have a greater impact on the output and cost of the company’s products, and will thus affect the company’s income and profits.
Yang Jianxing, the Nanjing University Land Department, in conjunction with the United States Department of Chemical Industries at Rutgers University, trains a doctor in geochemistry (Earthprospecting and information technology, calculating the direction of chemical and hydrocarbon resources). Joined industry studies in October 2014 in the direction of civic securities, petrochemicals and building materials, China's best author in 2015, with a qualification or equivalent professional competence in securities investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,