The two-fold increase in profit on the production of acrylic hydrocarbons is 75.2 billion yuan, an increase of 15.35 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother is 2.09 billion yuan, an increase of 10.75 per cent in the same year; and the plate of accelerated acreage products is growing rapidly, gradually increasing in the main force.
In 2020h1, the company achieved 30.2 billion yuan, with a 40.19 per cent Māori rate, and Māori increased by 197 million with a range of products. Depending on the impact of the epidemic and peripheral environmental factors, the price of crude oil fluctuated during the first half of the year, affecting the price of the company’s main business, resulting in both the company’s main business and the gross profits.
Corporate prices are influenced to varying degrees by the trend of 300 depths, but the pp/pe production capacity of the company ' s product plate is in the pipeline, and the strong rate of growth supports the company ' s two-fold increase in profits in a volatile environment.
q2 The overall net profit ring ratio has improved significantly, and the peripheral effects have faded by several hundred million yuan, with a 54.5 per cent increase in the ring; the net profit from withholding is 1,255 million yuan, with a 54.56 per cent increase in the ring; The driving factor is concentrated in q1, with an improvement in the overall environment between q2 and q2, resulting in a net gain for the company q2
The lubricant-level ring ratio has improved considerably. In the first half of the year, the company spent 66 million yuan on R & D costs, resulting from a significant increase in the cost of production.
We believe that the rapid expansion of the company has not changed, and that fluctuations in the first half of the year, in the first quarter of the year, have been largely affected by the epidemic: 2020q1, a severe epidemic in the country, and overseas.
A small increase in orders; a significant increase in the number of orders for the q2 epidemic in the country. With the impact of the global epidemic, the Focal Product plate: The Māori harvest remains stable, creating space for the BH2 product product plate 2020h1 yields 2,349 million yuan, a 15.14 per cent decline in the same year, and the harvest is taking place.
Satellite petrochemicals: second-quarter product warming, 31.23%. Caramel plates are the company's traditional business, and average prices of coal from the company's external purchases declined in the first half of the year, with some offsetting effects on the price of the product, but they are still small.
In the future, it is expected that the flaring product plate will develop robustly, creating a space for the development of the folicite product plate, as the products need to compete for raw coal from the coal-based hydrocarbon device.
"Wanhua chemistry: global mdi, tdi production skills, fine chemical product plates: benefiting from rapid development of integration strategies " , Conducting inspections, prices or rebounding " 2020.07.29
In 2020h1, the fine chemical plate generated 730 million yuan, an increase of 150.86 per cent, and one of the reports in the Python Aperture Series: The global titanium: 9.72 per cent. The fine chemical plate is an important component of integrated development, the main product.
These include asphalt, pure benzene, industrial naphthalenes, etc., Standard Upgrading Series II: Cost advantages, growth advantages, technological advantages that construct the core competitiveness of a powerful energy source.
C.C. 2020.07.22 Cost advantages: Coal by methanol is a model for the efficient use of coal resources, and a preferred route for coal use, and resource patterns for oil-rich and gas-rich coals in our country
In 2019, companies built fixed assets to pay $4,541 million in cash, compared to $169 million in investment, which is significantly lower than the sum of $260 million in investment.
The company is located at Ningdong Energy Chemical Base, where its own four large coal mines supply raw coal for coal-based hydrocarbons and cokering devices.
A significant reduction in the cost of raw materials and an increase in competitive advantage; chemical bases adjacent to the Yellow River, where companies build their own supply Water supply works will reduce the cost of energy consumption: Ningxia Autonomous Region, Sinakawa City, Ningdong Energy Management Board, followed by a series of policy measures and policies on resource and tax revenues for Bo-Fong energy
Supported, the company enjoys a five-year exemption from income tax and land use tax, and in 2018, the company consolidated its growth advantage: the company ' s 4 million tonnes polyolefins project in the Nemobreb region, with 4 million tonnes/year of coal-based hydrocarbon devices at its core, extending downstream to polyolefin materials, will become coal-based hydrocarbons in our country.
New poles to polyolefin integration devices. Technical advantage: Low-end excess capacity still exists in the domestic polyolefin industry, with high-end polyolefins represented by high-performance pp, pe and metallic polyolefins.
The XII polyolefin project has added high-end dual-peak polyethylene and magnoline polyethylene production lines. We believe that the bountiful energy has the technology from coal to methanol to some high-end polyolefins, and that the technological advantages of the integration device have been added to the technical advantages of the high-value-added polyethylene hydrocarbons.
For the first time, the project was not built as expected; the prices of raw materials had increased; the prices of products had fallen dramatically; and the coal mine had its own coal.
During the first half of 2020, corporate operating income continued its upward trend in the face of the international situation and large fluctuations in oil prices. The year-on-year rise was 13.01 per cent, the prices of commodities were warming in the second quarter, and production of major products increased, with the year-on-year increase of 17.6 per cent and the company ' s year-on-year increase of 2020h1 as a whole was 15.35 per cent.
The company’s overall gross profit, net profit levels are more affected by price fluctuations in products and raw materials. 2020q1, the company’s overall Māori rate remains high. The company’s Māori rate reached 43.95 per cent in 2019.
The three rates of cost of Treasure Energy remain low. 2020h1 management costs 3.35%, a decrease of 3.74 pcts, a decrease of 1.16%, a decrease of 63.86 pcs, a decrease of 3.74%, an increase of 25.5 pcs, a decrease in management and financial costs, a decrease mainly related to the company’s growing sophistication.
Benefit management is related, while the increase in sales costs is mainly due to the rising sales of company pp. Pe projects. Net operating cash flows of companies have maintained the growth trend, with the 2020q1 project amounting to 1,291 million yuan and 2020h1 to 2.57 billion yuan; companies have invested more in major productive capacity projects and fixed assets in recent years.
The total amount paid by the project for the entire year 2019 was $4,541 million, a significant increase of 183.8 per cent over the year. The ring ratio increased significantly, mainly as a result of the retreat of the domestic epidemic, leading to the gradual resumption of major construction work.
More than 1 reflects the good quality of the benefits. The company’s inventory turnover days have generally remained at a low level of less than 30 days, reflecting good management capacity.
Figure 4 Quarterly changes in corporate Māori as a whole Figure 3 Māori as a whole Figure 5 Māori net profits as a result of monthly changes in corporate Māori as a whole
Figure 6 Quarterly changes in net profit returns of companies
Figure 10 Quarterly changes in the three cost rates of the company Figure 9 Quarterly changes in the three cost rates of the company Sales rates (%) — administrative costs rates (%)
Cash paid for capital assets, intangibles, long-term assets, cash paid for capital assets, intangibles and other long-term assets
Figure 15 Net current-to-biannual changes in the stock turnover days of the company chart 17 Quarterly changes in the stock turnover days of the company chart 18
The company's branch operations and major events are at $4,421 million, an increase of 68.55 per cent and a revenue ratio of 58.79 per cent.
The main reason is that we believe that companies are moving from energy-based enterprises to coal-chemical whole-sector chains, and that in the future, as upstream raw material packages and downstream polyolefin materials projects are gradually refined, Māori harvests are expected to increase further.
31.23%. Caramel products are also the company ' s traditional business, whose raw coal still needs to be partially outsourced, and the new mining rights granted to the company ' s subsidiary, Red 4 Coal, on 21 July 2020, will allow the company to expand its coal production capacity to 7.5 million tonnes/year, and self-produced coal will reduce the company ' s cost of raw materials for downstream products and increase its ability to withstand price risks.
In 2020h1, the fine chemical plate generated $730 million, an increase of 150.86 per cent, or 9.72 per cent. The fine chemical is an important part of the company’s integrated industrial chain of coal industry and will increase the value of the entire business chain and the combined use of resources.
Figure 2120h1 and major events in the industry under construction; increased prices of raw materials; substantial drops in product prices; laws governing the production of own coal mines; use of information on legal compliance; independent and objective production of the present report; data and information used in the present report from open information in the market; and myself
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in this report.