- First report on the coverage of energy sources (600989.sh) on 15 July 2020.
Hong Young-dong Research Assistant, West Integrated Coal Chemical Leader, with a competitive advantage in the context of the downside oil price! 15 July 2020
The company is located in the country's sixth-billion-ton coal base, Ningdong Bo Fong Energy (600989.sh), with a total coal mine of 8.1 million tonnes/year (of which 5.1 million tonnes/year have already been produced), and can still be used.
The company relies on high-quality, cheap coal resources for the development of three main product lines, namely, coked products, hydrocarbons and fine chemicals, and currently has 10 million tonnes of coal per year, 4 million tonnes/year of coke, 3.9 million tonnes/year of methanol, 600,000 tonnes/year of polyethylene, 600,000 tonnes/year of polypropylene, 300,000 tonnes/year of kerosene processing, and evaluates low-cost coal.
Materials, excellent management, and the power of installations have become the leading coal-chemical industry in the West, growing rapidly. The wealth of energy has been shown to be relatively deep at 300, and the country is still dependent on imports of polyethylene in 2019, with a high dependence of 39% on imports.
Polypropylene imports are dependent on 13.4%, and acetylene is still highly dependent on imports. The production of acetylene is divided into three routes: oil, gas, and coal, and the Hong East Research Assistant.
Coal-based ethylene accounts for 24%; coal-based acetylene accounts for 25%. Unlike oil-based and gas-based acetylene routes, the fixed cost is higher than the cost of coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons, and therefore the competitive advantage is high in times of high oil prices. At the same time, corporate unit investment is 30% lower than that of similar enterprises, and processing costs are significantly lower.
(cto/ctp) Proficiency is significantly better than methanol-based hydrocarbons, especially when companies have low-cost, self-produced coal resources that contribute more than 60% of the Māori produced under an oil price of less than $40 per barrel. Since the beginning of the year, the country has stepped up its efforts to phase out small-scale, environmentally unfriendly, backward production capacity, and by the end of 2018, China ' s coke production capacity had been reduced to over 60%.
645 million tons, a net reduction of 50 million tons between 2014 and 2018. With both supply-side reforms and recovery in steel production, the profitability of coke has risen, with the price difference between coke and cokering rising from 288 tons in 2015 to 920 tons in 2018.
Since 2020, the international price of oil has fallen by $30 per barrel, and the coal industry as a whole has been under pressure. The company has its own coal resources, low investment in acetylene installations, and low levels of coke.
The strong position and size of the zone makes companies significantly more resilient to risks in a low-price environment than comparable coal-based industries!
In a low oil-price environment, the Western Coalification Enterprise is still competitive: since 2020, oil prices have fallen sharply, and the market is widely perceived to be under pressure in the current oil-price environment.
We believe, however, that the competitiveness gap between the various coal-industrial establishments has widened in a low-price environment, with their own low-cost coal resources, the size of the installations, and the strong competitive advantage of the sector! The company is located in the country's sixth-billion-tonne coal base, the Ningdong coal fields, with a total coal mine of 8.1 million tonnes/year (of which 5.1 million tonnes/year have already been delivered), with a total of 669 million tonnes.
The cost of raw materials is much lower in coal-industrial establishments in the east. The advantage of integrated HC routes is clear. The price of HCs is highly related to oil prices, but in 2019, the country's import dependence on polyvinyl was 39%. Polypropylene imports are 13.4% dependent, and it is still highly dependent on imports. Because of our resource endowment characteristics of “poor oil, low gas, coal-rich” coal, coal-chemicals occupy an important place in the production of HCs.
The cost of coal-chemicals is higher than the cost of fixed installations, while the cost of corporate units is significantly lower than in industry, giving companies a significant advantage over the cost of the industry. In particular, companies have a greater advantage from having their own coal-methanol-vinyl hydrocarbons integration units. Ten years of industrial chain extension, and the leader of the integrated coal-chemical industry is on the rise!
The Ningxio Energy Group, Inc., was established in 2005 in the territory of Ningdong Coal Field, the country's sixth-billionth-grade coal base, and is located in the Ningdong National Energy Chemical Base core area, and is an important part of Ningdong Energy Chemical Base.
The concept, which is based on coal selection, is centred on modern coal-chemicals, which achieves the separation of coal resources, the gradation and the full utilization of coal resources along the technological lines of coal, coke, gas, gas, oil, multi-power cogeneration, and which form a more complete chain of industrial coal-chemical cycles, the typical example of the coal-based co-generation economy model. Companies rely on local coal resources to build large-scale coke production bases, while processing coker oils, crude benzenes, and producing modified asphalt, industrial naphthalenes, sorghum oils, etc.
And pure benzene, molten benzene, etc.: In 2013, the company acquired the same control flag, with the main industry being carved gas methanol: in 2014, the company's mto plant invested in the conversion of all methanol products into polyolefins, and the industrial chain extended further: in 2016, c4 deep-processing projects were put into production, resulting in finely refined products such as mtbe, 1-butylene. To date, the company has developed into a national concentration of the three product lines of concentrated, integrated coal-chemicals.
The company currently has three main product lines, namely, coked products, acetylene products and fine-chemicals, all of which are based on coal resources. (1) The industry chain for the production of broths: boiler gas + gas gas hydrazole polyethylene, polypropylene.
(2) Caramel product industrial chain: original coal and coal and coke (3) fine industrial chain: kerosene, crude benzene, carbon and fine chemical products, with the company ' s carbon dioxide (CO2) project in October 2019 (CO2-0.6 million tonnes/year) and carbon gasification 2.2 million tonnes/year methanol in May 2020
Ten thousand tonnes/year polyethylene, 600,000 tonnes/year polypropylene, 300,000 tonnes/year kerosene processing, 100,000 tonnes/year crude-benzene processing, 200,000 tonnes/year carbon-four processing, 90,000 tonnes/year carbon four isomers, and accompanying power stations, sewage treatment, and logistics transport facilities.
The company's coal-based CyCO II project, the Cycocarbon gasification 600,000 tonnes/year FyC project (subsequently) Methanol 600,000 tonnes/year FyC devices were put into production in October 2019, and the company's polyethylene and polypropene production capacity doubled to 1.2 million tonnes/year, with a marked increase in market occupancy. 2. The company's first set of three-stage coal-based CyCylene project, the 500,000 tonnes/year Coal CyCylene Project, was approved by the Ningxia Development Reform Commission in January 2020.
3. The design of the 2.4 million tonnes/year Red Four coal mine, approved by the National Development Reform Commission and largely completed, is in the process of processing, for example, an annual report on mining licences dated 13/197 in 2019 4. The pilot project to marketize the 90mwp distribution of power generation in the Ningdong energy source has been completed, generating about 150 million kwh/years of electricity and saving half of the cost of electricity as compared to the out-sourcing of electricity.The company will further highlight its competitive cost advantage as it further improves its own coal mining capacity and the accompanying power supply system.
Figure 2 The structure of the company ' s industrial chain, according to the company ' s latest annual report of 2019, achieved business income of 13,568 million yuan in 2019, an increase of 3.95 per cent in the same year and a net return to the mother of 3.8 billion yuan, an increase of 2.88 per cent in the same year. In 2017, after a high growth rate of more than 50 per cent in the net return to the company ' s revenue and the net return to the mother of the company, respectively, in 2018-2019, under the overall international oil prices
In 2019, in particular, the firm managed to achieve three consecutive years of positive growth in net profits from the start-up and repatriation through measures such as higher rates of operation and lower costs. In the first quarter of 2020, as a result of an outbreak and a sharp fall in oil prices, the company increased 13.01% over the same period, but net profits fell by 20.74% over the same period.
The company’s main business is clear, mainly in the form of coked products, but also in the form of yetocarbons, and finely fine chemical products. In terms of income and Maori, the total share of the products is close to 90% of the company’s total revenue and in the form of polymetallics. As the company’s ability to produce vinylated hydrocarbons has gradually increased, the share of the products is close to 50%.
Figure 7 Māori rates and net interest rates (%) highlights the advantages of integrated HFO routes! First, polyvinylene is highly import-dependent and the self-sufficiency rate of polypropylene is gradually increasing!
The company has the highest share of its operating income, namely, polyethylene and polypropylene. Polyethylene (pe) and polypropylene (pp) are the two most important plastic feedstocks in engineering. They are plastic materials made from ethylene and acrylic polymers. They are widely used in different areas because of differences in heat resistance, rigidity, durability. From the supply and demand structure of polyethylene, according to the National Statistical Office, in 2019, the production of polyethylene (pe) was 17,650,000 tons, an increase of 11.2 per cent, and imports.
For polypropylene, in 2019, we produced 2,249 tons of polypropylene, imported 3.49 million tons, and imported 13.4 per cent. Overall, we remain highly dependent on imports, while polypropylene import dependence has declined from 30 per cent in 2010 to 13.4 per cent, and self-sufficiency has increased. For polypropylene, in addition to the emergence of coal-based acetylene, especially coal-based acetylene production, it is close to increasing production capacity in our country.
The rapid development of the propane dehydration process (pdh) over the years has also been another boost to the growth of polypropylene production in our country. As a result, at present, polypropylene is much less dependent than polyethylene.
The upstream raw materials for polyethylene and polypropylene are ethylene and apropylene, respectively, which are important industrial materials and are of great importance in the overall chemical production, and are predominantly ethylene and polypropylene downstream (with a ratio of about 60 per cent), in addition to which ethylene downstream includes ethylene, ethylene oxide, styrene and polyvinylene, among others; and ethylene downstream, including ethylene, acrylene, octabutyl, isol, etc.
Figure 11 ethylene downstream (%) According to our supply and demand structure for ethylene and acetylene, according to data from the National Statistical Office and the General Customs Service, in 2019 ethylene production increased by 205.2 million tons, from 11 per cent in the same year, ethylene imports by 2.51 million tons and import dependence by 10.9 per cent; in 2019, our production of acetylene increased by 3.12 million tons, from 9.1 per cent in the same year to 3.130,000 tons in the same year.
As a whole, ethylene and acrylic production are largely self-sufficient and dependent on imports. Second, the oil-poor gas structure highlights the importance of coal-based yety hydrocarbons, although we can be self-sufficient as a whole from the point of view of their production.
According to bp energy, in 2019 coal consumption reached 58% of our primary energy consumption, while oil (20%) + natural gas (8%) together accounted for only 28%. By contrast, oil + natural gas consumption on a global average reached 57.3% of its primary energy consumption, double that of the country.
The differences in resource endowments have made the coal industry an important way of producing chemicals in our country, and the development from the early coal-based methanol to the coal-based methanol acetylene has become an important way to fill the gaps in my national production of polyethylene and polypropylene.
Oil-based hydrocarbons: including vapour fission and catalytic fission, which is based on quartz oil, mainly ethylene, acetylene; catalytic fission, based on heavy oil, mainly gasoline, diesel, and by-product small amounts of acetylene. 2) Coal-based methanol: Coal-based methanol hydrocarbons can also be divided into coal-based hydrocarbons (cto.ctp) and methanol-based hydrocarbons (mto.mtp) according to process lengths
The difference between cto(mto) and ctp (mtp) is that cto(mto) combines the production of ethylene and acrylate, whereas ctp (mtp) mainly produces ethylene and acrylic acetylene, while ctp (mtp) mainly produces ethylene: by ethane, propane cracking to ethylene and acetylene, air-based hydrocarbons are less expensive, but raw materials are highly dependent on imports.
Oil-based and gas-based hydrocarbon routes dominate the world. In our country, the share of oil-based hydrocarbons in production is also more than 50%. But, on the one hand, as the technology matures and the scale of the installations increases, and on the other hand, coal-rich coal resources, coal-based hydrocarbons become important complementary production methods. At present, the ethylene-based ethylene process is relatively low in our country, while the production of propane-based acrylic (pdh) is increasing.
By the end of 2019, we had a capacity of 30.3 million tons of ethylene. In ethylene production, the share of oil-based ethylene (steam fission, catalytic fission) reached 76 per cent, while the share of coal-based ethylene (cto, mto) was 24 per cent; in acrylic production, 4,0.37 million tons, and in acrylate production, 61 per cent, the share of oil-based ethylene (pdh) was 14 per cent, and the total share of coal-based acrylic (cto/ctp, mto/mtp) was 25 per cent.
There are different cost structures for different production routes, depending on the cost of raw materials, production processes, installation investments, and processing. According to the company ' s share statement, the total cost of raw materials is more than 70% of the production cost of the cto/ctp route, as the cto/ctp technical route involves coal-based methanol devices, and the unit investment is high.
Since oil-based hydrocarbons dominate the world, they are highly correlated with crude oil and quartz oil prices. According to our statistics, the original oil price-to-ethylene price coefficient is 0.61 and acrylic price coefficient is 0.95. For coal-based hydrocarbons, there is also a price for crude oil because crude oil is the mother of bulk commodities and there is an alternative effect between coal and crude oil.
But domestic coal prices are less relevant to international coal prices because domestic coal as a whole is mainly a COA price, and import quotas have been limited since 2017. Since 2013, the price of domestic powered coal futures and international oil prices have been 0.49. The price of methanol as a raw material for methanol is influenced both by coal prices and by crude oil prices.
The corresponding coefficient is 0.6. Because the price of acetylene is highly correlated with oil prices, and the cost of a coal-based line, especially the cto/ctp route, is lower for raw materials, the profitability of different technical routes varies in different oil price environments. Overall, the cost advantage of a coal-based line is more pronounced in the case of high oil prices.
Depending on the material balance, we take the cto processing fee of $3400 per ton, the ctp processing fee of $3050 per ton, and the oil-based hydrocarbon of $800 per ton, and we find that the cto and ctp routes are more profitable than oil-based hydrocarbons when the price of oil is over $60 per barrel. In the range of $40 to $60 per barrel, they are equally profitable.
When oil prices fell by $40/bp, the profitability of oil-based hydrocarbons was significantly better than that of coal-based hydrocarbons. And, by contrast, the cto and ctp routes and the mto/mtp routes, because coal-based hydrocarbons contained profits from both the coal-based methanol-methanol-methanol-based acrylic hydrocarbons, overall, the cto/ctp routes were more profitable than mto/mtp. Therefore, the mto/mtp routes are mainly concentrated in terms of the geographical distribution of the country's coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons routes.
In the eastern region, because it is close to downstream, this may partly eliminate the problem of lower profitability due to short production processes cto/ctp routes, by reducing freight costs and producing more types of downstream products.
Since 2020, the global demand for crude oil has weakened as a result of the new coronary virus pneumonia. At the same time, agreement has been reached in the last two years on further deepening of the cutback through a joint production cut plus at the latest OPC+ conference, followed by a waiver by Saudi Arabia as the main production reduction force of OPC+.
Since March 2020, international oil prices have fallen by $30/bp, which has directly contributed to a sharp fall in the price of acrylic products, posing a significant challenge to the profitability of coal-based kerosene routes. But it is worth noting that, while the coal-based cto/ctp route has a relatively low cost of raw materials, it is the coal resources that are available to companies that buy coal more than those that buy coal from abroad.
For enterprises with coal resources, the profits of the entire production process consist of three components: the profits from coal mining + the profits from coal-based methanol + ma. For companies, the company is located at the Ning Shaningdong Energy Chemical Base, located in China’s energy-chemical gold triangle (Ning Shaningdong, Xiaoxi Lam, Inner Mongolia Ordos), where it accounts for 18.1% of the country’s total identified coal resources; the area containing coal in the region accounts for about 65% of the total area of the region; the coal layer is large and the geological structure is simple.
The company has a total of around 5.1 million tons of coal per year, accounting for about 50% of the company ' s coal use.
From the company’s own production of coal, the company produces about one third of the coal and gas-rich coal, and the share of coal and refined coal is approximately 1:1. The company’s own production cost averages $131 per ton, which is a clear advantage for the company’s own production of coal compared to the external purchase of coal (the primary to refined coal-weighted average). Especially since the coal supply side reform in 2017, domestic coal prices have been high, with the company’s own production of coal being about $400 per ton.
In cases where the cost advantage of own coal resources is apparent, because of the higher fixed cost in cto production, the depreciation of plant equipment is higher. The unit investment has a greater impact on the company ' s production costs. The difference between sizes, process routes, and time-to-time production devices is greater. The company invested a total of $15.3 billion in the production of 2.6 million tonnes of acrylic hydrocarbons for a total investment of $25,500. The fixed cost of depreciation of equipment is approximately $1,700 per ton for 15 years of depreciation.
Other cto route equipment facilities investment averaged approximately $33,000/t, and depreciation was equivalent to a fixed cost of approximately $2,200/t, so as to depreciate, the company and the other public divisions were to save about $500/t. Through a profit analysis of the company ' s calendar years, we assumed that all of the company ' s raw materials were produced from self-produced coal, breaking down the company ' s profits from the industry ' s aromatic hydrocarbon business into three parts: coal mining.
Profit (outsourcing of coal-origin coal), methanol processing (outsourcing of methanol to produce methanol-coal mining), methanol-vinyl hydrocarbons (outsourcing of HFO-production cost-coal mining for profit-methanol). Due to the fact that about 50% of corporate coal requires out-purchase, some out-sourcing of methanol, the company actually earns less than 1 ton of HFOs, split by the company ' s entire coal, methanol production and self-distribution, and until 2017 coal mining, coal-based methanol and methanol all account for the entire profit.
Since the fall in national oil prices has led to lower prices for acrylic hydrocarbons and methanol, while coal prices have been less affected, thus significantly affecting the profitability of the coal-based methanol chain. Coal mining has already accounted for more than 60% of the profits from the production of acrylic hydrocarbons.
Figure 26 Profiting of the production chain of AFOs (in yuan/tons) Reform of the coke supply side with the new infrastructure, and the west front line with sound profits! First, the coke side with better industry!
Coal is produced by a series of processes, such as high-temperature distillation, which consumes approximately 1.3 to 1.4 tons of coal, which can be used both as a heater, reductor, carbon leaching agent, and as a skeletal support, mainly in the fields of high furnaces, sculpting, iron alloying and non-ferrous metal smelting, and in the fields of electro-stone production, gasification and synthetic chemistry.
Charcoal production has expanded significantly since 2001, reaching an all-time high of 692 million tons in 2015 and a net annual combined growth rate of 50 million tons in 2001-2014, including about 550 million tons in metallurgical coke.
In terms of coke production, in 2015, coke production reached an all-time high of 692 million tons, and coke production reached an all-time high of 480 million tons. Since then, with the impact of coke production and weak downstream demand, Chinese coke production has remained at around 440 million tons.
By 7.5%, the highest rate of increase in the last three years, according to the regional distribution of coke production, the country’s coke production capacity is concentrated mainly in the eastern regions of North and East China. In 2018, North China produced the largest proportion of coke, at 40.85%; then East China, at 19.04%; and North West, at 16.29%.
In the context of the overall excess capacity and environmental stress, policies are being put in place in all regions to phase out backward capacity. According to the “1350 million tons” development plan, there are still at least 10 million tons of capacity out between 2019 and 2020, especially in the provinces of Hebei and Shanxi, where production capacity is relatively high and environmental stress is high.
In 2017, as a result of tighter environmental regulations and the capacity of the burnt plant itself, the rate of start-up has declined significantly. By region, the rate of start-up in the regions of Huadong, China North, and Southwest, where coke production is more concentrated, is significantly lower than in the northeast, China, and China.
Central and north-west. In terms of the size of the capacity, independent coke plants with more than 2 million tons of capacity are operating at a rate higher than those capable of producing less than 2 million tons of capacity. And, in 2019, the division increased.
Figure 30 The rate of start-up of independent cokering plants in sub-areas (%). As in the case of companies, there are only 23 of them with more than 4 million tons. The company has a significant advantage in size! Second, new infrastructure or a new driver!
The profitability of coke is much more correlated with the view of the downstream steel industry, given that the main downstream of coke is steel. Our crude steel production has been growing at a rate of more than 5% since 2017. Our steel production has increased significantly since 2018, with a cumulative increase of 10% in 2019. In 2020, with the recovery of the downstream steel, the price difference between coke and coal refined has been rising steadily since 2017.
In 2018, 920 yuan per ton. In 2019, the price difference fell somewhat, but remained as high as 700 yuan per ton, as a result of the high growth in coke production. Since 2020, the average price difference has fallen slightly to $600 per ton, but is gradually recovering as the epidemic is contained.
Our economy faces the challenges and opportunities of structural economic transformation in the face of the uncertainties created by the domestic epidemic and its continuous escalation abroad. In the post-reform and open economic development, traditional infrastructure has made an important contribution to boosting our economic growth, and there are some areas where there is a growing risk of excess productive resources, inefficient investment, and excessive leverage to match the country’s next strategic economic transformational development goals.
It is expected that the new infrastructure will now advance together with the traditional infrastructure, and that the resonance will lead to steady economic growth. The new infrastructure, mainly a new infrastructure represented by 5g, artificial intelligence, industrial Internet, and physical networking, is essentially a digital infrastructure.
The tubes are different from the traditional infrastructure, but we believe that the new infrastructure will continue to drive demand for related industrial goods and benefit from steel demand.
In terms of Māori rates, the Māori rate for corporate coke operations has continued to rise since 2015, with the Māori rate for corporate coke having been above 40% in 2017-2019, while the Māori rate for similar listed companies is only around 10%.
In May 2020, according to the company, 2.2 million tons of methanol were produced. Meanwhile, the design capacity of the 2.4 million tons/year red coal mine was approved by the National Development Reform Commission and largely completed.
For the company’s main product, we believe that in 2020, the price of polyethylene and polypropylene will go down significantly under pressure from a significant drop in oil prices. The coke industry will be under less pressure from oil prices. The price of the new crown virus will rise again in 2021 and 2022.
At that time, other companies forecast that the impact of a large downside in oil prices will not be considered. And companies’ profitability is stronger when oil prices fall sharply than in the same industry.
Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and seven years of experience in the management of the China Chemical Group. In March 2015, China formally joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre to carry out research in the chemical industry.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is provided only to the specific client mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is publicly produced by a publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, or the securities or investments referred to in this report.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.