Deep Series III: Identification of the Treasures, re-discussion of the Cost Advantages & Periodic Growth of the Treasure Energy (600989.sh) 27/08/2020
• Having a coal mine advantage & able to expand robustly, enabling cycle growth attributes, and maintaining a "buy-in" rating, we analyze the cost-effective and expansionary growth of bountiful energy through a self-owned coal mine perspective and a production capacity-released rhythm perspective, and as a defined, performing growth unit, we maintain corporate profitability projections.
. ..the coal mine in Ningxia contributes half of the profits from the coker plate, while the cost of the coal self-contained acrylic acrylic acelers in the interior still leaves room for decline. Coal contributes about half of the profits from the coal plate: company-owned coal is mainly about a third of the coal, and the product is mainly non-marked as near level 2 and below, and the coke self-sufficiency rate is close to 60% for the last two years, at 2019 prices, taken together.
The co-cleaning price is approximately $264 per ton, and the extra-coal purchase price is about $716 per ton in the same year, calculated at 2.75 million tons of fine coal, and the company's coal component contributes $1.25 billion, while the coke plate totals $2.44 billion, and self-produced coal contributes about half of the profits.
The annual cost of catalysts, man-made, etc., is assumed to be 2858-3045 yuan/ton. In 2016-2019, the lack of full alignment of methanol with the release rhythm of the company ' s capacity resulted in an unstable self-sufficiency rate of methanol, and the price of extra methanol with the original coal was volatile, with the cost of tons of n-a-cylene, respectively.
3869/4253/4630/4376, both higher than the interior, reflects the low-cost advantages and resilience of the interior. Production has led to an increase in the self-sufficiency of raw materials throughout the year; performance contribution in 2022 is derived from the impact of the second three million tons of coke strike, and cost advantage & capacity continues.
Half a year after production; in 2025, the contribution was from a full year of production of 4 million. A conservative estimate of the project’s annual post-natalization performance amounted to $19.3 billion: $7,000/ton tax price of the hydrocarbon.
Mine licence, increased self-sufficiency of coal consolidated low 1 and cost advantage: Ningdong & Inner Mon own coal pulls low cost of coke & HC 1.1, coal self-sufficiency for coke is about 60%, with significant reduction effect
The company is located in the Ningdong National Energy Chemical Base, one of the “Golden Triangles” of China's energy industry, where coal resources are abundant and Ningxia's coal reserves are the sixth largest in the country, with 85 per cent of the Ningdong base, the company being the “Pocket Factory”, building 14,000 acres of circular economic estates based on the wealth of local coal resources.
Ningxia currently has 7.5 million tons of coal production capacity: the company’s main business is coke and polyolefin hydrocarbons, and the stability of coal supply has a significant impact on the cost of the product, and therefore public consumption.
With the active use of its rich local coal resources, the Division has completed the construction of three indigenous coal mines, 3.6 million tons/year, 1.5 million tons/year, and 2.4 million tons/year, July 2020, respectively. Ningxia is still building 1.5 million tons of coal mineral energy: the company has planned the joint opening of the Ding's Liangi fields with the sweet water river fields.
The project, the Master Plan (revision) for mines in the city, was completed and reviewed by the Ningxia Autonomous District Development and the Environmental Impact Report for mines in the city was commissioned and is expected to be produced in mid-2023, contributing about 1.5 million tonnes/year of capacity.
The NAC project was approved by the people ' s government of the city of Ordos in June 2020 and included in the Master Plan for the Construction of a Model Area for the Modern Coal Industry Industry in the city of Ordos and received in August from the Inner Mongolia Flag Development and Reform Committee of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region for the Development and Reform of New Coal-based Materials in Inner Mongolia Ltd. 4 x 1 million tonnes/year
The company is actively applying for a package of coal indicators, and an initial plan is expected to obtain 20 million tons of coal production plans, such as a base-based match of 4 million tons of acetylene. Local coal resources are encouraged to develop coal-chemicals downstream, and the company has already listed 4 million.
In Ordos, the 13th and 14th schemes provide strong support for access to complementary coal resources. By gaining ownership of the coal mine, companies have ensured the stability of the coal supply and compressed production costs from the raw material end.
Ningxia's home-grown coal is mainly used for cokering, with a self-sufficiency rate of nearly 60%. The company's own-produced coal is now mainly about a third of the coal, and the primary coal production around Sinokawa is relatively low. As a result, the raw materials of the company's cokering plant are mainly about a third of the coal, with a suitable quantity of coal, gas, coal, small quantities of primary coal, and thin coal.
Low grade, mainly non-marked sub-scales. Because the company's coal resources are concentrated in Ningxia, the quality of coal is closer to the mining conditions, and by going back on the historical washing rate of the Mallian and Four Springs coal mines, it is assumed that the washing rate of the red four coal mines and the sorghum mine is also being measured at the same level as that of the company.
The annual coal self-sufficiency rate is close to 60 per cent, assuming: 1.5 million tons of D. D. sorghum project was launched in mid-2022; 20 million tons of delta project was launched in mid-2024; 3 million tons of coke project II was launched in q4 in 2021; 90 per cent of coal mineral availability was maintained, 60 per cent of fine-coal washing was maintained, and coke was started
As a result of the company’s integration of coal, the higher self-sufficiency of coal has reduced the cost of raw materials for coal. From the point of view of the coal mine profits, the company’s mining prices are about $90/tonne/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/n/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t
The cost of the combined clean-up is approximately 264 yuan/tonne, and the price of extra-purchased coal is about 716 yuan/tonne in the same year, calculated at 2.75 million tons of refined coal, and the company's coal component contributes 1.25 billion yuan, while the total cost of coke plates is 2.44 billion yuan, and self-produced coal contributes about half of the profit.
Coal prices are reasonable assumptions based on market prices. Companies produce non-corlarized, low-cost, low-cost contributions of high Maori: US-coastal energy in a concentrated business has a total of 5.4 million tons of coal mine resources, with a total of approximately 32% or more of the total coal self-sufficiency rate.
The cost of coke can be compared to tons: tons of coke are sold at a lower price and cost than United States dollars, but low prices have led to a significantly higher Māori rate than US energy, mainly because of the fact that the raw materials of the BMW are predominantly a third of the coal, with lower levels of coke produced.
The main non-marked coke is near-secondary and below, while the main coal is relatively rich and the main coal is concentrated, and most of the coke produced is high grade secondary and semi-grade. The price of the company ' s coke is relatively low because of the difference in the grade of coke, but the price of the coal used is lower than that of Shanxi ' s beauty in terms of both price and cost.
In order to ensure a stable supply of coal, companies have established long-term coals with large coal companies around Shandong Energy, Shunhuaning Coal, the Shunhua Sea, etc.
Co-operative relationships to ensure a stable supply and price of coal. We compare the knobs for the production of coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons with an average price of 230/358/371 per ton for ex-coal in 2016-2018 and 237/359/360/ton for the knobs, which are roughly equal prices and do not dominate companies in part of the cost of coal in raw materials.
The company Ningxia Coal has a significant cost advantage. The cost of the Bo Fung energy and the Ton of the Sorbonne 2016-2018 are $453 and $6046, respectively, and the Ton of the Sorbonne energy is $1542.
Advantages. Of this amount, $485 comes from the co-production of methanol by the fireplace gas; $259 comes from labour costs; $997 comes from depreciation and amortization, and the rest of the cost items are $199 more than the Godly bag.
Figure 6: Cost components of Tonylene Hydrocarbons for Boatu Energy (in yuan) Figure 7: Cost components of Hmeibutane Hydrocarbons (in yuan) Approved by the People ' s Government of Ordos on a monthly basis to be included in the General Model Area for the Construction of a Modern Coalized Industry in the City of Ordos
Plan, which encourages local coal resources to develop coal-chemicals downstream. The company '10,35' and '145' schemes in Eldos, which are calculated at 5 tons of single ton of coal, match 4 million tons of acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic production capacity of 20 million tons of acrylic acrylic coal.
The base lacks the advantage of boiler exhaust methanol, but the Inner Mon base circumvents the cost effects of price fluctuations for raw materials acquired from abroad, on the one hand, and on the other: the mining costs are more favourable due to the shallow depth of the mine at the Inner Mon base, assuming that the cost of mining within reasonable areas is between 110 and 150 yuan.
Sensitivity based on 2019 catalyst costs, labour costs, depreciation costs, and power costs The cost of the inner moon base amounted to $2858-3045 per ton. In 2016-2019 there was a volatility in the self-sufficiency rate of methanol due to the incomplete alignment of the company ' s methanol with its capacity to release it and the price of extra methanol with the original coal.
The grids are also volatile, with a cost of $3869/4253/4630/4376 per ton, which is higher than that of the Inner Moon Base, which represents the low-cost advantage of the Inner Mon project and a better anti-market price volatility risk.
The narrative discloses data that, according to the 2019 annual report, the “15.52 per cent decline in the price of methanol out of 2019 compared to the year in 2018” is based on a 2019 methanol price assumption of 2 cyclical growth: new production is invested year by year, with higher barriers in the industry
The company is in the process of releasing its capacity for the next five years. According to the company's semi-annual report, the construction of the second period of 3 million tons of coke began about 18 months, in May 2020, and is expected to start production in the second half of 2021; the work on the tri- and 1 million tons of acetylene is expected to start in August 2020 for about 28 months; and the production of 4 million tons of acetylene is expected to start by the end of 2022.
Construction is expected to start in mid-2024, and four production lines will be built simultaneously. By that time, the public sector will have generated 6.2 million tons of acrylic hydrocarbons and 7 million tons of coke.
2.4 million tons of ol and red coal mines were put into production throughout the year, resulting in an increase in the self-sufficiency of raw materials; performance contribution in 2022 came from the production of 3 million tons of coke in the second phase; performance contribution in 2023 came from the production of 3 million tons of hydrocarbons; performance in 2024 came from the production of 4 million tons of vinyl hydrocarbons in the second half of the year; and performance in 2025 came from the production of 4 million tons of vinyl hydrocarbons in the inner stage.
Conservative prices and start-up rates assume a tax rate of $7,000 per ton (currently $7,400 per ton) and a 100% start-up rate (a 110% actual start in recent years).
11.2 billion net, 7 million tons of coke in Ningxia contributed 3 billion net, and in 2024 the projects were completely put into the post-partum process, with a combined annualized profit of 18.7 billion yuan for both the hydrocarbons and coke plates, which are expected to reach 19.3 billion yuan annually, taking into account such operations as fine-chemists, photovoltaics and hydrogen plants.
The company has a relatively high capacity for self-breeding and a good cash flow. The current cash flow of the company, together with bank bonds, accounted for $5.5 billion in net operating cash flows in 2019 and $3.1 billion in the first half of 2020.
Assumptions, amounting to about 3 billion dollars of capital spending per year, plus about 2 billion cents of red money, can cover almost all of its own cash. If the project is opened, the total investment is expected to be 60 billion dollars, increasing capital spending by about 10 billion dollars per year. According to corporate announcements, the way in which the company is financing its new project is first selected for its own funds, bank borrowing, and for the time being, equity financing is not considered.
2.2 Policy & Feedstock & Finance, High Competing Barriers at many thresholds The coal-based industry has a strong non-reproducible character, and we believe that there are several main thresholds: 1) Policy threshold: In December 2015, the Ministry of the Environment issued Environmental Access Conditions for Modern Coal Industry Construction Projects.
(on a trial basis) which imposes strict and specific requirements for site selection, project technology and construction, water conservation measures, waste disposal and environmental monitoring, and for new, modified, expanded modern coal industry projects that do not meet the conditions for access, environmental protection authorities at all levels may not approve the environmental impact of the project
Evaluation document. In March 2017, the National Development Commission and the Ministry of Industry and Communications published the Innovative Development Programme for the Modern Coal Industry, which requires single-series installations with an annual capacity of 500,000 tonnes and above, with an overall efficiency of more than 44%, and a combined energy consumption of less than 2.8 tonnes of coal per unit of hydrocarbon products (based on the production of coal-based hydrocarbons)
The energy consumption limit (gb30180) is calculated by using less than 16 tons of fresh water. The above provisions have made it more difficult to approve coal-based hydrocarbon projects and increased the process, energy and environmental requirements of the coal-based hydrocarbon projects, which have significantly increased the industry ' s administrative entry threshold.
2) Financial threshold: Coal-based hydrocarbons are more expensive to invest in companies, creating higher financial barriers. Industry usually produces more than 10 billion yuan in the production capacity of completed coal-based hydrocarbon projects, usually 600,000 tonnes/year and above.
Regulatory controls, which also cost about 10 billion at lower investment costs, have a high financial threshold. 3) Raw material threshold: coal is the main feedstock for coal-based hydrocarbons, and in order to safeguard the supply of coal and avoid the impact of fluctuations in coal prices on the cost of raw materials, coal-based production enterprises generally need to extend their involvement upstream into the industrial chain.
Coal mining, or the involvement of large coal companies in the production of coal-based yetene hydrocarbons, has high barriers to the protection of raw materials. The need to manage own coal mines also increases the difficulty of other enterprises that do not have the capacity to manage coal production.
4) Technical threshold: The technology route for coal-based acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic accelerates is now mainly based on the dmto technical route of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, but there are still high technical thresholds due to the complexity of the equipment and the high demand for system engineering experience.
(a) Cost projections for coke: through historical data, we are based on the following assumptions: (a) 1.5 million tons of thorium coal mine was launched in mid-2023 and contributed 750,000 tons in the same year; and (b) 3 million tons of q4 in 2021 and 750,000 tons in the same year;
The company ' s coal mines are in Ningxia and the geological conditions are less variable, assuming that the rate of new mine washing will be 60 per cent; 4) assuming 90 per cent of coal mineral capacity, the same as in 2019; 5) assuming that the company ' s refined coal monomer consumption will be reduced to 1.33 in 2020 and maintained until 2025;
6) Assuming that the cost of home-made fine coal, other ton costs, labour costs, manufacturing costs are an average of 264 yuan per ton for 2016-2018, 38 yuan per ton, 27 yuan per ton, 63 yuan per ton, 7) assuming that the price of fine coal will fall in 2020 under pressure as a result of the epidemic, demand will recover from the increase in coal prices in 2021,
The downward trend in coal prices after 2022 assumes that the cost of extraceramic coal tons for 2020-2025 is a forecast of the cost of acetic hydrocarbons: through historical data, we assume that 1 million tonnes of acrylic hydrocarbons will be produced in three lifetimes, based on the following assumptions: 1)
2) assuming a single consumption of 2.9, 1.62, and up to 2025 in 2020; 3) assuming that one ton of coke produces 275 flaring gas, 1,800 flaring gas generates 1 ton of methanol, and one ton of flaring furnaces The internal settlement cost of gas is 0.3 yuan;
4) Tons of fuel and catalyst costs, labour costs, depreciated amortization costs, power costs, other costs, etc.) Assuming that the original coal price will fall in 2020 as a result of the epidemic, demand will recover from the increase in coal prices in 2021, and lower coal prices after 2022, assuming the outward purchase of the original coal in 2020-2025
Price pressure, assuming a warming demand-driven price increase in 2021, but the subsequent production of methanol 6) assumes a self-produced coal cost of $130 per tonne at the Inner Moon Base; 1) assumes a small return in coke prices from 2021 due to a small drop in the price of coke affected by the epidemic in 2020
We analyze the growth of the cost advantage of the rich energy from the point of view of the coal mine and the energy release pace, and, as a positive and excellent growth share, we maintain corporate profitability forecasts, and the prices of products fall. Companies are in the coal industry, mainly in the production and marketing of modern coal products.
The prices of the company’s main products are influenced by macroeconomy, changes in the balance of supply and demand in the domestic market, fluctuations in oil and coal prices, and fluctuations in demand in downstream markets.
The company's main raw materials are coal, coke, and methanol. The company secures the supply of raw materials through its own production and outsourcing, and in the future, with the company's three-month period of 1 million tonnes/year of brocane and two-year period of 3 million tons of coke.
If the price of raw materials fluctuates significantly, it may have a certain impact on the Māori rate of the company’s modern coal industry products, resulting in uncertainty about the company’s profitability, which in turn leads to fluctuations in the company’s overall performance.
4 million tonnes/year polyolefin project, which will be profitable to the company if the production capacity is not as high as expected