Coal-based acetylene poles, comficiation is worth noting.                                                                                                                                                                   ,
The Ningdong base is one of China’s most important coal bases. With its natural geographical advantages, based on coal selection and centred on modern coal-chemicals, companies have achieved the separation, gradation, and full utilization of coal resources and become modern coal-chemical representative companies.
The Ningdong base is very powerful, and the cost of coal is very high. The Ningdong energy engineering base is located in the heart of China’s energy-generating chemical-chemical triangle (Ning Sha Ningdong, Shaanxi Lam, Inner Mongolia Ordos). Coal is rich, and by the end of 2019, the company owned the Mallean Tower, the Four Springs, the Ding Jia Leung, and Red.
Four coal-coal mines, including four. Coal-producing mines total 5.1 million tons, or 3.6 million tons/year, respectively, of the Marlene table coal mine and 1.5 million tons/year of the four spring coal mine. Coal-mining can be built at 3 million tons, or 600,000 tons/year, or 600,000 tons/year, or 200,000 tons/year, or 2.4 million tons/year, or the Red Four, or both.
In November 2018, they obtained a reply from the General Directorate of the National Energy Agency to a letter (Ningxia Red Shilling) on the coal-mine conversion programme (Ningxia Couch letter No. [2018] 456) and are expected to reach 2020.
Coal is a model for the clean and efficient use of coal resources and a powerful means of reducing dependence on oil, in line with national strategies and economic benefits.
The industry is expected to recover from the warming demand for centrifugation. The iron and steel sector is the most important downstream application of coke, with about 85% of the coke being applied to the steel sector, where recovery is expected to lead.
The flaring industry is warming, and the company’s flaring business has a cost advantage and is expected to yield excess gains in the process of regressing the flaring. Converted to profit, the scalding industry and the flaring industry recovered their profitability, covering for the first time, and awarded “buy”
The company was established in 2005 in the heart of the Ningdong Energy Chemical Base, which was placed on the market in May 19.19 The Itoning East Coal Field, based on coal selection, is centred on modern coal-chemicals and is based on the separation and division of coal resources.
In December 2019, the company was selected for the 180th and 300th index components. In the same month, the company was selected for Fulfill.
1.1. A high proportion of real controlling shareholders in a company is held by the Treasure Group, which holds 36.02% of the shares in a listed company.
The scope of business includes investment and management of energy, real estate, commerce, industry, precious metals, and equity, ranked first three in Ningxia's tax-paying enterprise. The company actually controls the Party's Yinbao.
The group, which holds 95.59 per cent of the shares of the BP Group, indirectly holds 34.43 per cent of the shares of listed companies, 27.27 per cent of the shares of listed companies through EI International, and 69.23 per cent of the shares of listed companies, both directly and indirectly, are actually in control of the company.
Among other shareholders, conglomerates are firms controlled by family members with close physical control of the person, and the CSIC is the holding platform for the core managers of the Department.
The company is located at Ningdong Energy Research Base, one of China's most important coal bases. With its natural geographical advantage, the company based its coal selection, with modern coal processing at its core, has achieved the division and division of coal resources.
In summarizing the strengths and weaknesses of the companies involved, a modern kerosene route is best suited for themselves. 3.9 million tonnes/year of methanol, 600,000 tonnes/year of polyethylene, 600,000 tonnes/year of polypropylene, 300,000 tonnes/year of kerosene processing, 100,000 USD/year of kerosene processing.
Production capacity of tonnes/year crude benzene with hydrogen, 200,000 tonnes/year carbon with four isomers of 90,000 tonnes/year of carbon with a product chain divided into two product chains, coal-carrying coke and fine-chemistry, gas-based hydrocarbons, with a certain relationship between the product chain.
Figure 2: The company’s products are related. The company has some reserves of coal, but the company’s coal is a high quality of a third of coal, gas and coal, and coal combing is the most appropriate deep processing route. Coal burning produces a large amount of tar and flaring gas, which can both be powered.
At the same time, the development of coal-based hydrocarbon operations at Ningdong Base may be the most cost-effective modern coal-based technology route, considering that gasification technologies require a higher degree of quality and stability in the supply of coal.
Coal coking is the main product of the company’s entrepreneurial phase, but this direction is consistent with the trend towards the transfer of the country’s coker capacity and industrial upgrading, with strong coal cokering in line with the company’s resource advantages and with the policy of aligning the country’s coker industry with the country’s layout. Coal is the most expensive modern coal-chemical technology route, and the company’s development of the industry has a clear backlash.
The company’s coal-based industry is expected to continue to grow at a high rate. Thanks to its excellent cost-control capacity, the company’s Māori rate, net interest rates, and the continued rise in roe, in 2018, the modern coal industry project was more heavily invested, with cash flow and reinvestment capacity based on the company’s revenue base.
Corporate coal is mainly coal-fired 2.1. Coal is the main coal species in China. For a long time, coal use in China has been dominated by coal, which is less coal-rich, such as coal-smoking and smoke-free coal, and is the largest in China.
As the development intensity increases, the supply and demand of coal resources in the north-west of China tightens, the north-west becomes the most important supply centre for coal.
Pyrotechnic coal is the least degenerative type of coal, and it is the youngest type of coal to be coalized at a level that is just above that of lignite. It has a particularly high volatilization fraction, which is famous for its length at the time of combustion. It has a dry, gray-free, volatilization component, is weak, is generally non-focal, is non-coalized, and is used mainly as power and chemical coal.
China’s long-coalbed coal is distributed mainly in Liaoning’s Niang Shan, Tsangxi Province Valley, Kyogi, Jaguar coal fields in Xinjiang, the Ili Basin, etc., and Henan Yima. The coals in the area of the present Kyogi, Cedar Valley, and Ordos are mostly long-fired, 2.2. Ningdong Coal Chemical Base is a rare water-rich coal-chemical base.
The general pattern of coal resource distribution in China is that coal resources and regional economic development, as well as the distribution of water resources in Xinjiang and the transfer of coal out of the provinces, all emphasize the local conversion rate of coal, but the level of economic development and the sources of water resources have been the biggest barriers to local transformation. The four demonstration zones for the modern coal industry that the state has focused on, only Ningdong.
The base’s water resources are relatively secure. While the modern coal industry has a high value added and a long industrial chain compared to traditional coal-chemicals, there is still a need to consider maximizing the local conversion of coal resources with as few water resources as possible for specific parks.
2.3. The advantages of the Ningdong region are evident: Ningdong Energy Chemical Base is located at the heart of China ' s Energy Chemical Engineering Triangle (Ning Shaningdong, Shaanxi Yi Lam, Inner Mongolia Ordos).
The coal resources are abundant. Ningdong Energy Chemical Bases contain 1.4 trillion tons of coal, less than 2,000 m, representing 25.5 per cent of the country's total coal resources; 351.4 billion tons of coal resources have been identified, accounting for 18.1 per cent of the country's total identified coal resources; the area containing coal in the region accounts for about 65 per cent of the region's total area; the coal layer is thick and the geological structure is simple, and the conditions for mining are high.
The base coal mining capacity will reach 140 million tonnes/year in 2020. Ningdong Energy Chemical Base, located on the east bank of the Yellow River, is close to the Yellow River and has already completed a water supply of 800,000 cubic metres/day, with electricity installed at 19 million kilowatt/year.
2.4. The advantages of Bo Fong energy are more evident: it is a major modern coal-chemical enterprise that Ningxia Autonomous Community has focused on supporting. As the development strategy for the western part of the country is advanced, the Ningxia Autonomous Region, the City of Sinakawa, and the Ningdong Energy Chemical Base Management Committee have been launched.
A series of key policy measures to improve the investment climate and accelerate industrial development, with a range of policy support in terms of resources, finance, etc. In addition, companies are in line with the Circular on Deepening the Implementation of the Western Development Strategy on Corporate Income Tax Issues and Ning.
In terms of income tax, the State Revenue Service charges business income tax on incentives in industries located in the western part of the country at a 15% tax rate, and companies are entitled to 15% income tax for the period 2011-2020.
As a result, the combined income tax rate for the Bo Fong energy combined was 13.7 per cent, and the company's income tax rate was clearly among the companies listed in the a-share coke class, without taking into account, for example, Shanxi Jooization and An Thai Group, and as a result of deferred income tax and tax pools, the fiscal support for new energy sources and the modern coal industry was increased with the implementation of the State's 13th Five-Year Plan.
In line with the National Proclamation on the In-depth Implementation of the Western Great Development Strategy on Corporate Income Tax and the Policy on Investment Promotion in the Ningxia Autonomous Region (Revised), the company ' s coal, which is tax-free from taxes on land use for five years, is predominantly coal-fired.
By the end of 2019, the company owned four coal-coal mines, including the Marin Tower, the Four Springs, the Ding Jiaxiang and the Red Four. It produced 5.1 million tons of coal, 3.6 million tons per year of coal-producing coal and 1.5 million tons per year of coal-producing coal.
In November 2018, the National Energy Agency obtained a letter from the General Directorate of the National Energy Agency (NAE) on the programme for the replacement of coal and coal in the Ningxia area (Ningxia Red Ribbon Mine), which is expected to be operational by 2020.
In March 19 the company competed for mining rights in the Sweetwater River mine in the Shattian Autonomous Region, and the project will be further completed. The coal species of the company ' s four coal mines, mainly a third of the coal and gas-fats, are co-fired coal, which can be used to smelt coke, tons of tons. The company ' s coke production capacity is 4 million tons, requiring about 5.6 million tons of fine coal.
Modern coal-chemicals are industries where coal-based production of substitute petrochemical products and clean fuels is carried out by technology and process, mainly coal (methanol)-vinylene, coal-based ethanol, coal (methanol) aromatic hydrocarbons, kerosene, coal-based natural gas and low-level coal pyrolysis.
The company's coal mine resources are dominated by coal-fired coal, but it has been carefully assessed that, while doing a major coal-carrying operation, investing in a coal-based industry chain can be said to have fully realized the regional advantages of Ningdong Coal Industry Base and the company's post-development 3.1.l. Development of a modern coal industry has a stake in energy security and economic development in the west
Our resource endowment for “coal-rich, oil- and gas-rich” determines that the development of modern coal-chemicals is a necessary option for national energy security and sustainable development. Over the last two decades, our total energy consumption as a share of total world energy consumption has been on the rise since 1999.
In 2019, coal was structurally linked to our energy and energy security: China ' s total energy consumption in 2019 was 4.86 billion tons of coal, with coal consumption accounting for 57.7 per cent of total energy consumption, natural gas, hydropower, nuclear power and wind power.
Clean energy consumption, among others, accounts for 23.4% of total energy consumption, with oil and gas contradictions at the centre of China’s energy consumption structure globally. Consumption of oil is the highest in the world, with 33% of energy consumption, followed by natural gas, with 24%, and coal consumption 27%.
Compared to the global cost, there is more coal, less oil, and less gas. Figure 7: China’s energy consumption structure in 2019 has seen a steady increase in domestic crude oil imports and consumption in recent years, and the external dependence of crude oil has been renewed year by year.
In 2019, domestic crude oil production reached 191 million tons, net imports reached 506 million tons, and external dependence reached 72.6%, after major research institutions agreed on the need to take measures to cap China’s external dependence on crude oil at 60%. Oil prices are now relatively low, but with the friction of trade between the US and China, and political instability on the margins of the Middle East, oil prices have grown medium and long.
The development of coal-chemicals will not only effectively reduce the external dependence of oil, but will also facilitate the implementation of our oil-substitution energy strategy. It will also promote economic development in the western part of China, quelling regional imbalances.
In order to curb the blind development of these industries, the State has developed a series of industrial guidance documents. In June 2016, the China Plutochemical Federation issued the “13th Five-Year Guide” to the Development of Modern Coal Industries, which explicitly states:
By 2020, the country is expected to produce 12 million tons of coal-based oil, 20 billion cubic metres of coal-based natural gas, 3.2. Coal-based hydrocarbons are the preferred route.
In accordance with the deployment of the Modern Coal Industry Innovative Development Programme (INDIP) (2017] 553 in Inner Mongolia, Oldos, Xianxi Lin, Ning Xaningdong and Xinjiang are the four demonstration areas of the modern Coal Industry Industry, which are in three of the “Gold Triangle” regions of the energy industry, with national priorities.
The “Gold Triangle” of energy chemicals, centred on Ning Shaningdong, Ordos Inner Mongolia, and Xiaoxi elms, also in the Central West Coal Sea, has gradually formed a cluster of modern coal industries.
The main products of the coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons are ethylene and acetylene, which are also produced in the process of reproducing carbon four, carbon five, and carbon four, mostly through the ocu. ethylene and acrylic are the mothers of chemicals, with a large number of derivatives. For a long time, because the country has not liberalized its refining industry,
In 2019, the world produced 190 million tons of ethylene, mainly from the United States and China. With the release of these ethylene productions, the overall tight supply of ethylene is expected to ease, and the ethylene start-up rate will drop to 89%.
In the future, 2019-2022, new global ethylene production will continue to come mainly from the United States and China, with the United States being the country with the largest new ethylene production capacity, North America having released as much as 20 million tonnes/year by 2023, and China ' s coal- and methanol-based ethylene production will increase by more than 10 million tonnes/year.
Global demand for ethylene was 168 million tons in 2019, and global demand for ethylene is expected to grow robustly, reaching 190 million tons in 2025, and global demand for ethylene is expected to grow by an average of about 3.8 per cent annually, which is 2.6 per cent higher than the global average growth rate of gdp. Demand growth comes mainly from areas of rising consumption, such as North-East Asia, South Asia and the Middle East.
Domestic ethylene production in 2019 amounted to 25329,000 tonnes/year, with a production rate of 205.23 million tonnes, an increase of 11.48% from the previous year. The increase in production and production has been accompanied by a significant gap in the supply and demand of ethylene in China. In recent years, ethylene imports in China have shown an overall growth trend, with ethylene imports in China in 2019 amounting to 2.598 million tonnes.
With a supply gap of about 42 million tons, which requires the import of more than 20 million tons per year through derivatives, the shortage of supplies has not been effectively improved. The domestic ethylene device is dominated by a steam fission device, which accounted for about 79% of the total in 2019.
In 2019, the country imported 1,666.43 million tons of polyethylene, with an import dependency of 49%. Moreover, according to data from the National Statistical Office and the General Customs Administration, the period 2010-2018 gathered together.
The combined growth rate of ethylene is 6.55%, which exceeds the demand growth rate of ethylene. The share of polyethylene in its consumption structure is around 60%, both globally and from our ethylene downstream consumption structure.
The share of ethylene is also around 60% in our ethylene downstream consumption structure. Thus, consumption of ethylene downstream hdpe, ldpe, ldpe is more stable.
The four main areas of consumption downstream of polyethylene are membrane, medium-empty containers, plastics, and tubes, of which membrane consumption accounts for up to 50%. In order to measure polyethylene demand in a multi-dimensional manner, the demand for membrane, medium-empty containers, and tubes is measured first, and the demand for polyethylene is projected from the bottom up.
Common polyethylenes are usually divided into ldpe, ldpe and hdpe, and, due to differences in molecular size, density and bureau and structure, the ratio of consumption varies slightly from one field to another. In general, the main consumption areas for polyethylene are packaging membranes, agricultural membranes, squeezing, plasticization, medium-empty packagings, tube material, lass products and
At the national level, China originally controlled the increase in ethylene production capacity, mainly from China’s petrochemical and Chinese petroleum companies. At present, the ethylene industry in China is open to private capital.
The high profitability of ethylene is extremely attractive, and China is experiencing a new waveline plant investment that is diversified in raw materials, including ethylene, quartz oil, lpg, hydrogen-fracking wax oil, gas oil, etc. Global supply and demand balance. Global production of ethylene in 2018 was 140 million tons, with an increase of about 4.5 per cent; 2010-2017
Global acrylic production and demand are expected to increase at a combined rate of around 4 per cent a year. Global Acrylic production is projected to yield more than 14 million tons between 2018 and 2020, most of which are in China. Global demand for Acrylic reached 110 million tons in 2018 and acrylic demand grew at 4.5 per cent, respectively.
Dehydration and coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons have benefited from a significant drop in Chinese production capacity and have grown rapidly. In 2019, domestic acrylic production was 3.72 million tons, yielding about 29.6 million tons.
Polypropene is one of the most important downstream applications of acrylic, with polyethylene accounting for 70% of domestic demand for ethylene downstream in 2019, and the chemical downstream consumption distribution remains fragmented and almost unchanged. The main areas of consumption of polypropylene in the country are radine, conglomeration, plasticization, film, fibres, etc.., which accounts for 30-40% of the average radish product, mainly for plastic fabrics.
For example, packagings such as food, fertilizer, and cement. Plastic products are the second largest downstream product of polypropylene, including small household appliances, day supplies, toys, washing machines, cars and swing boxes, which account for about 20-25% of consumption. Polypropene membranes are the third largest downstream product, with cpp membranes used mainly for food packaging, and raw materials are mainly cpp-specific and partly common.
Currently, there is insufficient domestic supply of cpp films, with 50-60% import dependency, market gaps and Methanol-based hydrocarbons accounting for about 7%. Currently, the production of polyolefins is diversified and the production process is becoming more numerous.
According to the National Proclamation on the In-depth Implementation of the Western Development Strategy on Corporate Income Tax (Official Gazette No. 12 of 2012 of the Directorate-General of State Taxes) and the Ningxia Autonomous Region (Amendment) Policy on Investment Promotion (No. 97) of the Ningxia Autonomous Community, companies are entitled to income tax and tax concessions free of land use taxes for five years.
Hydrocephalus vapor fission is the cost standard for the polyolefin industry. Since the country’s refining industry has just been liberalized, the cost of pushing back the domestic polyolefin price may be unscientific.
We use industry fair data to reverse the average cost of polyolefins. Unlike the general perception in the market, oil prices are below $40/bpm, and domestic coal-based hydrocarbon projects may not be profitable. For companies, oil prices at $20/bpm are still somewhat profitable.
Based on the disclosure in the offer statement, the company plans to plan for the next five years to build four new sets of acetylene devices, to figure 14: profit-loss balance of coal cost/tonne of coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons at different oil prices, and 3.5. The development of modern coal industry can contribute to regional imbalances
The experience of developed countries has shown that, after a certain stage of economic development, the transfer of industries is accompanied by a two-way gain. For coastal enterprises, some manufacturing industries, especially labour-intensive ones, are directed to the West and Central China.
For the Western region, rapid economic growth, industrial upgrading, and market growth can be fostered and developed through the transfer of industries from the east.
In fact, in the direction of industrial transfer, TNCs are moving ahead. For example, Basif no longer seeks to expand the size of the Shanghai installations, but invests heavily in the construction of 400,000 tonnes/year mdi devices in Chongqing.
Local governments should encourage companies to continue to build productive chains, enrich product lines, such as polyurethane, elastomers, and so on. At the same time, even polyvinyl hydrocarbons, most of the products in the country are low- and medium-end generics.
Inputs, the development of high-end products, such as polyolefin elastics in the mammal series, high-strength anti-intellectual polypropylene, etc., are more competitive in industry. Coal incineration, also known as high-temperature distillation of coal, is based on coal, heating up to about 1,000°C in isolated air conditions.
The process of producing coke through high temperature distillation, together with the acquisition of gas, kerosene and other chemical products, is a traditional coal-chemical product, used mainly in the manufacture of iron, sculpting, iron alloy smelting and non-ferrous metal smelting, which acts as a reduction agent, energy source, carbon agent and skeletal skeleton.
China is the world ' s largest producer of coke, and has accounted for more than 60 per cent of total global coke production over the past few years, but with the strengthening of national governance on pm2.5, there is greater uncertainty about the prospects for the charcoal industry in coastal areas, and the shift to the north-west is in the direction of industrial development.
4.1. Submarine steel policy leads to warming of the demand for coke downstream. Focalization is part of the traditional coal industry and has matured, with the main product being coke, which, according to the National Statistical Office, produced 4,7162 million tons of coke in 2019 and between 2010 and 2019.
Production grew at an average annual rate of 6.81 per cent; according to the General Customs Department, in 2019 the country exported 6.52 million tons of coke, an average annual increase in consumption of 5.99 per cent compared to the previous year.
With 650 million tons of coke production, 438 million tons of coke production, and a low utilization rate of 67% of coke production capacity. In addition, the distribution of production capacity in the focalized industry is broadly divided into two types, namely, the steel plant conglomeration plant and the independent carcinogenation plant, where independent carcinogenation is generally small in size, with low concentration of capacity and an independent carcinogen production ratio of 34%.
The height of the coal chambers is also specified, and the stoves below 4.3 m are included in the phase-out list, which still accounts for as much as 35% of the total industry. The iron and steel industry is the most important downstream application of coke, with about 85% of the coke being used in the steel industry.
In the short term, tons of steel are profitable, and the cost of downstream steel can be passed on.
In the medium term, the average debt ratios of steel companies are still relatively high, and, according to the Sino-Sedium Association, the expectation of a fall in long-term time creates better conditions for the sustainable development of the coke industry. As a result, the industry itself has become more environmentally friendly.
There is a problem in the production operations of small-scale centrifugal enterprises, and there is a possibility of gradual exit. In terms of additional capacity, there is a short-term, non-renewal, medium-term, presumably equivalent replacement, with limited supply increases. And finally, as the North China fog increases, there is a possibility of further production restrictions and suppression.
In 2019, the country produced 1,170 million tons of rough steel, but in 2016 it produced 808 million tons of rough steel, with an industrial start-up rate of about 66%, with excess capacity. The industry was largely at a loss due to a high level of incompetence and backward capacity, 2015.
Billions of tons, 820 million tons of steel, 300 million tons of steel more than that of steel, which may be the result of a lack of caliber in rough steel statistics and the effects of local steel. The overall loss of State-owned large and medium-sized steel companies cannot be attributed simply to the fact that State-owned companies have more to do with the floating of their officers.
It is hoped that a large number of state-owned steel companies will achieve a significant improvement in profitability and a significant reduction in asset-debt ratios. The steel industry is the focus of state-side supply reform, addressing excess capacity, and helping steel companies get out of trouble with the State Department and the Party.
Centrally, according to the State Council ' s Opinion on the Capacity of the Iron and Steel Sector to Dismantling Overflows for Development, it has been five years since 2016 to reduce crude steel production by an additional 100-150 million tons. The 2017 Government Report on its Work report states that, in addition to enhancing environmental verification, the government has not been soft enough to phase out poor production capacity, and the government has imposed a strong ban on steel.
It is estimated that China’s ground steel production is estimated to be about 80 million tons. After the government imposed a strict ban on ground steel, the demand for steel from electric furnaces increased, while the demand for steel from coal industry warmed.
Since this year, especially after entering the second quarter, profits in the steel industry have grown rapidly, steel plants have become fully productive, capacity utilization has increased significantly over the same period last year, and crude steel production has increased at a rate of over 4.4%.
At a high level of 69.6%, Liu Zhenjiang, Secretary-General and Secretary-General of the SCS, expressed the hope that, after three to five years of efforts, the average asset-liability ratio in the steel industry would be below 60%. Until then, the level of profitability in the steel industry was expected to be maintained, further underpinning the charcoal situation.
4.2. Environmental standards have been tightened, leading to a contraction in the supply of coke, which, according to IQR statistics, was able to produce from 420 million tons in 2010 to 687 million tons in 2015. In terms of production, the country ' s carbon production peaked in 2013 at 480 million tons and in 2016.
Due to the special circumstances of the country, the country has a relatively high level of independent coke-corlarization, which accounts for about 66% of the total coke production. The competitiveness of independent coke-cooling enterprises is largely reflected in the deep processing of the by-products and the gas of the stoves in the process of coke production.
On the supply side, policies have raised barriers to entry in the focal sector.
Access Conditions for Industry (Revised 2014), establishing strict access conditions for the layout of the cokeding enterprise, process equipment, environmental protection, cleaner production, resources and energy consumption. For example, the construction of new carbonized rooms must be 5.5 metres and above, the company ' s production capacity is 1 million tonnes/year and above, the ton of burnt water is reduced from 3.5 tonnes to 2.5 tonnes, and the stove gas benefits are reduced from 3.5 tonnes.
The demand is higher in terms of capital, size, technology, and environmental protection for new or expanded focus enterprises. There is a significant excess capacity in the industry, and the government has been contributing to the phase-out of production in the industry, which is believed to be the case.
In the course of the year, the Chinese Association for Caring published the Outline of the Development Plan for the Caring Industry for the 13th Five-Year Plan (2016), with an additional target of 50 million tonnes of coke production to be phased out during the period of the 13th Five.
`Crying with steel' in the surrounding area, aiming to achieve about 0.4 by 2020 as compared to steel production.” The autumn and winter integrated action programme for the management of atmospheric pollution. It explicitly states that “The carbonization chamber in Hebei and Shanxi Province is fully activated at an altitude of 4.3 m and below and has a operational life of more than 10 years.”
In the short term, the recovery of profits in the coke industry is evident, as a result of the improvement in the rough steel landscape. The supply of and demand for coke are tight, prices are rising significantly, and the price differentials between coke and coal are widening. The supply of coal is sufficient, the stock is high, and overall, while coal is likely to go up, it is not expected to rise as much as it is.
In the long term, the government should pay close attention to the use of environmental catchers to promote clean production. The emission limits of the burner tailings are not constantly upgraded. According to the Chinese Association of Carnosing Industries, by the end of 2014, more than 2,000 cokers in the national coke industry had actually met the second time standard (50 mg/cm2 of sulphur dioxide) of the Chemical Refinery Industrial Pollutant Emission Standard.
Less than 10% of rice, 30 mg/m3 of fumes, and 500 mg/m3 of nitrogen oxides. Individual areas, such as Xiaoxi Province, introduced in November 2014 " Air pollutant emission limits for priority industries in the Central China Region " , which are more stringent than the Criteria for Releases of Pollutants in the Caramel Chemical Industry, which set a limit on sulphur dioxide emissions of 30 mg/m3
Cm3, NOx 150 mg/m3 and particulates 15 mg/m3. Much work remains to be done to achieve this emission limit. In addition to increasing emissions limits for tail gases, standards for residual heat recovery are increasing.
It's more difficult to dispose of water-cooled waste water than small independent cokers, and there's a technical difficulty in implementing dry-cooled waste-water disposal, which some enterprises are already in a state of trouble with the increase in environmental strength. The total capacity of the coker industry is 670 million tons, but it is virtually impossible to decinerate the ovens below 5 metres, although there is no national regulation requiring a mandatory phase-out of less than 4.3 metres.
As the problem of burning nitrogen oxide emissions raises concerns, it is expected that in the future many areas will gradually limit the development of additional capacity for cokering, and that many areas are now no longer equipped for new cokering, the most optimistic estimate is that it will be possible.
The growth of the industry can be driven by equivalent replacements, thus limiting the ability to produce coke, and we expect that the supply and demand situation will gradually improve. The provinces of coke production and the coastal provinces will withdraw from more capacity.
In terms of production, the provinces of Shanxi, Hebei, and Shandong produced the highest amount of coke, accounting for 97 million tons of coke in 2019, or 20.6 per cent of the country's total production; Hebei, 49.83 million tons, or 10.6 per cent; Shandong, 49.21 million tons, or 10.4 per cent; Jiangsu, a well-developed economy.
In the triangular region, the future provinces will phase out the more polluting industries and upgrade their industries. According to the policy, Shanxi, the province of Shanxi, where Shanxi is likely to be able to replace its capacity with coal-based resources, has little net exit capacity. In aggregate, the future export capacity is mainly out of Hebei, Shandong, and Jiangsu provinces, with a combined capacity of 4.486 million tons, or about 4.86 million tons.
4.3. The climate of the coke industry continues or is better than expected. The key to determining the sustainability of the profits of China's coke industry is the sustainability of the profits of rough steel and the industry itself.
The short-term market notes that the production of coarse steel during the heating season is subject to pressure, and that there is an error in the timing. We believe that this view is a common understanding of the original purpose of the coarse steel and combustible production loads. The longer period of focus reduces the output of coke, but it does not help to significantly reduce atmospheric pollutant emissions in the north of China, and the Ministry of the Environment.
Moreover, because rough steel is better profitable, it is expected that production capacity outside the 2+26 region will cover the production gap to a certain extent. We initially counted crude steel production and production in the 2+26 cities, with the 2+26 area producing around 37% of the country’s crude steel and about 32% of the output.
In the medium and long term, deleveraging, risk prevention, and efficiency gains are at the heart of the current steel industry. The Secretary-General and Secretary-General of the Central Steel Association, Liu Zhenjiang, introduced that, in 2016, the average asset-liability rate of the SAC member companies was 69.6%, which is higher than the average.
Top industry averaged 13.8 percentage points. Of these, 11 member steel companies with an asset-liability ratio of more than 90% and an average asset-liability ratio of less than 60%.
In order to reduce the cost of raw materials, companies have set up coal distribution management teams, coal products for market demand, and needles.
Coal ratios for sex are different for raw materials and are based on the coal species needed for the matching. The company ' s cokering device is dryed out, the by-product steam is used for applications such as coal-based acetylene, fine-chemistry, etc. By-product gas is used mainly for methanol preparation, and the company ' s own own methanol costs are only 1234 yuan per ton, which is much lower than for mining.
The purchase cost is $2044/t. It is estimated that if the company ' s products are all out-purchased methanol, the single ton cost of PVC in 2018 will increase from $4617/tonne to $6575/t; the single ton cost of polypropylene in 2018 will increase from $4643/t to $6693/t.
Coal tar by-products are mainly used for the development of fine chemical products. 5. Profit prediction and valuation.
Coal in general raw materials, but with a higher carbon content of coke and a more efficient conversion during the coal-based methanol phase, the actual production costs are not expected to change significantly compared to the average coal methanol. But the production costs of methanol have been reduced by the use of coke in the coal-based hydrocarbon phase of a coal-based project, which has resulted in lower production costs for methanol, and we are conservatively based on coal-based methanol.
The cost of methanol for phase II is estimated to be 100 more than for phase I. The three-phase coal-based hydrocarbon project is expected to be put into production for a longer period, and we will for the time being disregard the profitability of the project for the next three years.
Taking into account the commissioning cycle of the new equipment, we expect the company polyolefin production to increase by 5 to 100,000 tons in 2019, and the coal-based carbide phase II project to be launched in 2020, with 2.2 million tons of methanol added to the company, which will no longer be purchased for methanol, while a portion of it is expected to be sold for external sale. The revenue from the by-products of the carbide will increase significantly in the coming year.
The company raises funds to build the Carbon Gasification 600,000 tonnes/year FryC project, which is expected to be completed by the end of the year.
Add 2.2 million tonnes/year of methanol, 300,000 tonnes/year of polyethylene, 300,000 tonnes/year of polypropylene, 400,000 tonnes/year of refined methanol. If sales are lower than expected when the project is completed, this will have an impact on the company’s performance. Crude oil prices fluctuate significantly.
As a result of the fall, the company’s profitability on the coal-based industry line will be significantly reduced. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.