The Chinese medical industry, 22nd of February 2022, is strong, and the next 10 years will be the sea of stars.
For the first time, most of the domestic medical instruments with the ability to deal with high-end markets were covered by the Merriche stock selection framework, which was “good forts, good companies, good values, good timing.” The public stock price has fallen by 36% since its height in 2021, mainly due to market concerns about Murray's equipment, in addition to the overall revaluation of the medical plate.
Unlike the current mainstream view, we believe that the impact on Murray will not be as pessimistic as the market expects. Companies have the core strength of “sample variety + strong R & D capacity + improved sales” and can effectively spread the risks of collecting policies while adding domestic and external double-drives and widening market boundaries. In addition, the “strength of the strong” features of the medical plate are obvious, and Murray, as a industry leader, is more likely to benefit from industry hair.
At this point in time, we believe that there are opportunities for a better layout.
Murray Medical (300760.ch): The strong will be strong, Husawa Cfa will be the next 10 years of the sea.
The growth of the medical plate is more certain, the constant characteristics of the strong are more evident, and Murray, as the industry's leader and the scarce target of high-end medical devices, has a better chance of reaping the dividends of the industry's growth.
In terms of policy, the new infrastructure of medical care, grade-based diagnostics, import substitution, etc., have contributed to a steady improvement in the industry, while the collection of medical equipment has caused fluctuations in the income of some enterprises but has long been beneficial to manufacturers in countries such as Murray.
In addition, the medical equipment industry has: (1) improved innovation, (2) emphasis on the perception of use, (3) need for interdisciplinary research and development, (4) higher costs of product change, (5) no visible patent cliffs, (6) higher post-sale requirements, and (7) industry.
As industry leaders and the scarcity of high-end medical equipment, Murray is expected to continue to benefit from the logic of the strong. He has the core strength of “sample variety + strong R & D capacity + good after sale.”
There are few medical devices that can provide the full package of medical services. In the course of the marketing of medical equipment, the complete product matrix is more likely to be favoured by the buyers of hospital equipment.
The product is more competitive. In addition, Murray's research and development is strong, with the largest number of products in the country, such as custodians and respirators, and some of them already have the strength to compete with international front-line medical manufacturers, with combined competitiveness far exceeding that of their domestic counterparts.
Domestic and foreign markets are two-wheel-driven, enjoying high growth potential while dispersing policy risks. As new markets tend to have more limited budgets for health spending than more developed markets, Murray’s high-value products can better meet the overall needs of emerging markets abroad.
There is still 12.9 billion yuan in cash and no interest-bearing liabilities, compared to sales concentrated in domestic medical equipment enterprises, after the acquisition of Hytest, and the space to expand the boundaries of research and development capabilities and the ability to operate abroad through M&As.
15%). Because of the Unit's incentive to target core staff and technical cadres, we believe that management is more conservative in setting evaluation targets, and that failure to do so will affect core staff motivation, and that 2021-24e is less than 20% of the mother's net profit test.
A clear message of management's confidence in growth over the next three years is expected to boost market sentiment in the short term.
Pil Ying International, Murray Medical (300.760.ch): The strong are strong and strong, and the next 10 years will be the sea of stars.
1. At the industry level, the medical plate in which Murray is located has a high degree of certainty, a large space for growth, a policy that, although it has a certain size, is far from reaching the ceiling, and we believe that there has been an increase in medical expenses; 3) an increase in the number of visits by patients; 4) an increase in imports; 5) an increase in the number of people suffering from chronic diseases, etc.
In terms of growth, our per capita expenditure on medical devices was about $70 in 2020, while the per capita expenditure on equipment/pharmaceuticals was less than one third, while the per capita expenditure on medical devices in the United States was about $500 for the same period, the per capita expenditure on equipment/pharmaceuticals was about one in two, and the subsequent per capita expenditure on medical devices and equipment/pharmaceuticals was expected to follow.
In terms of policy, policies such as the new infrastructure of medical care, graded diagnostics, import substitution, etc., have contributed to a long-term improvement in the industry, and while the collection of medical appliances has caused some fluctuations in business income in the short to medium term, it has long been conducive to an increase in branding of equipment in countries such as Merrill, accelerating import substitution and upgrading industry.
Murray, as a leader of the plate and as a result of the scarcity of high-end medical equipment, enjoys the constant logic of the strong. The medical equipment industry has: 1) improved innovation as its main theme; 2) stress on the perception of use; 3) cross-learning research and development; 4) higher requirements for the industrial base; 5) higher hidden cost of changing products; 6) none.
Visible patent cliffs: 7) The characteristics of industries that require higher after-sales requirements lead to a more obvious competitive advantage for leading firms. As leaders in the medical equipment industry and the rare high-end medical instruments in secondary markets, Murray is expected to continue to benefit from the logic of the strong.
Murray is a small number of medical equipment enterprises in the country that can provide a full package of solutions for medical units, and the improved product matrix is more likely to get to hospitals in the course of the sale of medical equipment into the unit.
The quality of post-sale services, as well as the wide coverage network, are also favoured by equipment purchasers, which makes the Meri product more competitive.
In addition, Murray's research and development has been remarkable, and in 2020 he managed to achieve the highest level of urban power in the country, with the ability to compete with international front-line medical manufacturers, which are much more competitive than their counterparts in the country.
Both domestic and overseas driven, enjoying high growth potential, and at the same time spreading policy risks, emerging markets, as health spending budgets are generally more limited than those in more developed markets, offer a better price than products to meet the overall needs of emerging markets abroad. Offshore operations are also dispersed within countries.
Policy risks, such as collection, are likely to be compared to sales of medical equipment concentrated in the country, where companies still have 12.9 billion yuan in cash and no interest-bearing debt on the company's books after they've acquired Hytest, followed by sufficient financial and debt capacity to buy, expand R & D and operate overseas.
In 2022, as a result of the Unit’s incentive to target its core staff and technical cadres, we believe that management is more conservative in setting performance indicators because failure to do so will affect core staff motivation.
Management’s confidence in growth over the next three years is expected to boost the market mood in the short and medium term. Why do Pil-Gin-International look at the future of the medical panel?
The core growth logic is clear and the growth certainty is similar to that of the pharmaceutical industry, and we believe that, at the macro level, the medical device plate will benefit mainly from the following broader context of population ageing:
(b) The rising demand for health care in the broader context of the increase in per capita income and the expected increase in per capita health expenditure;
(b) The population of chronic diseases such as diabetes mellitus, hypertension, etc. continues to increase, and the penetration rate of related detection and treatment equipment will, in our view, not appear in the logic of growth in the medical equipment industry over the next 10-15 years.
Too much has changed, and while some of the higher-income medical appliances in the country are likely to be disturbed in the short term by collecting policies and capital inputs, the development of the medical equipment plate is clear in logic, with high growth certainty, and suitable for long line layout as a core asset.
At present, the average per capita expenditure on medical devices is low, and there is still room for growth. According to the study, the per capita expenditure on medical devices was about $70 in 2020, while the per capita expenditure on medicines was less than one third, while the per capita expenditure on medical devices in the United States was about $500 for the same period, and the per capita expenditure on medicines was about $500.
1/2 As medical demand rises, the subsequent per capita expenditure on medical devices and equipment/pharmaceuticals ratio is as follows:
Figure 3: Size of China's market for medical devices Chart 4: Per capita spending on medical devices in China and the United States in 2020 Chart 5: Proportion of spending on medicines on medical devices in China and the United States in 2020
In December 2021, the Ministry of National Trade and Communications, the Health Board and 10 other departments jointly issued the 14th Five-Year Medical Series.
Development Plan for the Development of the Industry, which sets out the objectives of upgrading the infrastructure of the medical equipment industry by 2025, modernization of the industrial chain by 2035, development, manufacture and upgrading of medical equipment to the world's most advanced levels, and plans to include 6-8 enterprises in global medical equipment by 2025.
At present, the policy direction of the country with regard to the medical equipment industry is clear, with new medical infrastructure, graded diagnostics, import substitution, equipment collection as the main policy line and policy mix.
The new medical infrastructure: increasing the size of the market for medical devices, while effectively controlling our new crown epidemic, has revealed a certain degree of exposure to a large population base.
The existing medical equipment in the country is still inadequate for the prevention and treatment of major diseases, and the related medical equipment is not adequate.
In November 2021, the National Health Board issued the Work Programme for Integrated Capacity Enhancement in the District Hospitals of the “Kill Districts Project” (2021-2025), which explicitly proposes to select 1,000 district hospitals to enhance the construction and rehabilitation of medical equipment over the next four years.
In addition to the new infrastructure needs driven by the epidemic, the number of hospitals in the country has been steadily rising for a long time, and the number of new hospitals (both public and private) has stabilized at 1,000-2000 per year over the period 2015-20 (see chart).
6) and the increase in the average number of beds in hospitals (see chart 7), which has led to stable medical equipment and equipment
In 2014, for the first time, the Government reported on the need to improve the classification system, although for a period of time, the country's geographical size and population base are high. There is still some distance to reach the goal of “no small village, no big county.” There is still much room for follow-up on the classification system. In 2021, the Government reported that
The policy has led to an increase in the demand for medical equipment at all levels, especially at the grass-roots level, which has long been conducive to the penetration of medical equipment into the grass-roots level.
The National Ministry of Industry and Communications published China Manufacturing 2025, which states that state hospitals are planning 70% of state-owned high-end medical devices in 2025, and 80% of state-owned core components. The policy dividend of supporting state-produced medical devices as an alternative to imported products is maintained.
According to the local regulatory policy, local authorities are equally active in promoting import substitution.
In the same month, in Kunming City, Yunnan Province, the finance department of the city of Kunming, implemented five lines.
In August 2021, the 10 departments of Guangdong Province jointly issued a circular on matters related to the regulation of the approval of government procurement of imported products, which requires that purchasing units should not discriminate against national products and regulate procurement requirements.
In addition, the provinces of Guangdong, Zhejiang and Sichuan have issued successive lists of purchases of imported products in Guangdong.
For example, in the List of Imported Products of Provincial Health Institutions 2021, published by the Guangdong Provincial Health Board in April 2021, a total of 46 medical equipment items were included in the List of Imported Products, representing a decrease of 86 medical equipments that could be procured compared with 2019.
Pilgrim International Living Silver International 4. Medical equipment collection: partial price pressure, but accelerated import substitution
The introduction of pharmaceutical collections, which began in 2018, has had a profound impact on our pharmaceutical plate, and the current level 2 market, in general, is more sensitive to the collection of medical instruments than drugs, and the news of every collection of equipment has had a significant impact on the movement of medical equipment.
There are different rates of national production of arms and generics, and we believe that for the collection of medical instruments, it should not be the case that there are a large number of pieces of medical equipment, and that it is difficult to generalize the effects of such collection at the company level: before this, there have been two rounds of collection of medical equipment at the national level, both for high-value waste.
Both rounds of national collection prices decreased considerably (93% on average for the first round of coronary silos and 82% on average for the second round of manual joints), which has had a significant negative impact on enterprises with high-value waste. But there are a large number of breakdowns of medical equipment, particularly at the company level, and the collection of equipment.
At present, the focus of the collection is temporarily also on high-value consumption, and the Health Care for All Plan, published in September 2021, foresees that the national and provincial high-value medical waste collection in 2025 will contain more than five types of procurement, with public health facilities purchasing high through provincial collection platforms.
The price-consuming material accounts for 80% of the total high-value spent material, and the profit-making water of the high-value-consuming-wood-operated business will be under pressure, but the impact on the non-high-value spent material plate will be relatively limited. Regulators will probably seek a balance in the cost-cutting and maintenance of the company’s profits.
On the one hand, we have a significantly higher Māori industry than the international leader (the majority of our pharmaceutical taps are 80 to 90% Māori in 80-90% of districts (i.e. 86% Māori in HUNS 1-3q21), the level of Māori in pharmaceutical companies, and there is still room for lower prices for drugs in our country, but we still have a long line of equipment plates).
The gap between the Māori ratio and the international champions is not large (65% of Māori in 2020 vs. Medunley), in order to ensure that businesses have sufficient cash flows to invest in research and development, we believe that policy makers have a great chance of finding a balance between collecting prices and protecting the profits of their companies, and for medical appliances.
The collection of large-scale medical equipment has been in place for many years: Anhui and Shenzhen both conducted centralized procurement of medical equipment in 2021, but it should be noted that the collection is equivalent to a tender for procurement, which was conducted by the Government on behalf of medical institutions in the region for many years, not from the very near future.
In July 2021, Anhui Province issued a notice to centralize the purchase of large category B medical equipment throughout the province, causing greater interest in the market, while Anhui Province began to purchase large-scale medical equipment in 2014.
In contrast to drug collections, which are dominated by generics, which account for a larger share of national production, this collection has had a greater impact on domestic pharmaceutical companies after a significant reduction in prices. But medical devices, especially high end medical devices, remain dominated by importers, and the international plant maintains the world.
The price-fixing system and the cost considerations are low relative to the national production of medical devices, and therefore the collection is more conducive to higher market access for domestically produced devices that have a price advantage.
Why is it more likely that medical instruments and drug plates will be more powerful than ever?
The competition patterns (e.g., the adoption of the new crown vaccine by the Moderna), so the innovation of the big drug industry is not prominent. But the competitive patterns of the medical instruments and the pharmaceutical plates have evolved differently, and they are more difficult to create industrial subversion than the drug plates, and the branding effect is clear, and the logic of the strong is more consistent.
Use. Compared to the list of 10 medical equipment companies with the highest sales worldwide in 2006 and 2019, 7 of the top 10 companies in 2006 were still 10 years before 2019, and the three companies that moved out were not ranked separately except for Tyco healthcare, which was acquired by Medley (first on the list in 2019).
Scientific and Baxter are in the 11th and 14th places on the list, respectively, and remain in the first row as a whole. And from 39% and 52% in 2006 to 43% and 59% in 2019, respectively, the persistence of the strong members of the medical panel has been confirmed.
The persistence of the strong in the medical equipment industry is due mainly to the following industry characteristics:
The difference between 1 and 1 and the random nature of drug innovation, so many heavy-pound innovations come from small and medium-sized biotech start-ups. But innovations in medical devices are improved, cumulative innovations that require functional additions and optimization on the basis of the original product, and research and development inputs that lead to instrumental performance.
The gradual improvement, rather than a "0" to "1" mutation, has led to a lower frequency of subversive new products on the medical plate, with leading companies gaining a technological advantage over time.
2. Medical devices emphasize the sense of use and require continuous testing based on extensive clinical feedback to assess the efficacy and safety of a drug. However, the use of medical devices involves the manual operation of medical personnel, doctors as the primary decision-makers in equipment procurement, medical devices
Soft indicators, such as fluidity, sense of use and convenience, directly influence decision-making on the purchase of instruments.
Clinical use is continuously calibrated on the basis of medical feedback and, overall, equipment plants with larger sales scale, cover networks, research and development, operational and post-sale experience have been better fed and better placed in product upgrading.
Research and development requires a multidisciplinary workforce, high technical barriers, and drug research and development involves a smaller range of disciplines than medical equipment as a whole, so the start-up biotech industry can be dominated by only a small number of core scientists.
At the same time, it is more difficult for start-ups to bring together at the same time cutting-edge personnel from a number of large and multidisciplinary disciplines.
The average remuneration (see figure 13) and the promotion system as a whole are more favourable.
Medical devices are different from medications, and drugs are low due to the generally simple process of their use. But the use of medical devices requires prior training of doctors, who require a great deal of clinical experience in order to be skilled in their use.
Most of the original products are usually maintained, so doctors can move quickly; but if they change brands, doctors will have to devote extra time and effort to learning and adapting, with a high hidden cost. As users of medical devices, they are also the main decision makers in equipment procurement, and doctors often change equipment manufacturers and others.
As a result of the low willingness of brands to maintain their market share, the mainstream product of the tap medical equipment plant 5. Medical equipment patent cliffs are relatively less visible.
But the patent cliffs of medical devices are less obvious for instruments, mainly because: 1) the devices are typically assembled by a large number of patents, even if the individual patents expire, the competitors are still difficult to imitate, and soft indicators such as the fluidity of the devices and the sense of use mentioned above are not obvious.
It's not patent technology. It's a perfect system, after time and continuous feedback from users, which makes it more difficult to reproduce completely; 2) Doctors, after being familiar with the process of operating a set of instruments, usually change the meaning of the product.
Longer sales life cycles, compared to new products with shorter market times, are more likely to lead to a further increase in market penetration for star products with longer sales histories.
Large-scale medical equipment, as durable supplies, involves the operation and maintenance of equipment, its clinical extension, and the supply of equipment in emergency situations, and after-sales services are also important considerations in the procurement decisions of hospitals and doctors.
If large-scale medical equipment fails and reacts quickly, the hospital concerns can be greatly reduced, as a result of the increased availability of post-sale services at the tapware enterprise, and the branding effect becomes more apparent with the accumulation of post-sale slogans in the medical community.
For example, the list of gold prizes published in 2019 in China's Medical Equipment Industry Data and Post-Sales Services Research Award, only 5 of the 28 companies that received the award were unlisted (excluding applications submitted for listing) and the rest were multinational medical equipment suppliers or domestic companies.
Medical equipment manufacturers in the city, the overall ability of large brands to provide after-sale services is more recognized by hospitals and doctors.
The production of medical devices is more demanding for the industrial base, such as industrial modelling, electronics, computers, communications, and electromechanical and electrical integration, and is more difficult to manufacture. At present, most high-end medical equipment manufacturers are old-fashioned producers from industrially advanced countries, and enterprises with a weak industrial base are less likely to produce high-end medical devices.
The production of medical equipment is a heavy asset industry, requiring larger upfront plant and equipment inputs, and construction work is generally long, capital inputs, cash reserves and construction efficiency, and large medical equipment enterprises are relatively more efficient.
As noted above, the medical instrument plate has: 1) to improve innovation and create subversive innovations.
The frequency is lower; 2) use is emphasized and needs to be continuously calibrated on the basis of extensive clinical feedback; 3) research and development requires multidisciplinary expertise and high technical barriers; 4) hospital and doctor replacement equipment has high hidden costs; 5) medical equipment patent cliffs are relatively less visible; 6) after-sale service requirements are high and brand effects are evident;)
The industry is more likely to run out in the long run (see in more detail the section on “Why is it more likely that the body of a medical device is strong and strong?” Murray, as the head of a domestic medical device, is more likely to enjoy the certainty of industry growth over the long term, the space for industry growth, the power of a strong person.
As industry leader, Murray is a small number of medical equipment enterprises in the country that can provide a complete package of solutions for the medical unit.
Greater marketing advantages, mainly due to: 1) potential co-use functions and scenes among products; 2) product use logic, where the same brand product is generally uniform and the training time and costs of prior doctors are generally lower; 3) the use of medical devices can be monitored and managed under a central control system.
At present, of the many categories of products, Murray has achieved the highest share of the country and the global market, a combination of power that is far greater than that of domestic counterparts (detailed in the section entitled “Produced products, combined competitive advantages better than domestic counterparts”).Mary now has 10 major R & D centres around the world, offering 7-12 new products per year, up to 3q21.
Murray has more than 3,300 R & D engineers around the world, with a total patent application of over 6,850. In 2017, of the top 50 companies with patents on inventions published by the National Development Commission, Murray was also the only medical equipment company in the list.
Overseas R & D capabilities, on the one hand through self-established R & D centres and, on the other hand, through overseas acquisitions, widen the R & D frontier.
Large-scale medical equipment is used as durables, with product lifetimes generally ranging from 7 to 10 years, so after-sales services are a more important procurement consideration. The Chinese Medical Facility, published in 2019, has received a favourable rating at the end of its “China Medical Station” and has a high degree of combined satisfaction and satisfaction compared to the industry.
In our view, after-sales services are also a clear advantage for Murray over other small and medium-sized medical plants, where medical maintenance is more urgent, and where there is a need to maintain many post-sale service sites in order to ensure a timely response.
At present, Murray has more than 100 direct service sites in the world, more than 1900 service engineers, with a better advantage than other domestic counterparts in terms of after-sales capacity, to enter overseas markets, enjoy high growth potential and diversify policy risks from domestic operations.
In 2014, Méri established a branch in Kenya’s capital, Nairobi. Currently, emerging markets abroad are in the early stages of developing the medical equipment industry, with per capita spending on health care compared to developed countries.
There are 19 subsidiaries in 16 countries along the overseas market, and 16 countries in Central and Eastern Europe are cooperating in the field of health care, as in Poland, where medical equipment covers more than 85% of public hospitals and private clinics: throughout Central and Eastern Europe, Murray holds nearly 100 courses a year.
In general, emerging markets have more limited budgets for spending on medical devices than more developed markets, and as a result, Murray’s high-value products are better able to meet overall demand from overseas emerging markets. Moreover, overseas operations have spread policy risks, such as collection, that may be faced domestically.
The share of out-of-pocket income is 47%, which is a higher defence against policy risks than most of the sales concentrated in domestic medical appliances. With sufficient cash, it can be followed by a further foreign market share and product empowerment through M&As.
In recent years, Murray has expanded its lines of operations through a series of M&As worldwide. In 2008, the United States datascope Life Information and Support, and Swedish brands in the field of respiratory gas monitoring were acquired.
The Division acquired Sonare for $105 million, top-of-the-art ultrasound for the Euro-American market, and the ulco distribution network in Oceania. In 2021, Murray acquired Hytest to improve the vd industrial chain.
In the case of the acquisition of hytest, for example, it is in the lead in the global field of ivd raw materials, and the quality of reagents is determined to a great extent by the quality of the reagents, which were studied by Murray prior to the acquisition.
Without the industry’s mainstream, production needs will be met over time through outsourcing, which will quickly complement the self-researching asset capabilities of the core Merrillian raw materials, which will guarantee the safety of future supplies and optimize costs.
Figure 20: Murray's main M.P.P. (Quantified Blood Test vd)
• Shanghai Medical Light Instrument datascope (intrascope)
(life information custody) datascope*  Hangzhou light
• Long Island, Shanghai.
"artema dragonbio Vuhandr Bail."
♪ Jacksquare lacksquare lacksquare ♪
phytest (ivd)
• Hee-sheng technology zonare (urinary analysis vd)
Sonare (oversounding image) Greenland (medical image)
/Phisha Sky Man (microbial analysis)/Pu Jin Internationalspobinternational
The product is well-lined and the combined competitive advantage is better than the domestic counterparts.
New lines of operation, such as medical care, with full product lines. Currently, the domestic medical equipment industry is still mostly selling single-room products, while part of the two-and-three-line taps are gradually expanding from a single-room product line to a maximum number of rooms, and the product lines are more complete and better able to meet the hospital ' s overall multi-sectional solutions during the marketing process.
We expect companies to earn RMB 2020-23e 16.3 billion. Growth benefits mainly from: 1) the continued increase in the number of wards in the country and their existence.
Icu wards are constantly equipped; 2) home-wide solutions are rapidly developing in domestic and external markets: 3) Core product monitors will continue to penetrate high-end markets. Billions of yuan, the highest-speed increase in three core business plates.
The main causes of the increase in diagnostics are: 1) the competitiveness of products such as chemical luminous and biochemical products under “acquisition + self-research”; 2) the broadening of the channels of general solutions for condensation, microorganisms and laboratories; 3) the increased penetration of large sample laboratories and laboratories abroad in the country; and 4) the overall development of the ivd industry.
Medical Images: The projected increase in block income from 2020-23ecagr 24.3% to RMB 8.1 billion in 2023e is largely the result of the growing demand for medical video equipment and the increasing presence of Murray in high-end and ultra-high-end areas.
Pilgrim International Life Information and Support: Synchronization of the core business within and outside the country. Life Information and Support is the largest operating block in the company, with 10 billion people in 2020.
Life information and support products include, inter alia, (i) monitors; (ii) anesthesia machines; (iii) respirators; (iv) defibrillators; (v) surgical light bed towers; (vi) fluid pumps; (vii) equipment accessories and consumables; and (viii) digitized surgical room products (overview cameras, signal modules, manipulation systems, etc.).
One of the main applications of life information and support products is the icu ward. The number of beds in our country is tight. In 2015, the number of beds per capita in China was one fifth in Germany, and the subsequent icu beds are still in high demand for configuration.
In addition, the country’s requirements for equipment in the icu ward are becoming clearer and more detailed (see figure 24). There is also a need for additional equipment in the icu bed that is not regulated by the bedside.
The market for interest and support is expected to benefit from the construction and improvement of the icu ward.
The field was affected by increased demand for medical care under the epidemic, with markets growing by 12% to $3.3 billion on a year-on-year basis, about 2.5% on 2020-23 ecagr, and the market as a whole matured and stablely growing. In 2020, China’s custodians market grew by 19 million to 500 million dollars on a year-on-year basis, and is expected to reach 8.6% in 2020-23ecagr, followed by 8.6% in 2020.
There is still room for improvement in the country’s high-end market share. Murray started out as a guardian, and in 1992 launched China’s first haemobic saturation monitor, met-503a, and acquired datascape in 2008.
Murray is currently in the top position in the domestic guardianship market, with domestic municipalities accounting for about 63% in 2018, and domestic leaders in 2018 (see figure 27). In addition, Murray has the third largest global market in 2017, after Philip and Ge, and has a global product.
Competitiveness. Despite the high rate of overall market share of the Murray Guardian, Murray estimates that the company ' s product is currently in the top 30% market, and that the company ' s high end product line benevisionn performances match international brands like the Philip Intelvuemx series and have an advantage in value for money (Mary).
The end price of the Benevisionn series of products is mostly 5-15 million yuan (see chart 29) for the Philips Intelvuemx series, mainly 10-20 million yuan (RMB), and there is still much potential for growth in the sale of high-end custodians.
Murray's tutorials are of great variety and have great potential to expand overseas. The Méri tutorial products have been introduced in a variety of niches for a variety of sub-clinics, which can meet the different needs of low-end, portable high schools. 280,000 were sold in 2020 and 20.7% in 2015-20cagr in 2016.
In 2017, Murray had 10% of the market in the global custodian market, and the company's leader, Philip Philips, had 10% of Philip's Guardianship.
With 38%, the company’s overseas market share is expected to continue to grow as the product line continues to improve and the benevisionn series continues to upgrade.
Chart 30: Murray Guardian Products - Chart 31: Murray Guardian Products -epm Chart 32: Murray Guardian Products -
Chart 33: Philips Intelvue Figure 34: Guardianship of Gecarescape 850
There is still room for anaesthesia to be replaced in the domestic market for high-end anaesthesia machines, benefiting from import substitution. The anaesthetic machines deliver anaesthesia to the pulmonary blisters of the patients by mechanical circuits, forming an anaesthetic gas pressure, spreading it to the blood and causing a direct suppression of the central nervous system.
According to data from the China Medical Equipment Association, the market for anaesthetic machines was about RMB 1.06 billion in 2019. Murray’s share in the national market rose rapidly from 11% in 2017 to 29% in 2019.
The increase is mainly due to the market share of imported products, and the trend towards import substitution is evident. The sales of the Meri anaesthesia machine 2015-20 were about 17% cagr, and the status of Murray as a national abstinence engine was strong, but the international abstinence of the Deirg and ge machines was still more than 50% in the country.
The abundance of narcotic product lines, the competitiveness of products, support at the national and local levels for the procurement of domestic equipment, and a higher value-for-money advantage than imported anaesthesia machines (e.g., the Meriwato series, mainly against the Delgfabius series, and the wato series price range, mainly at RMB 100,000-300,000 per table)
(Figure 38) and the Delgfabius series is generally selling at a price of not less than 300,000 per station), Murray will still have a greater potential for import substitution.
Apart from the fact that the tremor uses a strong pulse current to rescue and treat patients with heart problems, the electrodes are divided into tremors and tremors in the body, depending on their location (see figure 42).
The electrodes of the body, other than the tremors, are placed in the chest and are directly defiled by the muscle contact. The tremors, other than the body, are indirectly defiled by the electrodes placed on the chest wall. The current clinical and outdoor use of the scene is dominated by the use of the aed. According to data from the Ministry of General Services of Japan in 2018, for patients whose heart stops, if anyone else is in time.
Using aed for treatment, the survival rate can be 53.5%, well above the survival rate for heart pressure (16.6%) and emergency vehicles (9.4%). According to evaluatemedtech data, the global market for defibrillators (excluding the United States and Japan) in 2017
In China, the application of aed is still in its infancy, with data from the Baguar Institute predicting that the domestic market for defibrillators will be about 1.34 billion yuan in 2020 (see figure 45). My country has only 0.2 units per 100,000 people, far below the Netherlands, Japan and the United States (see figure 46).
The international market for defibrillators is still dominated by import brands, and Murray is breaking technical barriers.
The market is dominated by imported brands such as US Zoll, Philip, Japanese photovoltaics, and German Pumicon. The high price of imported products makes it harder to spread fast.
The two-phase tremor tremor product Beneheartd6, published in 2013 China’s first two-phased product, Bineheartd1, fills many of China’s gaps and breaks the “technical barrier” that has been erected by more than 1,000 patents.
In everyday life, aed has a wide range of applications and configuration needs, and is supported by policies at all levels of government, such as the National Health Board ' s " Guide to the allocation of automatic defibrillators in public spaces " , published in December 2021, which regulates public spaces.
In Beijing, for example, it is planned that by the end of 2022 all the rail stations will have been covered by aed equipment, and that first-line station personnel will have a rate of over 80 per cent of the evidence obtained and will be equipped with one of the aed stations, covering 388 stations.
According to the Chinese Medical Association 'Aed Layout and Release Expert Consensus, published in 2020, aed has a density of 100-200 aeds per 100,000 people, and according to the first witness, it can reach 3-to-1.
In Beijing, for example, Chen Chi, Director of the Training Centre at the Beijing Emergency Centre in October 2020, said that the number of public places in Beijing was 1000 and the concentration of aed was still low (21.89 million residents in 2020).
Figure 47: Aed application site: subway station Figure 48: Aed application site: campus Chart 49: In recent years, several cities have set clear quantitative requirements for aed configuration
Figure 50: Prices for the terminal of the Myri tremor and EKG products 4. Lighthouses: gradual penetration into high-end markets.
Operating lights, surgical beds, hangars, etc., are mainly used as operating theatres. From the number of hospitalizations in public hospitals, there has been a steady increase in the overall number of hospitalizations in public hospitals, except in 2020, when the number of hospitalizations affected by the epidemic has declined in the same year (see chart 55), and the number of hospitalizations in public hospitals has continued to increase steadily (see figure 55).
There will still be a need for light-bed equipment from the new operating theatres. In 2018, Delgs were the highest brand in the country, with about 23 per cent in the city and about 12 per cent in Maery (see figure 54). Murray now has a certain size in the light-bed product line (see figure).
Table 56) While existing products cover high, medium and low-end demand for hospitals, existing products are more advantaged in low- and medium-end markets and have a relatively lower market share in high-end lightbeds. Company 3q21 continues to introduce high-end products hybasev8 and hyportr80 to improve coverage of breakdowns and future alliances
The existing product shapes for higher-end markets, such as hyled 9700, hyport 9000, and hybase 8300, form an integrated room solution, and the Merry lighthouse operation is expected to penetrate gradually into higher-end markets.
Figure 57: Merri Lighting Tower Products - Figure 58: Murray Lighting Tower Products
Figure 59: Merri Lighting Tower Products - hyled 9700/9500 Operating Shadowless Lamps
Hybase 8300 surgical bed In vitro diagnostic business: "Acquisition + Self-Research" breaks through high-end technical bottlenecks.
Other major screening groups, such as blood, which in 2020 generated RMB 6.650 billion, representing 32 per cent of total income, and 26.0 per cent of 2020-23ecagr, and 59.7 per cent of the 2020 flat Maori rate, benefited from the overall development of the ivd industry, rising penetration of the Meriivd products, both within and outside the sea, and products.
With increased competitiveness, the in vitro diagnostic product is expected to be the fastest growing nuclear core in the next three years. At present, Murray is also fast-tracking overseas leaders in vd research and development, and the company plans to take three years to the left, to the right, to the technology of most of the products.
In 2020, the global in vitro diagnosis market grew by 15% to $83.4 billion, and the Chinese in vitro diagnosis market grew by 24% to 89 billion yuan.
Chemical light is a major national manufacturer, with huge import alternatives. The global market is large (about $83.4 billion in 2020) and stable (2017-20cagr: 9%), and the diagnosis of immunization is the largest segment of its composition, with the weight of both overseas and domestic medical instruments.
Point. Chemical luminous techniques in immunization diagnostics have gradually replaced enzyme co-immunisation (currently about 80-90% of the national chemical luminary diagnosis market), with China ' s chemical luminous market amounting to 23.3 billion yuan in 2019 (see figure 69).
China’s national product, vd, is still in rapid development, and, given the size and speed of the market, the chemical luminous track will be one of the main features of Murray’s and many medical equipment manufacturers in the field of immuno-diagnostics. At present, chemical luminous light has become a pattern of competition between four international and five domestic manufacturers.
In 2019, Man, Siemens, four international manufacturers together accounted for more than 80 per cent of the country's cities, while the national producers are now dominated by the new industries, Murray, Anto, Mike, and Yafilong, and are expected to accelerate import substitution in the chemical light market in the context of rapid catch-up of health insurance fees and national chemical lighting technology.
Now that Murray has developed a more sophisticated chemical luminous device product line, covering all levels of medical care, the need for low-priced high school products (see chart 71), the low end price of cl-1000i (check samples/hours) and the new product cl-8000i (500 samples/hours) introduced by 3q21 can be used for testing.
In 2021, Murray traded 545 million euros to buy the world’s top professional vd upstream raw material supplier, hvtest.
In 2004, hytest's ctnl was selected by aaccc as a raw material for the international standards of myocardial muscle. And, above all, hvtest also has original research and production capacity in infectious diseases, inflammation, and condensation.
Hytest has solid monoclonar antibodies design, R & D and production capacity, while at the same time it can quickly meet new and growing market demands, and Myrie further enhances the company ' s integrated competitiveness in the vd whole industry chain by acquiring Hytest.
Chart 72: Murray Chemical Lighting Products - Chart 73: Murray Chemical Lighting Products - Chart 74: Murray Chemical Lighting Products - cl-10000i Automated Chemical Immuno-Immuno-Chemical Reagent Package
Cl-6000i fully automated chemical luminous immune fraction
Blood analysis refers to the instrumentation of blood cell parameters related to red cells, white cells, etc. The domestic market for blood analyser products is relatively mature, with a market size of about $5.4 billion, which, according to Murray's estimates, was more than 80% in 2020-21 between the foreign giant Heisen Meikang and the domestic dragon Murray.
The country's share of the market (45%) in 2021, was the first to outperform Heisen Meikang (41%). At present, Murray's blood-analysis products do not have a significant technology gap compared to foreign brands and are driven by lower prices, improved after-sales services, high localization levels and complete product lines (see figure 76).
High-performance and high-reliability products have entered the high-end market in level III hospitals. The company 3q20 has launched five classified blood cell analysers, bc-7500crp, and has completed over a thousand installed machines and 200 million yuan in revenue in one year.
1) higher accuracy of tests, bc7500crp has regular blood tests and crp detection capabilities, with crp results calibrated through regular blood results, and most branded blood routines +crp single machines are not interconnected with equipment; 2) faster detection, bc7500crp produces blood routines +crp tests
The report takes about one minute, while some of the competing products take about 10 minutes. Chart 77: Murray's blood cell test product. Chart 78: Murray's blood cell test product.
Chart 79: Murray's blood cell test product P-5 blood cell analyserbc-Purpose III blood cell analyserbc-Purpose
Biochemical diagnosis is an in vitro diagnosis of various inorganic elements, proteins and non-protein nitrogen, as well as biochemical indicators such as enzymes, sugar, lipid, using the lamber-beer law. Common screening projects such as liver function, kidney function, blood sugar, blood resin, etc. are biochemical diagnostics, both domestically and internationally.
The country’s biochemical diagnostic market was about 14.8 billion yuan, and the industry as a whole was moving towards automation and intelligence.
In addition, the company launched a new bs-2800m fully automated biochemical analyser in 3q21, with the following advantages: 1) high detection accuracy, use of an original panorama dynamic photo function, and removal of microfibres and bubbles
Disruption and use of large data for data point validation to improve data reliability, in addition to bs-2800m having environmental sensing functions that exclude the impact of measured environmental water and air quality on the results; 2) speed of detection, with single module flux of 2400 tests/hours and one minute to start
In addition, the most important competitors in the biochemical analysis market are Rhodes, Yape, Danah, Siemens.
The threshold for biochemistry technology is high, and Murray is a small number of biochemical instruments with autonomous intellectual property rights.
The annual global condensation market, at 8.6%, and China, at around 19.0%, is a major leader in the international average. The potential for accelerated expansion of the future Chinese condensation market is enormous.
The global market is now dominated by Siemens, Wolfensohn, Stagger, Heisen Meikang, and countries such as Murray, where the market share of domestic producers is low and is expected to improve with the performance and brand visibility of national producers.
In the current Creculation Test instrument, Exc810 is the main product for high-end markets (see chart 85), which is characterized by: 1) one of the most efficient condensation analysers in the current country’s single-machine integrated detection system.
Combined velocity can reach 75 samples/hours; various methodological detection pathways are independent to ensure efficient combined detection efficiency; 2) clinically simple, seven whole liquid reagents need not be configured, i.e., ready to be used; 3) highly resistant, with double-magnetized magnetic beads to detect condensation of blood, which solves the problem of soluble blood, yellow beads, milk
Chart 86: Murray Creculation Blood Test - Chart 87: Murray Creculation Blood Test - Chart 88: Murray Creculation Blood Screening Product -
Medical video business: the high-end and ultra-high-end market share raises the space for a wide range of medical video business products, including ultrasound diagnostics and digital x-ray imaging systems, with ultrasound diagnostics and black-and-white cut-off systems including colored and black-and-white.
20 per cent of income, 24.3 per cent for 2020-23ecagr, 66.2 per cent of the flat Maori rate in 2020, is still a high-growth period, with a global market for medical images of approximately $44.1 billion in 2020 and 2.5 per cent in 2015-20ecagr, while the market for medical images in China is about $15.1 billion, 2015-
20 ecagr 13.8% (see figure 91), well above the global average.
Brand (Max, 10%) East, East, Pil-Yin International
(x-line computer layer) Images (shorizontal examiner: sensitivity to bone tissue)
"Cutting" becomes a single thickness, an easily productive bone edge, a single space, and it works.
It's a pseudo-couple, it's a computer recombinant, it's not an imaging angle.
From the bottom of the skull to the top of the skull of the calculator, using an I.V.I.A., it puts the human body in a high magnetic field ring.
Bone imaging, soft tissue image effect, using radio waves.
The time of imaging, the hydrogen atoms in the hair, makes it... resonant, calculated.
According to data on medical admissions, in 2018, Murray ranked second in 19.4% of the market share of the ultrasound market in public health-care institutions, not much different from the 19.6% of the market share in ge-health.
The market share of municipal public hospitals (primarily level III hospitals) is 14.7 per cent, with a gap between the first and second ge (21.7 per cent) and Philip (20.5 per cent); the market share of district public hospitals is 26.09 per cent), Philip (19.25 per cent), Murray (17.78 per cent); and
At the community/town health centre ultrasound market, Murray has the first share of the market, 34.02 per cent, which is far higher than the second ge-medic 13.55 per cent.
Having a high-end super-product line resona, there is currently no product in super-high-end areas. Companies are planning to compete with overseas brands over the next three years, and there is still much room for further improvement in super-high-end areas.
Figure 101: Global ultrasound market pattern 2017 Figure 100: National public health service ultrasound market 2018 Figure 102: Comparison of medical video equipment
(man) Pil-Silver International Chart 104: Merriche Super Products - Chart 105: Murray Black-White Ultrasound Products -
Figure 106: Merrix Ray Image Products Live Silver International Emerging Business: Broadening the Business Borders and Recovering New Growth Points
The osteoporosis has grown steadily, and the market has opened up with the aid of Murray. In 2019, our osteoporosis implanted medical devices market was about 30.8 billion yuan in size, and in 2015-2019, the average compound growth rate was about 17 per cent. The number of osteoporology surgeries will continue to grow at a higher rate owing to my large population base and growing population ageing.
We have only 12% implantation per 1,000 people in the United States and 8% in Germany (see figure 108). Even in the United Kingdom, which has a low number of joint surgery in developed countries, there is still three times as much room for growth in the number of arteries per 1,000 population. In addition, some of our osteoporosis has been implanted.
The country’s rate of national production is still low, and the import substitution logic is expected to follow. At present, Murray’s osteoporosis products continue to have a low percentage of income, and subsequent orthotics are gradually expanding to more disaggregated categories, which are expected to lead to a rapid opening of the osteoporosis market.
The Kyoto Health Insurance Agency organized a price reduction of 35.5 per cent for some of the osteoporosis and ivd products, organized by the Nanking District Medical Services Union and Merrill Medical Services. The price reduction was relatively moderate, after a relatively low share of Ma Riboko products in the city of Nanjing, which is expected to pass through this gathering.
Price swaps to help Murray quickly open up the local market. Chart 109: Mérico products - shares. Chart 110: Mérico products - cervical vertebrae
Chart 111: Méri Osteoporosis Products - Unit Microshape Lockboard for the Proximity of the Osteoporosis (trauma-type products)
The endoscopic track is in its early stages, with a national production rate of less than 10%. Our domestic market for the mirrors is relatively short in terms of the country’s development time, according to China’s report on the development of the medical equipment industry, 2018.
90% of the internal endoscopic market is foreign, with less than 10% of the country's product plate. Microscopic surgery has a significant advantage over traditional surgery: 1) small openings reduce the risk of infection; 2) clearer vision of the operation with the help of a camera system; 3) patient recovery is faster and shorter.
Hospital hours to increase hospital turnover; 4) patients can undergo multiple minor surgeries in a relatively short period of time. Trends suggest that microsurgery is moving rapidly around the world and is now being extended to general surgery, gynaecology, urology, chest surgery, ear and throat, paediatrics, and the vast majority of traditional ordinary surgeons.
We can do all of this through an endoscopic microscopic operation, and there is still much room for further development in our domestic products, and Murray's entry is expected to benefit from industry growth and import substitution.e = frinst&sullivan forecast.
The pet dogs and cats are the main types of pets in the country, accounting for 54% and 43% of our pets in 2019.
The White Paper on Industry data shows that in 2020 there were more than 100 million pet dogs and cats in towns and cities across the country, but there was still room for growth in our country, with a low rate of pet breeding at about 17 per cent in 2019, well below developed countries such as the United States (about 67 per cent), Australia (about 62 per cent) and the United Kingdom (about 44 per cent).
Animal medicine has a certain off-the-shelf character, compared to policies such as collection and medical insurance fees in the human drug and medical equipment market, and because pet medicine is self-funded and does not involve the payment of resources such as health insurance, the policy risk for pets is relatively low. Moreover, competition in the domestic veterinary equipment market is now more fragmented, and Murray is less competitive.
The entry as a core of the instrument plate is more competitive in many fields of research and development, marketing, financing and operation, and may quickly open the market for animal medicine.
Diagram 115: Murray Animal Medical Products - Chart 116: Murray Animal Medical Products - Animal Colored Doppler Ultrasound System vetus
Beasts use full automatic blood cell analyser bc- animal anesthesiologist watoex-35vet
"Swiss" system: from hardware to information interconnection and data, the company used to sell hardware equipment, but in the broader context of the construction of intelligent hospitals and new medical infrastructure, it launched Sichuan (for life information support, launched in 2019), Suh Xiuun (for medicine)
The hospital can purchase hardware or a combination of hardware and related triit systems on a demand-driven basis. The "Swiss" system is an increase in information and data from the original hardware sales.
Value services to meet hospital needs for information interconnection and management. Currently, the system is either following up on or becoming a new income growth point during the accelerated process of admission:
By the end of 2021, the number of single hospitals signed by the RIZIT programme had cumulatively exceeded 200, of which over 200 were added in 2021.
More than 150 installed hospitals, including the Beijing Institute for Peace, Wuhan and Wu-Hanzi, and the University of Zhengzhou, First Auxiliary Hospital: Suh Xiu-yun: for medical video equipment, for remote consultation, distance teaching, case discussion, etc.
Scene scenes. Shigeun assisted several hospitals with remote consultations during the new crown epidemic. As of the end of 2021, Shigeun had more than 1,300 cumulative installed machines and more than 1,100 new installed machines in 2021;
Full-flow digitized management of the warehouse, section refrigerators and completed monitoring of instrumentation, reagent accuracy. By the end of 2021, nearly 60% of the hospitals had been installed, 60% of which were level-III hospitals.
RMB 390.0: This target is valued at a multiplier of 0.4 standard deviations from the average valuation level for the past three years for Méri Medical Services (see the target is valued at multiples of 40 times the average pe valuation for the last three years for a medical unit unit unit)
(a) There is a certain premium (see figure 119), which mainly reflects the more defined growth prospects, stronger R & D capabilities, greater scale effects and greater ability to travel to the sea as industry leaders;
Peg, taking into account the differences in the valuation levels of the shares as a whole with the Euro-American stock market and the policy risks that medical equipment produced in the country can face, we believe that the coefficient is reasonable, benefiting from new medical infrastructure, import substitution, overseas market drive, and higher penetration rates of high-end appliances.
We expect Murray to earn 22% of its business income by 2020-23ecagr, and 25% of its net profit during the same period. Life information and support: domestic revenues are expected to continue to benefit from an increase in orders for icu-related products driven by new health infrastructure, while overseas revenues benefit from continued penetration into high-end markets, and
In vitro-diagnoses: expected to supplement self-researching of core materials upstream of ivd upon completion of the acquisition of hytest, support high-end product R & D, gradually narrow the technology gap with overseas taps, booms, sustained release of products such as bc-7500crp is expected to boost the income of the plate, and projected income of the plate is expected to increase.
Medical Images: It is expected that the colour super business will continue to supplement the high-end and ultra-high-end product lines, and that the plate Poo-jin International will be uncertain if the subsequent instrument collection is subject to a large price reduction and if it involves the Murray core sales category.
New infrastructure for health is slowing down. Taxes are falling during the epidemic, or there is a certain impact on short-term government investment, and if government investment slows, the pace of new infrastructure for health will be negatively affected.
The overseas market is one of the main directions of Murray’s development. In the event of geopolitical risks, the overseas regulatory agencies have adopted policies that are not conducive to the overseas operations of China’s medical equipment industry, or have responded to them.
R & D slows down and products are not as competitive as expected. If M & M does not continue to invest in R & D and improve the layout of high-end product lines as expected, it will have a negative effect on the growth of M & M domestic and foreign revenues.
Promising and pessimistic scenario Pessimistic scenario: corporate income growth is not as high as expected
The company's main business is covered by a company based in Shenzhen, which is a leading company in the production of medical devices in our country.
Life Information and Support, In vitro Diagnosis, Medical Images are three major areas of medical equipment, and are gradually expanding to animal medicine, micro-inventive surgery, and bone-consuming materials. Murray was founded in 1991 and successfully listed as China’s first medical equipment company on the New York Stock Exchange in 2006.
There are now more than 30 provincial and municipal autonomous regions in China, 39 of their sons and sons abroad, and nine research and development centres around the world. More than 10,000 people are employed globally, with R&D personnel accounting for nearly 26% of the total.
More than 12 per cent of expatriate workers, from more than 30 countries and regions around the world, have developed vast global research and development, and in the area of life information and support, corporate products include custodians, defibrillators, anesthetic machines, respirators, electrocardiograms, operating beds, operating lights, chandelier bridging, pump and operating/heavy care rooms.
(or/icu) A combination of instruments and solutions for vital information monitoring and support, as well as a micro-surgery series of products including surgical cosmography systems, cold light, abdominal machines, optical endoscopic mirrors, microscopic surgical devices and surgical consumables.
In the field of in vitro diagnosis, the company provides laboratories, clinics and hospitals with a range of fully automated and semi-automatic in vitro diagnostic products, mainly blood cell analysers, biochemical analysers, chemical luminous immune analysers, condensers, urine analysers, microbiological diagnostic systems, etc., and related reagents through the human body.
In the field of medical imagery, company products include ultrasound diagnostic systems, digital x-ray imaging systems and pacs.
In the area of ultrasound diagnostic systems, hospitals, clinics, video centres, etc., are provided with a full range of ultrasound diagnostic systems from high-end to low-end, as well as a gradual breakdown of specialized solutions applied to different clinical professions such as radioactivity, maternity, intervention, emergency care, anesthesia, severe illness, liver fibres, etc.
Several digital imaging solutions, including mobile, double-column and suspended, are available for radiology, icu and emergency services.
Ping-jin International, Pil-Ying International, Pil-Ying International, Spop-Bing International.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report, PHPI International, expressed and assured its right to receive this report under the following conditions, and agreed to do so:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the production of group information and other publicly available information by the French Corps-Pulse International Securities Company Ltd. (collectively known as the “Palang International Securities”) that engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
The information contained in this report shall not be used by any person for any other purpose. It shall not be construed as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as being exclusively for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively “Pulang International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell.