A high-quality head content platform that embraces change is holding the base plate, breaking the circle and hitting again, and we think that mangotv has reaped young, female consumption with high sticky + strong consumption.
Household groups, which create a differentiated competitive advantage in the segmenting of the market, form the company's “base plate.” Given that the consumption capacity of male users is expected to increase in the future, the company has begun to “break through” the field by adding codes to detectives, casting questions and drawing on the company's excellent content-making and play-selection capabilities, mangos.
The potential of tv to “break the circle” is long overdue, and the future is expected to drive sustained growth in corporate performance.
The "Sisters of the Wave" and "My Home" series, which are interesting and entertaining, also take into account social thinking, the comparison of company prices with deep 300 trends and the export of values, and the ability to upgrade cultural products to cultural phenomena, thus creating a source of money.
At the same time, a combination of the content and channels of the company with full-licensed advantages enables the development of the “Mang Man” beyond the income of the business, and the creation of the “Second Competing Curve” of the company, the “Mang Man” is a completely new power vendor model for the “Video+Integrity+Elector”, while the main power of the company's shopping is the main power.
Given the high degree of convergence between the population and the core user group of the company, it is a natural advantage for the company to develop a new power provider. We believe that, as the company actively explores ways to diversify, it is possible to invest further in mango excess power by investing in Hunan.
For the company's three main advantages: content, channels, fans operating directly off the capacity of Hunan's wide power system, and it's very convenient and direct between the company and Hunan's wide power, both in terms of the movement of people and products; the channel is through the identity of the state-owned flagship media.
We believe that Hunan is still innovative and sustainable.
The system of surrogate capabilities will continue to grow in importance for future companies in Hunan’s broadband system, as the television industry becomes less important. Industry regulation is too strict to be expected; the programme is not on-line as expected; advertising owners are reluctant to invest.
And expected; users are growing less than expected. 1.1 whole industry chain layout of state controlled eco-type media, with significant advantages
The company, formerly Happy Shopping Co. Ltd., in June 2018, had fun with mangos, the daily entertainment media, mango visions, mango entertainment packages and was officially listed as the country's first national new media company to be born out of the traditional electricity system.
In July 2018, Happy Buy was officially renamed Mango SuperMechanism. It benefited from the effective integration of Mango into the entire industrial chain, which enabled companies to take the lead in the domestic video competition.
The company’s main business is Mangotv’s Internet video business, new media interactive content production, media retailing, and others.
(b) Media whole-chain ecology, which is developed upstream and downstream, including art programmes, artist brokers, music copyright operations, games and ip derivative development, media retailing, consumer finance, etc.
The company’s first major shareholder, Mango Media Ltd., is a fully-owned affiliate of Hunan High Power Company, which holds over 60% of the shares. The media industry has been under strict State control since it is the only national background video platform in the country, whether it is internal or not.
In May 2019, the company introduced a strategic investor to move capital, with the latter participating in the company’s portfolio financing of $1.6 billion to acquire 4.37% of the company’s equity. China’s mobile capital is a fully-owned subsidiary.
In June 2019, the company signed a strategy with the Chinese mobile flag, Mimi Goo, to cooperate fully and strategically in basic telecommunications operations, high-quality copyright content, 5g areas, household products, overseas outreach, strategic investments, and other incremental operations. China’s movement is the country’s first shipment.
Businesses, this capital collaboration is expected to help companies complete the business expansion and transformation of mango ecology. Figure 3 Corporate equity structure 1.2 mangotv is the core driver platform for corporate growth
The company, based on the integrated media ecology characteristic of Tomango, fully exploits its strengths in content production, whole-sector chains, industrial synergies, and its performance continues to grow steadily, leading to a turn-over, with the company benefiting for the first time in 2017 (the five subsidiaries of Retrospective Buying and Reorganization) becoming the country ' s only current profit-making long video platform.
Of the total number of businesses, Mangotv Internet video business is the core business of the company, while Mangotv Internet video business is centred on the Internet video business, which in 2019 generated $5,044 million, the same amount.
The growth rate of 56.45% has been sustained and strongly driven by a steady rise in corporate revenue. And 2018-2020h1, income from Internet video business consists mainly of members of Mangotv and advertising revenue, based on a core new media video operating platform, Mangotv, which continuously exports innovative, high-quality home-grown solo content, membership income and the like.
The revenue from advertising has continued to rise, with the Internet video business of 2020h1 receiving 3,946 million yuan, an increase of 29.42 per cent over the same period, with members earning 1,418 million yuan, an increase of 80.40 per cent over the same period, and rising incomes. The company's precise targeting of “young, urban, female” platform users has continued to increase in the number of paid members.
Long, as of 2020h1, Mangotv had 27.6 million active members, an increase of 50.57% from the beginning of the year, with members earning 1.690 billion yuan, an increase of more than 100% over the same period. Companies are marketing content in advertising, taking advantage of production integration, with 2020h1 generating 1,798 million yuan in advertising, an increase of 5.83% over the same period.
The slowdown was mainly due to a quarterly strategy of companies to adjust their content products to the impact of the epidemic, which, with the resumption of production, increased by 32% in the second quarter, returning to a positive growth trend. In the first half of the year 2020, the public sector increased the advertising bill for the broad-based arts project by almost 50%, and the " Sisters in the Wind" hiring data updated many of the rules.
The total number of advertising clients is over 40, the number of ads is steadily increasing, and the total number of advertising subscriptions is increasing in comparison with the number of members and the number of mangotv members in figures 72016-2020h1 tv, in the name of ip such as "The Wives' Romantic Travel " , " Big Break " , etc.
The online video industry is expected to open up the second half of the session with content-setting, free billboard advertising, and revenue from the early completion of the film; advertising revenue, i.e., revenue from advertising on the platform and from the video postings, in which Mango supermedia also includes income from advertising sponsors at the content production level; content operations
Income, i.e. revenue from copyright transactions, including direct sales of copyrights and recognized income from copyright replacements. 2020q1, user fees in the online video industry in China exceeded 50% for the first time. 2018q2-2020q1, in the online video industry income structure in China, advertising revenues continued to decline, while users charged fees.
The share of income has continued to rise. According to Irey’s consulting data, the share of income paid by users in the online video industry in China has been affected by a further contraction to 26.5 per cent, while household income has led to a more sticky increase in user income, which for the first time exceeded 50 per cent.
Figure 92018q2-2020q2 China's online video market revenue structure Online video industry, single-discreet payments + the age of payments around activities or coming. For Mangotv, following a one-time payment (member 3 yuan, non-member 12 yuan) at the Nznd concert of the fifth season of Ming Star Detectives, Man
Gotv tried again to pay for a single period of the arts, and the Young Mango festival was particularly designed to connect the two S-class arts, "Classroom Break Out Second Season" and "Sisters on the Wind" were launched. Two issues of "Class Break Out x Sisters on the Wind" were set at $12 for members and 18 for non-member packages. And Yoko launched "This is the Street Dance" for video help.
A public-interest classroom event with a pay-for-the-pay show leader's Plaus package, which contains the team leader's big show, a studio version, a collection documentary and a full logo film, a cool member, a cool member, a cool member, $6 and a non-member, $12.
The number of members of major video platforms has been rising in recent years, which has led to a rise in members’ income. As of 2020h1, the number of members of the Aichi culture and the evangelical video has exceeded 100 million, and the number of members of each video site is increasing.
Video platforms contribute to the growth of membership and income by enriching content supply, increasing the experience of paying users, etc. Akichi's membership income in 2018 and 2019 has exceeded 10 billion dollars. For members of most video platforms, it is essential to avoid advertising before the video is played.
Members’ rights and interests, and pre-post advertisements are often the main way of advertising, so when membership numbers and members’ incomes are rising, there is a certain decline in advertising earnings. In the case of Aichi, before 2018, Aichi advertising earned more than members’ income, but data for 2018 and 2019 show that members' earnings are already in place.
Changes in the income structure also reflect the evolution of the industry. From early advertising revenues, copyright revenues dominate, to the increased competition for and self-regulation of headline content by platforms in recent years, the number of paid members has increased.
Quick, member income catch-up. We believe that, as the demographic dividend disappears in the future, and macroeconomics are unable to sustain the high growth of the past, display-based advertising on video platforms will remain weak and their income share will decline further. The importance of member income will increase significantly, and industry growth will be more inclined towards the arppu value.
The logic of upgrading is that industry prices will rise, and members’ income ratios will continue to rise. At the same time, focusing on members and keeping them solo will also reduce the amount and frequency of copyright transactions, and the share of copyright operating revenues will decline. 2.2 The industry is expected to face overall price increases.
In our view, there are two main reasons why domestic video platforms have not been able to raise prices for a long time: consumers’ payment habits have not been fully developed, and price increases are likely to result in loss of user fees; industry is highly competitive and cannot provide significant differentiation on the content side, and a price increase could result in loss of user to other platforms.
The impact of these two factors has now diminished. First, payment habits have been largely developed, and consumers’ payment habits have gradually shifted from free viewing in the past to multi-platform payments.
With the exception of Mango tv, there has been a slowdown in the growth of subscriptions to video channels up to 2020h1. While at the content level, the three E-Teams are still not significantly different, they are subject to the pressure of hundreds of millions of years of content costs, and
In May 2020, Aichi culture officially went online, declaring the platform upgraded to serve its members. The Aki culture "Star Drilling vip" privileges include free viewing of the show at the front page, and exemption from the Star Drilling Theatre.
In terms of prices, “Star drilling dollars (of which $19 is the first month) is worth $218 a year and $248 a month for 12 months.
Although the newly introduced Star Drilling membership has increased in membership, we believe that its essence is a price-added strategy, and that the overall price increases paid by members of the domestic video industry will be opened. In fact, this price increase is not an empty one, as early as 2019, all three A-Y-Y indicated that the price will rise in the future.
Since then, membership fees have been largely maintained for 15-25 yuan/month (not including the ott end), and the value of the monthly arppu has been consistently below $15 for long periods of membership promotion. In contrast, the long video industry is not unattainable, and we're counting the main foreign-based media companies, including the one in the world.
Several platforms, including Netflix, have raised prices several times. And each price increase, although it will put pressure on membership growth in the short term, will not affect membership growth in the long run.
In all its forms, the industry as a whole is expected to increase, and the income of its members will be the main increase in the size of the industry.
Given the fundamental nature of income, but the high cost of obtaining exclusive copyrights often results in high operating costs, platforms are gradually increasing the proportion of home-grown content, saving huge copyright costs, enriching their own content reserves, and further promoting user fees for content.
For the first time, the proportion of home-made plays goes beyond copyrights, and the proportion of home-made dramas in Aichi is already over 50%. Self-made is designed to have control over the source of content, while also facilitating the production of platform-modified products.
It is also important for potential users to increase municipal coverage. For both solo and so forth, so as to avoid the diversion of their own video platforms, a flashwork can effectively expand its user base, and a combined broadcaster can generate the corresponding copyright distribution revenue.
A number of head shows and polyclinics have been chosen as exclusives, of which the top 10 series in 2018 took the form of exclusive broadcasts. The increase in the proportion of home-made and exclusive content will inevitably reduce the distribution of content to the various platforms.
But this is the choice of a corporate strategy, which is better used to attract new users and increase the retention rate by using headlines, than the revenue generated by the distribution of content.
3.1 Content: Accompanies core values and leads youth culture Mangotv takes a unique path of video-ecological construction that does not sell anxiety, but rather offers answers for users.
Let every contentip solve a social focus, so as to elevate the cultural product to a cultural phenomenon, and form a mango-specific logic. For example, the focus of the Sisters of the Wind has been on its view of the “30+” femininity of the society, showing a femininity struggle in the form of a selection show.
In the same way, "The Romantic Travel of the Wives" and "The Relationships of the Daughters" lead the younger generation to build harmonious family relationships; cases selected by Big Star and "The Secret Room Runaway" are based on reality, hoping to trigger social phenomena such as bullying in schools.
Thinking. It is these social phenomena and values that have been shown to be painful for young people, triggering a move and widespread discussion that has led to the upgrading of the pip from a cultural product to a cultural phenomenon. At the strategic level, Mangotv labels “youth,” “positive energy,” and so on, through a variety of phenomena.
Youth dramas and ip activities are constantly active and are based on adherence to mainstream core values and are committed to being a cultural leader for young people. At the creative level, the creative model of the Induced Zone has been used to mobilize the expertise of creative teams and to develop the Qing Man Plan, the Young People's Initiative and the Young People's Initiative have encouraged young interns to participate in content creation and stimulate creativity in the X generation.
Seven film and entertainment companies, such as the United Chinese Film and Television, the Cool Film and the Deep Blue Film industry, have worked together strategically to benefit from good quality financing. At the operational level, they focus on the original content of Mangotv or the co-founder of the joint content, while introducing popular ip videos by young people, constantly improving their ability to produce and select content, with the aim of “low cost, concern, integrity”.
Mango tv has a better original gene, unlike the Quality Atom. Mango tv has a very rapid rise in the maintenance of the content resources of the Hunan Guard, which also transmits the youth genetics and excellence of the Hunan Guard.
At the same time, the mangotv polytechnics are so powerful that they have a well-established content-making system. Mangotv has more than 1,500 content producers, and has dominated a number of popular art programmes, including Stars, Wife's Romantic Travel, and Sisters in the Wind.
3.2 Channels: Enabling content, full licence advantages are obvious. The company currently covers terminals such as mobile end, pc end, and television end. One Internet company operates easier on mobile end and pc end, but the other end, whether wired, is easier.
Television operations, which are reflected in the company’s financial statements as operators, consist mainly of ott operations, iptv operations and other value added.
In the case of iptv, the company has acquired, through the authorization of the Hunan Wire, the right to operate in connection with the iptv national content service license plate, the iptv Provincial Integrated Broadcasting Service license plate; In the case of ottv, the company owns the ottv ISP and the content service licence plate, and it has two licences.
The company’s operator’s operations have grown steadily in recent years, thanks to the scarcity of full-licensing operations, and it has reached 31 provincial administrative regions across the country, with more than 150 million users as of 2020h1.
Figure 21iptv combines content with the Internet TV regulatory map channel to generate excess returns. The full license plate and content enforcement combines the company's operators.
Business also has an advantage. It is present in the content industry chain, in production, distribution, terminals, and in the company ' s upstream and middle-stream links, which is conducive to maximizing the profits from the industry chain. We compare the advantages of the company, where the operator ' s business is more similar to that of the new agent ' s shares, in both iptv and ottv.
The biggest difference between the two companies is that mangos have their own content-making capabilities, and the new media are more likely to work with outsiders through license plates. The differences in business models between the two parties are reflected in financial data.
In 2019, the company’s Māori rate rose steadily and continued to be higher than the share in the new media, and we believe that the difference in Māori rate is the most obvious evidence of the public content + channel advantage. It is worth noting that since 2016, more households have been using iptv in Guangdong than Hunan, which means that the base share of the new media in the Šiptv business is far higher than mango.
In our view, both content production and the integration and transmission of television services are highly regulated areas in the country, so the advantages of the company’s channels are reflected mainly in its role as a new media platform for state-owned holdings.
On this basis, the company’s content-making advantages are combined with its channels to improve its strengths, bringing the level of income beyond the level of co-workers and the Māori ratio.
The company has a large share of its head, and the theme of the 2020 theme is "Cyclical art." "Cyclical art" means the recording of a family or family, the restoration of life roles and life scenes, and an emotional view of relationships, marriage, childcare and relationships between generations, such as "Where's Daddy?"
Love, et cetera. Mango tv is the most popular and recognizable form of self-promoting entertainment in the years 2017-2019. According to the Mongo Youth Marketing Institute ' s 2019 Questionnaire, Mango tv has 69% of its own patriarchy on a video platform represented by "Beauty"
The company is the country’s first most unquestionable team in the production of comprehensive art programmes. In recent years, the company has been successful in creating multi-stellar innovations such as Star Tremendous Travel of Wives and Wild Kitchen.
According to Ye Eun, between January 2016 and April 2020, the number of Mango programmes in the first 10 years of the monthly exhibition of the Mongo programme has increased.
Three out of the top ten on the monthly billboard, and most of them four to five in the top ten, close to one and a half of the top ten. In the top ten shows on the monthly list, high quality of the head, such as Big Star Detective, Singer Series, Life in the Way, and 2020, are often shown on a one-stop basis.
The new version of "Friends Listen" is shown on Mango tv. Figure 2816.1 - 2020.4 shows the top 10 mango programmes and the Mango tv exclusive, as shown by the Mongo tv list of polystyres published by the Chamber of Commerce in 2020, in Mango tv '2020
In addition, the Women's Secret Garden invited the Red Via to unlock the stars' shopping records by means of a live broadcast, which is a new kind of “carrying” art.
The New Mangang project focuses on the film. The video set is a relatively weak item of Mango tv, but it is still active. In 2019, Mango tv was on the line for more than 30 home-made shows, and Mango, a super-magnetized subsidiary of Mango, had a better view of the show.
A lot of dramas like "The Family of the City" from the entertainment media, the 15th award of the Ministry of the Spirit, the "Five Ones" award, and so on, have far-reaching social implications.
In 2019, Mangotv launched the New Mangang Project, which aims to identify a group of potential candidates.
He also signed the New Man Plan's strategic studio, which includes seven companies, such as viewing, creative media, Star Lotus, morning stars, glimmering film, homogenous media, and Mi-Sin, and others.
The main plan of the New Mango project is for a listed company, Mango Supermedia, to make up 20 million yuan per year, and Mangotv, to be set up as a special fund for the New Mango project, for the selection and adaptation of high quality literature in and outside the market.
Looking to be broadcast on the Hunan Vigilance and Mangotv two-stage platform to maximize financial incentives for the creation of quality content, the theme of Mangotv's episode is also “Young” in the context of the 2020 h2 Mangotv episode, which covers a variety of topics such as cities, suspense, antiques, and Mango Man, and it is expected that Mangotv will be supplied in 2020 with more than a watchful view.
The company announced on September 27, 2020 that no more than $4.5 billion had been proposed for additional funding, of which $4 billion had been allocated to the content database expansion project.
The division will divide the visual content into s, a, and b levels at different levels. In this category, level B refers to content, small product inputs, but high market compatibility, especially among women consumers, and even to the phenomenon of small-scale investment and output; and level a and higher s, in the configuration of actors, dressways, visual presentation, etc.
The project proposes to purchase Internet exclusive copyrights for six S-rated cinemas, and to create (and custom-made) rights for 11a-grade cinemas, and 18 S-grade comprehensive media programmes. From the level of company input into the film, we can see that companies are always of good quality.
At the core, and through the acquisition of copyrights for cinemas and the design and customization of cinemas, comprehensive arts, and customizing strategies, rich companies will be able to develop content resources in their copyright pools, create content barriers, and further enhance their competitive position within the industry. At a step-by-step level, companies will be able to plan and use them in different directions.
The understanding of household needs, the flexible production of content products, the enrichment of product levels, the full coverage of the needs of different types of users, the “break-down” of enabling companies. 3.4 content is self-contained and cost-effective.
Mangotv's outstanding performance in the field of amphibious arts and cinemas has benefited from its strong production capacity. According to bone data, half of the content of the platform's top20 was self-made (crowding out the introduction of the Hunan Guard), and the proportion of home-made content compared to the head video platform, such as "Eyot"
Powerful home-grown capabilities and the export of uniquely high-quality resources from Hunanguard have enabled Mangotv to keep its high-quality home-made content out of the copyright business. Excellent home-grown and well-developed content systems have avoided high copyright costs, with a single set price of over 10 million in 2019.
At the same time, as the new media operating platform under the Hunan wide power flag, the preferential right to buy the Hunan watch copyright has significantly reduced the cost of doing business. According to the Mango super-media annual report, Mangotv’s copyright for 2017-2019 was released.
And content production costs 1.2 billion, 1.7 billion, and 2.6 billion, respectively, compared to head video distribution platforms, Achicchi, Achicchi, 2017-2019, with content production costs of $12.61 billion, $21.06 billion, and $22.2 billion. The huge advantage of the cost side makes Mangotv the first video operating platform to be profitable.
3.5 High-quality content boosts advertising revenue, derivatives drive members to regenerate, and, according to ctr data, is under pressure from macroeconomic slowdowns and domestic advertising market cases are under-costed.
At the same time, corporate advertising revenues in 2019 amounted to $3.35 billion, an increase of 33.5 per cent over the same period, compared to 10.8 per cent in 2019 for Aichi. In our view, the company’s excellent performance in advertising is due mainly to the push of soft implants in content production.
Figure 412015-2019 Aichi, Mangotv advertising revenues and their increase
Incomings rise. Like Mango tv, "My Daughters" show, over 250 million broadcasts, super-hungry shows, leading to a rise in the heat of the Celebrity Fair, 24 hours after the show, only the flow of the product rises by more than 11%, and the search of "My Daughters" at the Congregation Station enters the top five in one night, with the same health products, feathers and bubbles as stars.
The search volume and sales, such as the scaffolds, have doubled, while the other phenomenon-scale polygamy, "The Romantic Travel of the Wives" , has led to a five-fold increase in sales by olay to the top of the Internet-protected brand sales in 2018, even in the advertising market.
Under the circumstances, popular art shows continue to be well marketed, as in the case of the 2020q1 launch of "Friends, listen to your friends," which attracts 11 advertising sponsors. For the exclusive home-made Acetex and the Hunantian good-quality copyrights, Mangotv has “strong members.”
The "Sexy" derivative development has created a multiplicity of "1+1" derivatives for members, which has created new pay-for-pay growth points and increased membership capacity and the size of membership payments. For example, a high-quality platform, "Where Daddy goes 4" and Mango tv, which started with a single-line derivative, "Daddy with the Baby", contains a large number of guests from the original film.
Unbroadcasted clips meet users’ needs for viewing, and aired from Monday to Friday, the main feature of the philanthropy program was to build a core of users on weekends, the derivatives to continue the heat during the week and develop a new format for the presentation of new users.
The week-long heat and the introduction of a “dividing from the positive to the positive”, such as the “Plus for Life” version, which includes many unblowed flowers in the original film, followed the strategy of deriving the programme before the positive, with the positive effect of attracting the main programme audience, for Mangotv's current heat, in the first three issues.
(b) The Singer's Secrets innovation uses vlog to record the background of singers in Singer 2019, excavating the pre-play rehearsal, and is aired on a weekly basis to sustain Singer 2019.
Thermality: Friends listen to the secret editions of the membership festival for the 2020q1 popular show "Friends listen" and single-line clippings for guests, which are aired uninterruptedly during the week.
4.1 Users are well positioned, differentiated constructs competitive advantages User attributes determine platform attributes and combine the platform with content depth to serve the user. Compared to the larger and full " Quality Atoms " , Mangotv users have more vertical properties, female-dominated and younger depending on the art.
For example, 77% of the users of Mangotv are women and only 23% men, while the ratio of users of Achilles, Tetsu Videos, and Excellents is almost equal for men and women. In terms of user age, over 70% of users of Mangotv are under 30 years of age and 35.5% of users under 24 years of age, compared to Achilles, Tetsu Video, and Coolness.
In recent years, Mangotv has been using “Young, Urban, and Female” as a platform to promote content ecology around young women's target groups, with a view to strengthening the mainstream use of figure 45 mangotv.
Figure 44 Mangotv, Ratio of Ae-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e
We believe that the content of the platform, the content of the anti-breeding platform, is linked to the depth of the platform ' s properties, that it helps to create a differentiated competitive advantage in the segmenting of the market, and that companies continue to introduce "feminine-to-mango-to-manufacture" and stabilize the core fundamentals. According to the Irei index, the share of female users of the Mangotv platform reached 76.1% in 2019.
At the same time, the figure for Mongotv's home-made so-called "Mothers and Mothers" is 83.62% for women and 78.87% for women.
. Mangotv has a strong grasp of the location of the "young, urban, female" platform users, further upgrading the accurate user group by continuously introducing the "feminine-to-manufactured" mix, which is driven by the content of the platform. At the same time, clear positioning allows advertisers to select channels for advertising.
Mangotv’s differentiated competitive strategy has brought young and female users with high sticky + strong consumption capabilities. As we all know, women consume much more than men, and mangotv’s predominantly female user attributes mean that they are more likely to be able to use them.
Users can consume much more than other video platforms, and in the future mango tv may have great potential for realization.
At the same time, mango tv users are more sticky, and data released in April 2019 by the mango supermoderator show that mango tv has a penetration rate of 43 per cent, well above the industry average of 18 pcts. 4.2 fans are economically active to boost user transformation.
The unique advantage of the company is that, based on a clear picture of the users of "youth" and "feminine" and in conjunction with the fans of the Hunan Broadband system for many years, the members of the platform are being fanned and become more user-oriented.
Fans have built a fan building, a fan building that symbolizes a strong bond between Hunan and fans. In the face of the Internet’s c-consumer-centred fan economy, Mangotv built a fan house on the line based on an already existing fan base in Hunan.
After taking advantage of Mangotv's solo strategy, the fans watched Hunan's habit of viewing the polysynthetic, naturally and naturally, be held by Mangotv. This "Focus-driven" model allows Mangotv to quickly accumulate the number of users that other video sites have only been able to reach through long hours of operation, effectively making it possible for the Hunan channel fans to reach Mangotv users and members.
On the conversion of Hunan Watch fans to Mangotv users, in 2014 Mangotv was brand-new, and in the same year, Hunan Watch launched the Mango Souls Strategy, announcing that the future home-made programming of Hunan Watch would be broadcast exclusively by Mangotv. According to the November data from Eriivideotracker, Mangotv's channel has a wide range of users in the industry.
A 26.8% share, which accounts for more than 40% of industry users in just one year, has played an important role in the flow of Hunan Watch fans. The popular show Flowers and Juniors, Singers 3rd quarter, and First Year University Seasons once put Mangotv clients at the top of the list of appstore free-of-charge clients, who used to be the mango tvs every day.
Two million users. Compared to January 2015, the number of users of Mango tvapp grew by 59.7 per cent in November 2015, while the number of users of the user sticky increased by 70.9 per cent. Since 2018, Mango tvapp has had a total monthly activity of 100 million people affected by home-based policies, users ' demand for online entertainment culture has grown rapidly, and mango content has grown rapidly.
tv, through new forms such as "Cloud Recording" and "Cloud Fluctuation" , brings quality content to the audience with maximum resistance to the risk of infection, increasing the number of mango tvapp monthly lives in March 2020 to about 110 million, down to 100 million since July.
Figure 492018 - 2020 Mango tvapp monthly activity (mau) (in thousands) With the conversion of Mango tv users to Mango tv members, Mango tv is deep-ploughing the fan economy, opening up differences in content operation to drive new members. It is difficult to support Mango tv solely by looking at the original fan base in the south of the lake.
As a long-term video platform, Mangotv relies on a powerful content-ip reserve to create a differentiated membership system that builds the foundation of its own fans. In terms of content differentiation, Mangotv tries water “nets before the stage” and “members before the stage” and the first members of the industry take the lead.
In 2018, Mango tv published a new strategy for the "1+9 super-energy membership rights matrix" that focuses on top-of-the-board content clusters.
With nine distinct lines of activity, a new system of membership rights has been created, both online and below, opening up new channels of direct contact with users at zero distance, linking "user" and "content" closely, increasing the sense of experience and stickyness of paying members, and facilitating interaction between platforms and fans.
4.3 When the “Breaking Circle” was conducted, the video set was launched. Mangotv's user's “basic plate” was young and high-level women, and about 80-90% of the content on the platform was targeted at young female users.
Sex content, compared to the many and full features of the film set, highlights the differences in content in Mangotv, where urban types of love are absolutely leading, at 35%, and home-made women are more likely to play in youth, idols, and sweet pets.
Figure 512017-2019 shows the distribution of mangotv platform user drawings and dramas, taking into account the extent to which the company has reached a certain level of users in this circle, and in order to meet the benefits of a future increase in male sex users' consumption, the company has now begun to make the appropriate extension - "Close."
For companies, “circle break” is the ratio of subjects, orientations, and types of plays produced to expand the user base and achieve sustained growth. From 2020h2, the company anticipates that more than 50% of the content will be targeted at new groups, and that in the future the “circle breakup” will be proportional.
As much as two-thirds, only one-third of the content is directed at young women. In addition to content-related planning, companies also have creative teams to guide the “breakdown.” The “break-up” has begun, and the video series has been preceded by a gradual addition of detectives, paranoia, realism, and other topics.
According to statistics, a total of 15 films are currently scheduled to be filmed and ready for broadcast in 2021, of which a total of six are for “circumcised” works: one in the category of detectives ("Hunting"); three in the category of suspense ("The Secret of Incompatibility", "Standing with Two Faces", "The Something in the Hand"); and two in the category of contemporary reality ("Dear Man in the Seal",
Questmobile data indicate that in June 2020, new users of Mangotv were still predominantly female, with more female users than industry.
The average is nearly 10 pcts, and the side-sided evidence of the growth potential of mangotv “circle breaking” for male users is also available; at the same time, the data also indicate that the number of new users of mangotv is dominated by young users under 30 years of age, and that the number of new users in this age group is far below the industry average of nearly 10 pcts, and the number of new users in mangotv is also well below the industry average.
“Breaking the circle” can be achieved by expanding the proportion of persons over 30 years of age.
5 Management is keenly motivated, talent development and retention mechanisms are well developed, and 5.1 Hunan wide power reform is moving forward, releasing the full value of the mango system. Investment in mango super-mega is an investment in Hunan wide power. Three of the advantages of mangos are analysed above: content, canals.
In the course of their operations, Dao and fans are able to move directly from the production capacity of the Hunan wide power system and are very convenient and direct between the company and Hunan wide power, whether on the movement of people or products; through the use of the identity of the state-funded flagship media, they are given Internet television content integration plates, as well as the iptv of the Hunan wide power authority.
Integrated license plates; operating with the help of many years of content cultivation and vast channels in Hunan, we believe that Hunan is still an innovative system with continuous iterative capacity, and that the company’s importance in Hunan’s wide power system will continue to grow in the future, as the television industry becomes less important.
The first wave of reforms began in 1993, when Wei Wenbin took over the flag. We started a series of reforms starting with Wei Wenbin's official chairmanship of the Hunan Radio and Television Hall in 1993.
On the top of the three sides of the "Sung Star" and the establishment of the Hunan Vision and Experimental Producer System, the Hunan Vision opened the door to reform, while the Huannan Vision was headed by Ouyang Changlin and Lu Huingbin as his assistant. The "Lucky Thirty-Seven-One" of the Lake's Vision ushered in a new era of Chinese television art and was placed in a visual programme.
(b) The second round of reforms continued from 2001 to 2010, mainly in the overall management of programmes, television dramas and advertisements.
In the course of this round of reforms, Super Woman was successfully aired, opening up a model of grass-roots selections and entertainment for all. In 2005, Monroe was named the winner of Super Woman, turned against the wind in the context of the overall decline in the market, and sour yogurt sales were raised from 700 million to 2.5 billion, breakfast.
(a) The increase in milk sales from 100 million to 1 billion, giving the public a view of the power of the “industry”; and the emergence of Super Woman, which has given rise to the creation of the entertainment media, the protection of platforms, the entertainment of artists, the combined creation of stars, performers, television dramas, and comprehensive arts, which have created a virtuous closed circle;
The third round of reforms, from 2010 to 2018, was institutional reform, with the separation of stations, the separation of stations, the partial separation of radio and television stations, and the integration of the industrial sector into the market-based Mango media. The Hunan Television and Hunan Radio and Video Group were merged and reorganized into the new Hunan Radio and Television.
Mango Media Ltd. was born. Following the failure of Hunan Radio to market through the electronic media, the Mango media succeeded in 2018 in getting “shells on the market” by happily buying and changing the name “Mango Super-Mechanism”, so that the company platform of Hunan Radio's absolute shareholdings has been shaped.
As early as 2006, the former Director of the Hunan High Power Authority, Wei Wenbin, established the third round of the Hunan High Power Reform.
Mark one, “two out, one standing up”, which is to say, “Go out of the administration, go out out of the country, and put the market on the table”; Ouyang Chang Lin boldly looked at the whole country and named Hunanbei as “Holly Middle”, and Hunan, “The traditional news channels” changed to “The entertainment, the information-based ones”.
During his tenure, Lu Hwangbin created Mango Media Ltd., the Mango Media Corporation was inaugurated by Hunan Guang, who retired in May of that year, and the Committee of the Province of Huanan Province of China issued an announcement in which Zhang Huali (Chief of Mango Super-Mechanism) is to be the Secretary of the Hunan Radio and Television Party and Chairman of the Board of Directors.
At the Ministry’s “Creation Center” meeting, Zhang Huali offered to create a small mangang power company, with a second increase in the length of electricity in Hunan. This means that, with the growth of mango ecology, Mangotv will then set up a new industrial chain to promote new growth poles and fully release the value of the mango system.
Mangotv sets up a content-making team by introducing a studio system, and through an innovative operating mechanism, activates the driver, and for video production platforms, a good production team is the expression of core competitiveness.
The team “self-driven.” Mangotv promotes the studio model, with each studio set up independently, and is fully involved in the planning of the philosophies project, closing down the cost budget, etc. The platform encourages the studio to make programme proposals based on team expertise, hobbies, etc.
The project is optimized by the participation of several departments, and ultimately by the General Manager’s Office. For programmes that have already been set up, a line of development at different levels is set for resource investment that can guarantee the platform’s sustainable development while giving space to young teams that are fully inclusive and wrong.
In terms of incentives for studio talent, Mangotv uses the model of “Innovation plus incentive plus competition” to create special incentives for innovation and encourage teams to continue to innovate: to incorporate programme advertising revenues, daily hits, membership income, etc. into the system of evaluation and awards, to stimulate the production of quality content; to undertake periodic end-of-life phase-out and to expand the team
In addition to the innovation system that stimulates content creation, the Hunan Guard has put in place a series of policies and incentives.
Incentives for innovation. Like the "Step Plan" launched in 2017, which built a closed system covering creative selection, presentation, evaluation, presentation, presentation, and broadcast of the film, which was conducted through a round-up of votes, with the top three programmes with the opportunity to create a sample, if the program matures, the sample succeeds, and the program is able to target advertising clients.
Fast-tracking. The Xu Xiao Xiao Qing is the winner of the first round of the Quixiang Project, followed by the Quixiang, My House, and so on, and now about 80% of the innovation in Hunan is from the Quixiang Project, which has become an integral part of Hunan Watch.
The creative “Wasan Sword” platform provides the impetus for content creation. Shao’s creativity and programs, and the way in which the top 10 programs are selected for winning the prize in the competition, are selected for production.
(b) Selecting the best creative person “under 30” (3) and finally entering the show.
The winning team will receive 50% of the bonus.
Compared to the "30 Plan Under-Plan", the scheme threshold is further decentralized and is geared towards (1) excellent and mature proposals for improvement, and staff who have been on the stage for less than two years will actually be sent directly to the team and the department concerned.
Students, upon registration by the participants, are referred to; 30 under-principal plan screening will result in a group of “Directors-in-chief”
I'm going to have to turn in every month or go to other TV stations and mature festivals.
Any inspiration can be published at any time; it is directed to all international production companies and electricity.
View platform, call for programme ideas aimed at creating companies or independent productions in current countries with global distribution potential
An image show, by Hunan Watch expert, received over 60 copies of its delivery and an invitation from Cannes TV Festival overseas.
Creative proposal; (2) winner of the competition, in addition to a bonus, of the expert panel's association with the submitted program.
In total, the final championship is expected to be a global hit, and in addition to the awards, the Hunan Watch will vote.
On a global scale, Hunan Watch has invested a lot of resources in creative studios and mangotv production groups.
If the team invests in the creative ideas collected and the power of research and development, the race is over.
If you're interested, you can apply for a model production, a quarterly presentation, and if you're gonna be able to jump in the end,
Mangotv's outstanding performance in the arts and the production of dramas has benefited from excellent production teams and continued failure.
In recent years, the studio system has been vigorously promoted to motivate excellent producers to create autonomous independent studio brands from the point of view of brand incentives, innovation incentives, motivation, motivation, income incentives and development incentives, such as performance distribution, the designation of project value prizes based on “input output” and the use of incentives for creation.
At present, Hunan Watch has 12 independent studios, which have 51% of the directors of the 26 Hunan Watch teams and have completed nearly 80% of Hunan Watch's own programming, winning over 90% of the channel collection.
Figure 58 Mangotv “1+9” hyper-energy membership rights 5.3 shows the importance of talent as a non-standard content for content producers, especially for video and polycrystals.
As can be seen, the ability to retain talent and stimulate its innovation needs to be integrated in the design of the system. Hunan Watch has an organizational structure with a “one-hub three-sector” in which the Director-General acts as the “one-hub hub” with overall responsibility for decision-making, management and day-to-day operation of the Hunan Guard; the main studio, the programme production centre and innovation research.
The CDC, as a “three branches” with a clear division of labour and in collaboration, is responsible for the day-to-day operation of resource planning, integrated production, etc. The programme production centre is responsible for the production of content and the implementation of specific projects for the channel's own programmes, and the innovation research and development centre is responsible for the development of new programmes, including the development of new projects in the channel and co-research of domestic and foreign models.
In order to create a good creative environment for good producers and directors, Hunan Vision has built a closed link to competitive creative productions in terms of activation of the production ecology, content ecology, access to the resources of the main studio, the production centre and the three main sections of the Innovation Research and Development Centre, using data analysis, programming strategies and marketing.
To provide innovation guidance and innovation realization; to provide innovative resources from the Innovation Research and Development Centre with the “Small Plan”; to activate innovation in the production of programmes with a focus on studios, which will result in the closure of the Hunan Vigilant's innovation, giving creative people more jobs and space for development.
6 Explore multiple ways of making money, opening up multiple revenue lines: 6.1 "Maman Plan": hatching the Mango kol, exploring the net-red economy. The short video industry has emerged, and the "Moman Plan" has come to its fore. 2018q2-2019q4, due to the boom in the short video industry.
The online video market space has been squeezed. The short video industry, with its simultaneous information dissemination and cultural entertainment functions, has become an important platform for users to spend their time, and the short video industry has the closest way of cashing together with the flow.
Videos continue to grow in the Chinese entertainment market, and, with limited user time, they squeeze online video market space to some extent. 209q4-2020q2, China’s Internet entertainment market structure stabilizes.
On the other hand, the resumption of work has gradually advanced throughout the country, with a stable Internet entertainment market structure in China, an online video market share of around 25 per cent and a stable monthly active user base in the short video and online video industries, respectively, and as the short video industry flourishes, Mangotv has begun to explore a variety of cash flow channels based on ugc/pgc
There is no reason why the Great Mang Mang is missing the tide of the net-red economy because the company's happy buying business itself has many years of stock, and because it's a mixed-art system, and the brokerage business has been able to incubate the Internet. In this context, the Great Mangang project has emerged.
On the commercial side, the Mango Project screened the content-based web-red, combined with a strategic plan for the alignment of effects, directly generating income for brand clients using the popular "net-red-coloured" model.
On the one hand, the Mango tvip-kol-brands are being marketed; on the other hand, the Mango programme uses its own resources to finance creators, platforms and commercial realizations. On the other hand, it extends the life cycle of the Red kol, and on the other hand, the Mango tv is being carried out through the Mango project.
The transition from pgc to the “pgc+pugc” production system has opened up channels for the distribution of the platform’s diverse content, supplementing the short clips of Mangotv on short video. In addition, the Mango Project has been associated with Mangotv pop-up and re-energizing the net red kol.
Plan Man's video creator, lululu Xie Green Road, was supported by a team behind Dance Storm, which gave an exclusive interview to a number of dancers and increased the visibility of the red kol. In addition, video adults are more organic and have access to high-quality resources, such as head-dwelling flight guests, derivative micro-manufactures, home-made plays, etc.
Gotv will open up to them the s-level art "Daughter's Love 2", "wife's Romantic Travel 3" and "Stars" and, in order to further select star creators, the "Damang Plan" will also launch an incubation campaign for short video creators in higher education.
The Mango project focused on the target audience.
The main components of the Master Plan 2.0 include: first, support for more than 8 million people; second, the establishment of the Mango Institute, the creation of a promotion mechanism, the provision of specialized polyclinics, the provision of specialized places and the establishment of business support; and third, the growth of trained pgc.
Humans are the ultimate target; fourth, the marketing of Mango tv “kol+ip” with the combined effect of further ip-brand transformation is a development claim. The Mango Academy’s National First Red League, Superstuff, is expected to be on the line in the third quarter of 2020, and the financial writer, Wu Xiaobo, has a fast-handed head with the Da-Sin.
He is employed as the director of the Mango College Red Training Camp and as a partner in the project.
The main catch, all creations focus on the company's own content with its full intellectual property rights, which is a powerful channel for secondary creative re-production, re-dissemination, and re-valued content products in the company's head. The plate will in the future be closely linked to the company's new electrical panel, the Mandarin.
A new video content electrician model will be launched by "Video+Content+Electrator".
The formula will create a new eco-economy where people, goods, content are mutually reinforcing, based on deep digging of mangotv content and the value of users. It will be based on content, creating resonance with content, creating demand and pushing demand for consumption. Specifically, the launch of a mangotv is based on the advantage of mangotv content production, which will be selected by the mango operator.
In the case of mass marketing, the mini-moderator will adopt a “selection plus membership” model, which will be based on goods, based on the name of a star artist or recommended by a group of artists.
Quick aggregate flows, with content as a means of boosting the core model of user willingness to buy, and eventually form an organic ecology that coexists with one another and promotes one another. “Mang Man” is based on the competitive advantage of the Hunan wide video content, which is one of the weights of the entire industry chain.
Large extension and extension is an improvement and upgrading of the Mango Ecology in Hunan. The General Manager of the Mangotv Electric Business Center says, “Contrary to other graphic grass platforms, Mangotv has a powerful pip-pushing capacity based on content advantages, and one third of the video users can be converted to electric power users, and the size can push them to the capital.
In order to develop a small mangang power company, the company Guangna is very talented. The Mang gathered up the top content, operation and technology team of Mangotv. The Director-General of Star Detectives and Secret Room Breakout focused on electrical ip development, Hunan, the founder of the "I am the Great Beauty" project, Jafang, and the core cadres from the Mangotv advertising marketing center.
In addition to the association of the Hunan Broadband Eco-Resources team, the Mang also attracts operators from Alibaba, Suningi and Suning to purchase power platforms to start their own businesses. The Mango tv Electric Center is now publishing commodity development, co-authorship, platform operation, pip master, content links, tidal games, and production.
Eight teams of products technology, brand marketing, 56 jobs, information on the needs of over 500 vacancies, and an open-ended annual pay treatment policy.