Mango super-movement has become an absolute strategic focus on video sites, and Mango super-movement has entered its own 2.0 era.
The company is a new unified medium under the banner of Radio and Television Hunan, with its own content-driven power that can help the video site change the past passiveness of simply buying copyright content, which is made up of industrial and capital platforms, together with Hunan Watch.
Controls costs, enhances the platform ' s own ability to control content, complements quality exclusive content, upgrades users, double-platform drivers in mango ecology, and integrates media development loyalties. In addition, layout of home-grown content helps the long video platform capture the resources of the entire industry chain, and promotes it.
The company focuses on media ownership, blending mangotv with profit diversification, and increasing resource efficiency. A local system that compares Ai Teng to the four main platforms can be found, and media platforms are the main players, with the platform's precise content and nuclear content.
In terms of talent, team stability and, above all, home-grown models, the three main platforms of A-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-S-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-S-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-
Gotv. Mango supermedia has developed an innovative content production system that is difficult to replicate and relatively closed, compared to the hundreds of millions of new media users overseas.
In the next three to six months, there will be a need for closer relations, greater autonomy, and greater control. Mango super-media has established an advantage in the mastery of mango content, or an important reason for making money for mango excesses.
Debt relief and cross-share ownership: In terms of content, mangotv has a relatively clear gap with several other platforms, but in the interior, there are the lowest of the four platforms, while the stock of the polymagnetized content is 1628, the second highest of the four platforms.
The 2020h1 full web-based ci-circulation film was effectively aired by 20.1 billion people, down 9 per cent from the same time, while the ci-circulation, ci-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-t-si-si-e-s-s-s-s-s-si-si-s-s-s-s-si-si-s-si-si-si-si-si-t-si-e-s-s-s-s-e-s-s-s-si-si-si-s-s-s-s-si-s-s-s-s-s-si-si-si-s-s-s-e-e-e-e-e-s-s-s-s-e-e-e-s-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e
In this way, mangotv can be fully self-made, far ahead of Ai Teng Yu. The mode of realization of the art content is better than the set, and mango super-manufacturers are particularly good at gold-absorbing real-life art. Thanks to the greater mastery, mangotv is wide in the face of a significant decline in advertising for long video platforms.
Mango tv, which is a master of art, shows its strength in home-made dramas. After 2018, the share of mango tv's home-made dramas has remained almost stable at over 10%. Mangotv plays in urban, youth and youth theatres, vertically deep-drawing, with significant advantages.
The number of entries to the heat list has continued to rise, the quality of Mango super-media home-made plays has improved significantly, and the future of Mango tv is going to pop up. Mango tv is currently pursuing a two-pronged development strategy for his own studios + external combat studios.
Mango super-media capacity in the field of drama will continue to be released. The rapid development of Mangotv, a source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, cannot but be seen as producing talent, star resources, brand resources, and so on.
Mangotv is now able to look back to Hunan, from “inheritance” to “reflection”, and Mangotv is becoming a stand-alone platform, increasingly of “engine” value.
Using good home-grown power + wide power sources is the biggest opportunity for mango differentiation. We believe that mangotv's greatest advantage is wide power + the unique calculus of Internet channels.
The content of Mangotv is expected to expand from Homemade + Lake South Watch to a new pattern of Homemade + Lake South + Other Watch, and the introduction of differentiated content will help Mangotv appeal to non-pitched user groups. Mangotv will remain firmly self-made in the future, but the mode of realization will continue.
Changes in willingness: (4) The process of expanding the business of content suppliers is slow: (5) The long video industry is becoming more regulated.
1. Mango super-movement has entered home-made 2.0, 1.1 long video platform self-made system comparison 1.1.1 home-made capacity is the strategic focus of the long video platform
The cost of content drags video sites to profit. For long video sites that are represented by Ai-Tung, the amount of content input is tens of billions of dollars, although it rises to $22,247 million, from 69.5 to 76.7 per cent.
Home-made content has become an absolute strategic focus for video sites. Home-made content end-activities can help video sites to change the past passivity of simple copyright purchases, contain costs, enhance the platform’s own ability to control content; and complement quality, exclusive content and enhance user loyalty.
The number of home-made dramas is 34 and the total number of home-made dramas is 35.5 billion, representing 41.0 per cent of the total number of online dramas.
Compared to the four main platforms, Mangotv is more professional in terms of talent and professionalism. Achictics and coolness focus on the introduction of professionals such as video, video companies, etc.; evasives rely more on internal resources and less on the introduction of professionals; and mangotv relies mainly on mangos that are imported from the Hunan Watch and developed by themselves.
From team stability, the mangotv team is stable and matured. The troupe management is mainly from the elders of the troupe department, Gong Woo, who has been a ceo since the inception of the Aichi culture in 2010, and the cool management team, which has undergone many changes in management, is now gradually becoming stable. Mangotv management and key personnel are largely connected to the Hunan Vigilance, not only ensuring team stability, but also forming a mature talent ladder and training team.
From the home-made model, three more core producers are selected. That is, video sites work with professional teams in the industry, long video site groups invest in, professional teams undertake, and both invest in benefit-sharing in the form of co-productions. In this model, long video sites still have ownership of stories, role setting, filming progress, etc., but core production elements are not entirely in the hands of long video sites.
On the art side, the Aki culture-based studios have achieved a higher all-man-power ratio than tv, but not as high as tv. Mango tv, based on 20 ecstasy-based teams, is largely self-sufficient in the field of ecclesiastical arts, and Mangotv is upgrading from copyright purchases to the ip industry-wide production model.
How does the mango super-moment evolve? So, a good system of self-control needs to include, but not be limited to, stable leadership, professional content teams, and a high degree of control.
In our view, the main purpose of introducing cost-controlled images, long video site-plus content self-contained content, is to put content production elements in their own hands, thereby gaining a higher voice in content production and use, as well as a higher input-output efficiency in resource allocation.
Mango super-media has clearly entered the 2.0-year era in content self-regulation. 1.2 Mango super-movement has entered the 2.0-year time of home-made production.
Programme resources, brand resources, and the binding of production factors, need to be more closely linked, with greater autonomy and control. First, the full use of artists' resources. (1) Good use of the mango system is one of the greatest features of mango self-made content, for example, in the case of the blasting Sisters in the Wind, 30, according to incomplete statistics.
At least 25 of the guests worked closely with the Hunan Guard and Mangotv in their capacity as Hunan Guardian, mango artist, or in their capacity as an amphibious guest, Hunan Guardian premiere/single play.
Fig. 3: "The Sisters of the Wind" program with Hunan Watch and Mangotv. 2) Mango's vast home-made content system and its preference for the system's artists are also a more effective mechanism for culture: artists are exposed and rapidly growing through Mango-made content, and later performers themselves are able to reverse the mango system.
The second is the purely home-made nature of the programme. Hunan Watch has a large, well-equipped and efficient pool of people who are few on the market, including not only professionals.
As part of the Mango-Tv project, the Mango-Tv team took over from the Hunan Broadband project, and Mango-Tv set up a mature content-making ladder: 20 multi-cultural production teams became independent studios, s-level teams, a-level teams, and a four-level management system for start-up teams.
Self-made.” In the show, the relationship with the underwriters and collaborators has been strengthened by the position of the Hunan Guard and strong connections with the artists, and the third is the full use of the programme resources. 1) Use of the heat of the hot-breeding art for the timely introduction of the derivatives, such as the 15 “sisters” of the "Sisters of the Wind" and the Jury Edwards, who are involved in it.
The talk show "Definitions " , the seven successful sisters who will be participating in "The Accomplishment of Flowers and Young Sisters " , " Star Big Detective 4 " , is derived from " Suspect No. 1 " , " Suspect No. 1 " , " Fact Sheet No. 1 " , " Big Detective 4 First Perspective " , " Star " , " Big Detective Expedition " , and "Girl Club 4 " .
2) In August 2020, the Hunan Guard became the Queen's Lady of Youth Mango Night, and in August 2020 several Queens took part in the 818 Car Night of the Hunan Guard. Mangotv, a new Queen of Our Love Bar, invited the Queen to become a member of the Love Observation Mission, and he continued to use the Queen of Wave as the slogan “Sister taught you to fall in love”.
3) Mangotv also makes full use of programme resources in short content. In August 2018, Hunan Radio set up a “short video” board on Mangotv's mobile phone.
Fig. 4: Poster for guests of the second season of our relationship, Fig. 5: "Star Big Detective 4" Derived so that we can make the best use of brand resources. For example, "My daughter of the second season" has not yet been broadcast, and artists and brand resources are already on the air.
In full contact, Guo Binting, Xu Yu, and Shena became the spokespersons for the Count's Brigade, the Masters of Hong Kong's honey grapefruit tea, the olay tea, and by the time the show was broadcast, the value of the entire chain had changed from content implantation, artist collaboration, to the ultimate touch on the fan economy. During The Wave, several sisters had received the commercial gold-coated organic milk, new oxygen, and the Schumbo brand business, and 30 sisters had access to the public marketing sauce statistics.
From April to June, the total number of business partnerships increased from 28 to 98. Mangotv and Hunan Watch have huge advertising resources, effectively matching artists with commercial resources, effectively completing the marketing transformation of programmes, and also helping mangos to have deeper binding relationships with their maintainers.
1.3 Mango super-media has established an advantage in the self-contained content of the arts, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, and, in the field of the content reserve, Mangotv has a greater advantage in the field of the arts. We have counted the four main platforms, the art, the film, the documentary and the motion.
In terms of content, mangotv has a relatively significant gap with several other platforms, but it has an advantage in the polytechnic content category. As of the end of August 2020, the stock of mangotv plays was 2309, the smallest of the four platforms, while the stock of polycrystry was 1628, the second of the four platforms.
The sum of 0.71 is the largest and only more than 0.5 of the four platforms. (Aichi culture 0.46, tee video 0.43 and excellent art 0.43.) Mango supermedia has built a stronger self-made capacity. According to cloud data, the 2020h1 full-networked art album was effectively aired at $20.1 billion, a decline of 9% compared to the same time, and the 3%, 9%, 46%, respectively, were effectively broadcast.
In 2020h, the number of members of the Mangotv art was 46, and of the members of the Mangotv art, the highest rate of self-styled content was 100%, far ahead of the "Atene" boom.
Why does Mango super-media become the only profit-making long video platform? One important reason we think is that Mango super-media has a superior domain in content self-manufacturing - the model of transposing the contents of the poly-magnetism is superior to the set.
First, it has a higher marketing value. It has a lower viewing threshold and a wider audience than some films need to understand in depth and limit the range of potential audiences; it has a higher marketing value for the younger, female audience than the drama; it has a more formal interaction, whether among guests or with the audience, and it is more beneficial for the original advertising content.
Second, it's easier to control costs. The series requires professional actors, but it allows more humans and non-traffic artists and people to do it.
In addition, the production cycle for the polytechnic content is generally shorter than for the film, and the product is usually available in June/August. At the same time, the festival relies more on team creativity and production capacity, and the demand for external cooperation is lower than the set and easier to achieve “pure self-manage.” Third, the income from the polycrystal content is generated either earlier or in conjunction with the production process.
Businesses can recover part of their costs in advance, while dramas usually start recovering costs after all + clearances have been completed. At the same time, because of the production of all-inclusive content, new advertisers can join at any time to further improve the ability of the programme. For example, Mangotv's " Sisters on Waves " , which came on line in June 2020, in the context of business collaboration, did not always count the number of sponsors of the first edition of the programme's brand advertising, which was 13.
Fourth, it avoids the impact of some of the growth in membership. Because members are free of advertising, to a certain extent, members’ and advertising earnings are zero-sum games.
In 2019, according to the Kowloon data, the number of people in the class was first, or 42%; the number of people in the first four platforms in the online video was higher.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom is as high as 79% of reality shows. The reason why brand owners prefer reality shows is that reality shows provide a richer, more natural setting and form for advertising, closer to the bridge and more real experience of life, and allow products to encroach on the minds of viewers in a more moderate way.
In the first half of 2020, Mango tv held four of the top 10 fairs, and all four of them were authentic.
Mangotv created a series of “Cyclical Art” products, in which guests record and restore their roles and life scenes to their families and families, and an emotional view of relationships, marriage, childcare and family intergenerational relationships. Girls' love, wives' romantic travel, my favorite women, new-born journals, etc.
Thanks to a relatively strong mastery of the arts, Mangotv’s advertising business has continued to grow in the face of a marked decline in long video advertising. Since 2019, the long video platform’s advertising revenues have fallen fast by billions, as a result of short video shocks and the economic downturn.
Growth, with Mangotv advertising revenue of $1.798 billion in the first half of 2020, an increase of 5.83 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the impact of the new crown epidemic on the company’s content product design strategy, which increased by 32 per cent in the second quarter as work resumed.
Figure 13: Revenue from Aichi and Tetsu video advertising (million yuan) Figure 14: Revenue from Mango tv advertising (billion yuan)
In 2000-2014, Mangotv took up a total of 553 new dramas, with only three of them produced by Mango producing less than 1% of their own production, while Mangotv’s collection share remained almost stable after 2018 at more than 10%. Mangotv has a significant advantage in vertically farming in urban, youth-based, and youth-based dramas.
Markets, according to cloud data, in the first half of 2020, Mangotv's new show was concentrated, with 75 per cent of the urban + youth series effectively aired, far exceeding Aichi culture (39 per cent), teeming video (26 per cent) and Yoko (39 per cent). Mangotv's hot urban feature collection included Happiness next stop, too much color, downstairs girlfriend please sign for it, Nahoboss again.
"How" , "Time is sweet to you," "I'm not going to be friends with you" and "The next stop is happiness," all made of mangos.
The quality of mango-made homemade shows a remarkable increase in the potential of mango-made homemade dramas. According to the mango tv broadcaster from December 2017 to September 2020, the monthly thermal ranking for bone data began in q3, and the number of mango tv home-made shows a continuous increase in heat on the list, indicating an increase in production capacity; and the mango tv broadcast shows a significant increase in the number of highs, indicating that mango tv's view is also improving.
Mango super-media is strengthening self-help capacity-building. Mangotv is currently working on a two-pronged development of self-built studios and external strategic studios. 1) The focus is on self-visual team-building, which has reached 12 by August 2020.
2) Increased external cooperation to increase self-sustaining productivity. Mango super-media strategic external cooperation workshops have reached 15, including Chinese cinematography, cool year-old small and medium-sized film-making companies. Most of these companies, in collaboration with Mangotv, have produced better works: 3) The New Mans production director program, in collaboration with the Ford cultural studio, the cabbage director's studio, the Shen Mandarin director's studio, and the mountain screenwriter's studio.
The studios, the studios of Chiang Yong's scripts, the glitter creations, and so forth.
On September 17, the company issued a plan to raise up to $4.5 billion in non-public distribution and to spend up to $4 billion on the purchase of Internet exclusive copyright for six S-class films, as well as to make 11 (including defined) a-level movie shows and 18 self-made S-class polygraphs. The content of the Mangotv series (including self-made content) was previously “small and beautiful”
Cities, youth dramas, and the planned expansion of the content resource pool to expand the S- and A-level series, show a tendency to upgrade the mango super-mutual content. In the context of the drama, companies have stepped up their exploration of real-world topics, military tours, such as the company’s Reserves for the second half of the year, Hunting, and the Ice and Rain Fire, Dear Mangrooms.
Mango vs. Lake South Watch: From inheritance to anti-feeding Mangotv is rapidly developing without much support from the Hunan Guard in producing talent, star resources, branding resources, and channel resources. Today, Mangotv has been able to export its content backwards to the Hunan Guard, from “inheritance” to “refeavement”, and Mangotv has gradually moved from “online” to “on-line”, to “on-line”, on-line, on-line, on-line, on-line, on-line, on-line.
A stand-alone platform is increasingly of “engine” value. 2.1 Hunan Watch's resource support for mango super-magnetic talent 2.1.1
Hunan Watch has a large, well-equipped and efficient team of people who are rare on the market. Hunan Watch has nearly 600 directors and 26 programme teams with a support system of more than 100 people, including production, performance, art, guide, and filtration channels, making the support system independent and complete. On a yearly basis, it reduces the number of outside programmes, increases the number of channels produced, and airs 1.03 w minutes in the first half of 2018 and 1.03 w minutes in the first half of 2019.
The studio system has been an effective incentive for human innovation. Since Hunan Wai's announcement in early 2018, 12 studios have been awarded so far.
In order to facilitate the creation of a self-contained and independent brand for the studio, to increase the number of channels for innovation, to introduce various innovative schemes and to increase the number of creative exports for the studio, to decentralize the recruitment and use of studio staff, to create incentives based on “input output”, to support the production of mangotv in the studios, etc., as of late 2019, the 12 studios had the Hunan Via.
Fifty-one% of the directors of the 26 programme teams have completed almost 80% of their own programmes, creating more than 90% of the channels' collections, and 70% of all innovative programmes for sample production and up-scaling come from these 12 studios. Mangotv has established a full-fledged content-making ladder on the back of Hunan Wirtschaftsprüfer.
With a clear offer to support the production of the Mangotv project, the two platforms have a better flow of talent. On the back of Hunan Power, Mangotv has set up a mature content production ladder: currently there are 20 Mangotv-multicultural production teams, headed by two major studios, which form a four-tier management system for independent studios, s-level teams, a-level teams, and start-up teams.
Mangotv cores are mostly from Hunan Watch. First, managers, such as Mangotv ex-ceo-Tingchen (former director of the Hunan Vigilance department, currently a member of the Hunan Radio and Television Party, deputy director); second, core producers, such as the director-in-chief of "Sisters in the Wind" Oh Monichi, "Sung Big Detective" production factory, "Where Daddy goes" Xiangxia team.
It's built for mangotv, like, "Where's Daddy going, Deformations, Super Woman," and so on.
Hunan Watch has an extremely strong host. Top10, Central Lake South Watch, ranked 7 on the Melander 2020 q1 national host ' s combined influence list, with Wang Xibo, Shena, and Ho Xing ' s online ethos even surpassing the "Yonsboys" and "Girls" and Hunan Weibo followers totaling more than 400 million followers, and over 70 microblogs on 2020 q1.
Hunan Watch's entertainment, the status of the river and lake, is also reflected in the superstar personality. Hunan Watch has a super-star-making power, whether it's "Super Woman" or "Happy Boys" in the red at that time, or it's a real talent that can fire and turn the stars over, and it's a huge source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
Stars, creating a strong flow, and these stars are mostly orientated, mango entertainment, mangotv, or a lot of follow-up with mangos. Moreover, the long life-cycle arts of Happy Home Camp, Sky Up, etc., have accumulated a huge amount of star resources over the past 20 years.
Mangotv, in addition to being shared with Hunan Watch by the production team, is basically connected to the star resource. For example, Mangotv is listed on the 2020 H1 net, where most of the show hosts or guests have either a Hunan Watch host or a Hunan Watch artist, and most of the other guests are on the Fast Book stage.
The Mango super-media itself forms a rich team of contractors. There are 112 under the company’s umbrella, including the entertainment media, Hua morning, Zhang Xinxing, Oho, Yujong, Listani, Mango Entertainment Dreams, Lu Xiaoyu, Wang Yunzer, Zhenfi, Xithing, Mango tv Zhao Xiao Yi, Lu Xiao Xiao Yi, Qu Xiao Xiao Xiang, Qing Quan Xiao, Qing Quan Qing, Qing Qing, Qing Quan Xiao, Quan Xiao Xiao, Qing Xiao Xiang, Qing Xiang Xiao Xiang, Qing Xiang Xiao Xi, Quan Xiang Xiang Xiang, Xiang Xiaodi, Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang, Xiang Xiang Xiao Xiao Xi, Xiao Xiang, Xiao Xi, Xiang Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xi, Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xiao Xiao Xiao Xing, Xing, Xi, Xi Xi, X
2.1.3 Branding relations billion yuan, 2019 h1, and Hunan's ranking as the top provincial watchlist for advertising.
Mangotv’s main advertising partner is also the Hunan Guardian Partnership. With its strong marketing power, Mangotv can take part of the demand for online videos.
2.1.4 Channel relations are easy to verify. The general web-based arts are subject to review by the General Directorate of Broadband, but the approval function for local radio programmes falls under the responsibility of the Ministry of Electricity and Mango tv is dependent on the lake, the processing process is relatively easy, and the actual criteria are relatively easy.
Started on June 12th, the first-stage back-to-back network (i.e., on a local platform for entertainment in Hunan and then on a mangotv)
In addition to the project support of the New Mangang project, the excellent project to be selected for the New Mangang project will give priority to the channel of broadcasting on the two channels of the Mangong Watch and Mangotv:
"Upper Star" expands the distribution of the content of the series, increases the likelihood of cost recovery, and enhances the impact and reputation of the work. 2.2 Mango super-media is already able to counter-feed the south of the lake, and Mango super-motivated content has been able to export it backwards.
The quality of Mango tv's own art shows is growing. Mango tv's anti-feeding art for Hunan sighteds has also achieved remarkable results, such as the "Friends Listen Up" on the line in February 2020, which not only helped Hunan to keep track of the tri-area viewing of the four-by-four-night double-nets, but also the right to open beans petals with 9.4 (final 8.4) and the right to open beans petals, the Daily Light, People's Net, etc.
How does the mango super-moment evolve?
Mango's home-made stand-up against Hunan. The weekly show, "The Way From Tonight White" , which came online in November 2017, was the first time Mangotv turned back to Hunan.
The success of Mango's home-made “Upper Star” also means further upgrading and maturing the content of Mangotv and the incubation capacity of the ip.
How do mangos evolve? Mangotv’s cooperation with other front-line watchers outside of the watch of the south of the lake is becoming more frequent, and the mangotv content bank is expected to be upgraded from “home-made + watch of the south of the lake” to a new pattern of “home-made + watch + watch of the south of the lake”.
In March 2019, the Inspector General of the Eastern Guards, Wang Qing Jing, visited Mango tv, where he proposed a two-way collaboration on the sociable and television shows, following up on the Eastern Guards of My Loved Women, the first reverse export of Mango tv to the non-Hunnan Guards. Then, on Mango tv, " Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen.
Since 2020, Mangotv has introduced a variety of other visual art programmes, many of them in a solo form.
Our band, the lead band selection, the core guests of Xiao Xin Xin, Xie Zhen and Wang Juncai, Mango tv, which is the exclusive platform of the program, and unlike the online version of the first television programme, Mango tv is aired only five minutes after the TV show, and it is worth mentioning that Our Band is co-published by Mango tv, Vision.
There are also a number of joint programmes in Mangotv: Beijing Watched the Fourth Season of Cross-Border Comedy, Cross-Border Song King 2019, An-I-I-I-I-I-I-A, and so on.
Mangotv, in our view, has the greatest advantage of wide-wire resources + the unique size of Internet channels. Pure webs tend to hold titles that are not suitable for television broadcasting, because many of them are different in subject matter, audience and traditional television entertainment. Mangotv's ability to make himself “underline and mark” can often be distinguished in a variety of long video sites. On the one hand, mangotv's ability to export to others and expand itself.
On the other hand, the Eastern Guard, the Beijing Guardian, the Jiangsu Guardian, etc., also have a wealth of excellent content resources, but no more influential Internet platform has been established. Mangotv from the wide power system is a mature, far-reaching webcast channel, which can be replaced with visual and Mango content. The Mangotv Content Library is expected to be expanded from Self-made + Lake South.
Mangotv's future is still firmly on its own, but the mode of realization will be more diverse. The home-made path is certainly less costly and more suitable for mangotv than the content procurement road.
At present, Mangotv has released the latest incubating video content company platform, the "Little Mangang." With strong self-control and platform resources, coupled with the platform's own large number of young female users with higher natural marketing value, Mangotv is expected to be real in the content market.
Figure 25: Evolution of content systems in mangotv
Home-made content is counterproductive, watch + other guards, feed the south of the lake.
The core of the company's future growth is the Internet video platform business, which will continue to be online with excellent homemade content, especially in the show.
With the release of power, the number of mangotv users will continue to rise, and the rate of payment penetration will rise accordingly. The number of mengo tv payers is projected to increase by 81%, 35%, and 30% in 2020-2022, with 33.19 million, 4.48 million and 58.26 million, respectively.
In the advertising business, the head-mixed content support advertising business is maintained at high speed. Operators benefit from an increase in the number of users of iptv in the province and the expansion of the market outside the province, and maintain value-added operations associated with relative as well as extra-provincial outreach.
In the future, the company will continue to pursue its “mango solo” strategy, which is expected to shrink further, but with the combined power of the show, it will continue to grow more steadily overall.
(b) Media retailing: the television shopping market is shrinking, but content electricity is rising or becoming the second driving force, media retailing is generally stable, and the process of expansion of content electricity is slow;
The long video industry has become more regulated, and the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is how the mango super-movement evolves.
How does the mango super-moment evolve?
I don't have, I don't have, I don't have, I don't have, I don't have, I don't have, and I don't want to be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.