Mergers and acquisitions to improve the competitiveness of the industrial chain, with high year-round growth prospects Mid-term Slight (30038.sz) • Mid-yearly excess performance, acquisition of high-quality enterprises to improve the layout of the industrial chain, and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating
The company announced in its semi-annual report of 2020, which benefited from the global warming of the digital market and the country ' s new infrastructure, that the net return profit of H1 in 2020 was $365 million, an increase of 76.13 per cent over the same period; net return after deduction was $335 million, an increase of 66.09 per cent over the same period. The net return profit of q2 in 2020 was $211 million.
We value the company’s leading cob containment technology, optical design capability, and high-quality customer resources. Recently, the company acquired 67.19% of ownership in the capital, making full use of synergies and increasing the company’s osa, osa, etc.
The ability of firms to produce on a low scale across industry chains, such as pon, to enhance the layout of the telecommunications market, enabling companies to re-emerging in the telecommunications market while ensuring a prominent advantage in the number-to-the-market market. We adjust forecast companies to be more than equal to companies, with a certain value premium and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
• The core competitiveness of the company's high-speed light module highlights the high year-round growth potential demand-side, market-to-market, foreign data centre upgrades and structural shifts, compounding domestic “new infrastructure” for data centre construction, and the surge in market demand for high-speed light modules; and, in the telecommunications market, 5g in the country
The capital is in a period of accelerated growth, the telecommunications light module market has introduced incremental demand, and the previous distribution of the market is clear. At the end of supply, the company’s 100- and 400-g products have increased their output by the same amount and continue to lead the industry’s market share, and 5-g products, such as 25-g forward, 50-g and 200-g return, have also benefited from good technical skills.
In addition, companies continue to accelerate the development and marketization of new products, such as the ability to deliver.
5g products, such as mwdm coloured light module and 200g echoes, have taken the lead in authenticating and generating goods through their clients. With demand resonance in the data centre and the construction of the 5g base station, the market for the light module is about to start a new wave, the company.
The company’s first-time coverage report – the number-to-number flagship, with leading technological advantages and stable cooperation’s global head-client resources, has high growth prospects for business performance.
1. The company’s technological advantages are evident, and its performance is higher than expected The overall growth in revenue collection is 65.46% in q2-centre yoy. According to the company’s semi-annual report, it has benefited from the global warming of several markets, with 400-g product demand from overseas markets continuing to rise and 100-g product demand continuing.
Growth; “new infrastructure” projects such as 5g network building in the country have resulted in increased demand for products such as 25g, 50g, and 200g.
The Māori rate has risen in a single quarter and cost controls have been better. With regard to Māori, the company ' s Māori rate of 2020q2 is 25.54 per cent, an increase of 2.41 per cent over the same period, and the company ' s Māori rate will continue to rise as the high Māori product of 400g is released.
10.16 per cent, 0.96 per cent, with the exception of higher financial costs due to higher interest expenditure due to the discounting of instruments and lower average deposits resulting in lower interest income, the sales and management cost rates are lower than in 2019 and are expected to reflect the advantages of scale as corporate business experience, customer resources and so on are accumulated.
Figure 5: The Māori rate of the company has risen in a single quarter, the high-speed light module has been continuously released, leading business technology, and the profits are continuing The light module market is about to break out. As global data flows continue to grow, the light module will continue to grow.
The market size of the light module is estimated to be about $7.7 billion in 2019, expected to double to about $17.7 billion by 2025 and 15% compound annual growth in 2019-2025. Figure 7: Large market prospects for the light module
Companies focus on R & D, and the technological advantages are evident. Companies have been trying to track the development of cutting-edge technologies in the industry, focusing on the pool of R & D talent, and increasing the investment in R & D to ensure that core technologies are scaled up in a timely manner in response to market demand.
Over the reporting period, cumulatively 16 foreign authorized patents, 100 domestic patents, including 50 inventions, and leading R & D and innovation capabilities contributed to high value for money of products and steady and sustained corporate growth.
Companies remain industry leaders, and high-end products continue to break through. In the background of a high-profile light-module industry, 100 g and 400g products have increased on a par and maintain a leading market share in the industry, and the associated 5g products have also achieved their share in the volume and market with the advantages of good technical and delivery capacity.
In addition, the company has been actively adjusting its product structure and marketing strategy in the area of electrical equipment manufacturing, continuously increasing its market share and maintaining its corporate leadership.3 The acquisition of storage technology has improved the layout of the industrial chain and enhanced its overall competitiveness.
The company acquired storage technology, and the telecommunications side is expected to increase further. On 14 February 2020, the company acquired 67.19% of Chengdu technology equity, and on 19 May 2020, it added storage technology to the consolidated statements.
It has improved the layout of the company’s industrial chain, strengthened the layout of the telecommunications market, thereby further promoting a more complete chain of optical appliances in the publicly listed company industry, which is a company specializing in the development, production and marketing of communication-type light and electrical products, which is divided mainly into chip wrapping, optical components and light.
Modules are three broad categories. After many years of development, the company has built a more complete PV industry chain, based on chip encapsulation, photovoltaic components, and photovoltaic modules, that can provide diversified product options depending on the user’s needs, while at the same time being more advantageous in cost control.
The acquisition of storage technology has produced good synergies. While middle-world creation and storage technology are in the same business, there is a convergence of supply chains, and the integration of two enterprises in the same business, with different emphasis on research and development for major products, manufacturing, product applications, customer groups, market areas, etc.
Synergy between advances in technology, sharing of customer resources, scalable delivery capacity, cost control, increased market occupancy rates, and supply chain consolidation will further enhance the company ' s ability to compete in the global data centre and telecommunication light module market and will have a positive impact on the company ' s long-term development.
Recently, companies have acquired 67.19 per cent of ownership of technology in the capital, taking full advantage of synergies, increasing the capacity of firms to produce on a low-cost scale across the entire industry chain, such as osa, pon, and strengthening the company's layout in the telecommunications market, making the company count.
It is assumed that the company will not be able to build 5g in 2020/2011/2022. The 5g construction process is more relevant to the operator’s capital expenditure, and the operator’s input into the network will have an impact on the need for equipment. The company’s telecommunication light module is one of the major components of the 5g-carrying equipment.
The demand will be affected by the construction of 5 g. The idc is not as expected. The main application of the optic module is at idc. The idc is used as a base structure to support services such as cloud computing. If the demand for operations such as cloud computing decreases, the demand for idc will decrease, and the idc will be built.
The pace of installation and upgrading will slow down and will have an indirect impact on the demand for company luminous modules.