High number of transmission and transmission orders and winning bid Saudi Big One-Special Electric Engineer (600089.sh) Dynamics Study ▪ Four Industries Working Together, Keeping Performance Rough
zhanghan3@cfsc.com.cn’s main business includes transmission, new energy, energy and new iuodx@cfsc.com.cn
High transmission orders, high Saudi transmission orders, high transmission orders. 23.540 billion yuan for the 25h1 transformer industry, equal to 27.33 billion yuan for the second half of the year.
At the end of June, the outstanding international project contracts were being executed for over US$ 5 billion. In August, the company won the Saudi Electric Company's transformers and electrical resisters project, with a total of about 16.4 billion yuan, seven years of implementation, with a minimum delivery of 70%.
The company’s future overseas revenues are solidly supported. Silicon is under pressure. New energy products and projects in 25h1 will receive $6.315 billion, equivalent to 37.9 per cent, Māori to 3.6 per cent, compared to 8.4 per cent, and the decline is mainly due to multiple crystalline silicon.
Business losses drag on. 25h1 company multi-crystal silicon yields 3.36 million tons, a decline of 77% from the previous year, with prices and profit bearing. It is expected that with the anti-intra-curve sector competition order, the multi-crystal silicon price will return and the company’s new energy plate will be better run.
Coal and new materials remain stable. Coal sales by 25h1 have remained stable and have accumulated extremely expanded offshore markets, with electricity provided during the winter peaking as the north moves into a heating period. Coal sales are expected to remain stable.
The 2 billion cubic metres/year coal gas project and the construction of the 2.4 million tons of aerobic aluminium per year in anti-city ports are expected to contribute to an increase in performance after delivery, in addition to the output of the company ' s gold project, which began in 2021 and is produced as finished gold and sperm.
Gold powder, annual production (metal volume) of about 2.5 to 3 tons, making a performance contribution. Downstream demand does not match expected risks, product price volatility risks, competition increases risks, electricity network investments do not match expected risks, overseas trade risks, raw materials prices are high
Law of Heaven: Master of Financial Engineering, cfa, and frm bearers. Shanghai Transport University, financial undergraduate, four years of experience in financial research, covering photovoltaic and storage energy. Rodione: Master of Arts, European School of Higher Business, double degree in energy and power engineering and finance, Xian Transport University.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, and not for, the specific suggestions or observations in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the index of representativeness of the relevant securities market in relation to the main indicators of the relevant securities market for the projection of a stock or industry index is described as follows: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the transfer of the agreement) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the transfer of the market)
The Division will not consider recipients of this report as clients. It is reliable, but it does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.