Impairment of assets affected performance in 2019, and at the core was still a matter of progress in equity financing: prior to the company ' s 2019 performance amendment announcement, the company disclosed in the full third quarter report of 2019 that it was expected that 2019 would be attributable
The net profits of the shareholders in the municipal company ranged from $80 million to $12 million. The main reason why the current company issued a 2019 performance improvement with a significant loss of performance was to set aside a long-term equity investment impairment of $1 billion; (2) a long-term equity impairment of approximately $38 million for sala; and (3) Australia.
The tax authority ' s special tax adjustment for lithium concentrate transfer pricing affected net profit of 130 million dollars; (4) AUS$ 10,000; (5) the impact of tax matters in Chile affected net profit of 332 million dollars; (6) the price of lithium products continued to decline in the fourth quarter of 2019, resulting in lower than expected sales of the product, while meeting operating requirements
The demand for finance has increased the cost of corporate financing; (6)h the transfer of share listing costs to current profits and losses has affected net profits of $3.93 million. • The core elements of the company are still in the follow-up on equity financing.
The main pressure at this stage on companies remains the debt service and the pressure on corporate cash flows caused by the huge debt overhang that buys sqm shares. In 2019, the company made stock transfers, financed about $3 billion, and the debt problem was eased in a phased manner. But the company still has a equity financing gap, and we measure revenue.
The Division still needs to finance about RMB 10 billion through equity, so the core is still in the company’s follow-up on equity financing, and good electronics industry will provide a relatively friendly environment for the company. Policy warming, with the release of quality supplies, will bring about improvements in the industry, maintaining the company’s “highly recommended” rating.
Prior to that, at the 100-person electric car conference, from the Minister of Trade and Communications, the Vice-President of the National Political Consultative Council, Hsien Man and China, 2019-12.
Government and association leaders such as Dong Yang, Managing Director of the National Automotive Industry Association, issued an important message, " Exchange rate fluctuations affecting performance, waiting for industry to pick up " , which suggests that the domestic subsidy policy in 2020 is expected to turn friendly; this year, it is a high-quality supply of electric vehicles.
Lithium Tin: The Bottom of the Industry has strong competitive barriers, maintaining a firm's “strongly recommended” rating.