M.I. (603986.sh): Summary of events of high growth in sales of flash and mcu, rapid growth of likidram > : 26 October 2024, M.I. issued a 2024 q3 performance announcement and 2024 q3 business acquisition
>The prices of the company ' s 2024q3 products have not fluctuated significantly, the flash products have grown faster and the mcu has recovered higher volumes. Without a significant improvement in demand, the prices of the product lines have not increased in the third quarter. Flush and mcu prices have remained relatively low, with little volatility; base-dram prices have fallen; and other product line prices have remained stable overall.
In the first half of the year, in the context of downstream warming of demand, active customer pull-out of goods, flashes have seen a sharp increase in revenues in the areas of consumption, connectivity, computing, etc.; in the third quarter, flash revenues have continued to grow ring-to-ring, with companies raising their global market ranking from third to second. In addition to consumption, connectivity, computing, etc., industry, automobiles, etc. have continued to expand.
The company is also actively working on product rotations, continuing to optimize product costs, such as the development of product lines such as 1.2v. The mccu customer reserve in the first half of the year has led to a significant increase in the volume of deliveries, the second quarter is even close to the prehistoric level, the third quarter is not a good one, and the volume of deliveries remains relatively high in the second quarter.
Dots, so the volume of mcu is expected to be innovative throughout the year. With regard to new products, three-quarters companies have introduced important car regulations, product gd32a7, with chip abundance and performance significantly upgraded over the first generation of products, using m7 kernels, products that meet the standards asil-b, asil-d, application areas such as domain controls, lights, battery management, chassis, etc.
In the third quarter of the company’s Māori ratio rose by 3.6 percentage points to 41.77 per cent, the main reason being cost optimization and income restructuring. The company’s efforts to optimize the cost structure have had some effect and, over time, some of the previous high-cost stock ratios have decreased and contributed to cost improvements, essentially as a result of the mismatch between inventory and sales time.
The change in product output structure is also the reason for the improvement in the Māori ring ratio.
First, while the demand of some high-net clients rose in the third quarter, the Mcu and flash products were also active in the introduction of high-performance/high-volume products into high-specific, high-demand demand areas, or secured - company summary reports.
>Corporate-based drams are fast growing, with a small volume of 8gb products in ddr4. According to the company's October 25 announcement, performance improved and storage was not structured in line with the mcu product's actual business development in 2024, increasing the company's projected volume of association transactions with the lance in 2024.
Long. The company ' s dram8gb-volume product is now in the stages of sample and small batch production, with a large volume of performance short-term pressure, storage and mcu long-term production next year. The dram8gb-capacity product is a very important component in the nichedram market and is widely used in electricity.
In the context of the global three-star, sk-Helix exit from Liquidram production, and the light and the resulting reduction in profits.
In addition, the prices of products such as companies flash, mcu, etc., have been stable, demand has warmed in the first half of the year, sales have increased, and 2024q3 has maintained relatively high levels of output, while the company’s products have been constantly changing and the product structure has been progressively enriched.
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.