Motion-free innovation (603986.sh) Limited space for basedram prices to continue to benefit from head shop plans to set up green technology for customized storage solutions.
Innovation is proposed to co-finance $27 million with Aoyagi, Qingjiang, and Qingjiang to set up a holding company, Beijing Qingji Technology Limited. Of this, the company is proposed to contribute $21 million with its own funds, accounting for approximately 77.78% of the company’s registered capital.
Nandflash and dram, in the process of market expansion, have a client’s demand for a non-standard interface storage product. In response to this demand, the company has decided to undertake customized program business to meet the needs of the market and the client. Customize storage product is not a standard interface or a generic product, project development cycle is long, and performance release cycle is long.
It is also slow, so that there is technology and a dedicated team to serve clients. The interface, capacity, etc. for customized storage products depends on the differentiated needs of clients for their specific applications, such as iot, smart terminals, etc., and product definitions are derived from the specifications of their products.
On 16 December of that year, Moi-Innovative and subsidiaries purchased dram products from the long-term storage technology, with an estimated transaction value of $82 million in the first half of 2025, which corresponds to about RMB 589 million. In 2024, the company ' s own branded dram-related procurement agents actually took place in the amount of RMB 922 million (unaudited).
Since 2021, companies have been designing and rolling out products such as ddr4, ddr3 multi-valued drams.
Long tarmac storage is a country’s scarce dram storage product, idm, based on a strategic partnership between the two parties, which opens up some of its production to a company-based dram.
Business provides substitute services and is an important partner of the company in the niche dram business. The two sides maintain friendly and cooperative relationships that complement each other, optimize resource allocation, enrich the company’s product lines, enhance the firm’s core competitiveness and industry position, and meet the company’s business development needs.
In the area of dram, in addition to the Moi-Innovative Crystal Generation Workers Partnership, the main competition patterns include three industry leaders and a number of lower-scale manufacturers. Three industry leaders focus more on large-volume and mainstream products, with successive exit plans for niche products.
Micro-Innovation: Acquisition of Suzhou Core for Simulation Development, Adjustment/Design Corporation, with its main focus on liki-dram products, is the main competitor of the idiosyncratic innovation: Future Lit-Innovation Increased Repository/mcu Competitiveness - Joaquin Certificate
Dram competition is a long-term, long-term process in which companies, in conjunction with their crystal-round industrial partners, will continuously promote product R&D and overlap against market competition, as opposed to a combination of product competitiveness, including process nodes.
Prices: In the second half of 2024, the liki-dram competition grew more intense, mainly from industry head-officer-related products.
Micro-innovation: "Saving" like a rock, and moving into the end of the life cycle, processing tails: also because some stocks have been stored by major clients in the first half of the year, springwind-gold securities-electronic-mega-innovation- company depth
As a result, three quarters of the demand is weak, and, as a result of these two factors, base-dram prices are down. After the recent downside, base-dram prices are already at the bottom, with limited scope for further downs, oscillating innovation: maintaining market-dominated growth/continuing expansion/
Over a period of time, a new balance between supply and demand and a marginal improvement in the pattern of competition will be achieved. Optimizing the product matrix -- Joaquin securities -- electronic-mega-renovation -- public storage industry, with industry leading chambers of commerce focusing more heavily on the mainstream market in the long run, and keeping the mainstream dddr open.
At the moment, the ddr3 product line already has a certain part of the head company that clearly wants to end the supply, and that part of it is capable of producing.
Overlaying the recovery in demand boosted the stock-regulating-gold securities-- a gradual decline in the stock-based dram to achieve a balance of supply and demand and a steady recovery in prices next year. (2) Evolution: front-line market demand to ddr5, ddr6. Industry will move slowly to ddr6 and lpdddr6
The development is due to the fact that the memory capacity of mainstream applications, including mobile phones, pc, servers, is increasing or even doubling, and the corresponding interface data bandwidth needs to be upgraded to meet system performance requirements, which is the driving force behind the rapid evolution of interface standards to ddr5, ddr6. For niche markets, end product demand for memory capacity
The ddr4 and lpddr4 interfaces remain stable for a considerable period of time. As the volume and performance requirements of future end electronic products rise, the niche market will gradually generate demand for ddr5/lpdddr5 products, and companies will keep track of and plan the corresponding products. (3) Companies: on dram products, companies are active.
Entering the dram storage niche market (consumption, industrial controls, etc.) and introducing products such as ddr4, ddr3l have led to better harvests in the consumer electronics (including topboxes, television, smart homes, etc.), industry, and cybercommunications. The company has launched the dddr48gb product this year, and is moving forward as planned.
Continue to promote the import of ddr48gb products to customers in areas such as tv, and will also launch lpddr4, which will complement the zilliki dram product lines, extensive service networks, industry, tv, and smart homes. As the ai+ era begins, servers and pc, as pillars of computing power, are now integrating into the depth of artificial intelligence technology.
In response to this trend, innovation is based on advanced technological advantages, with a range of full-capacity, multi-series, wide-voltage storage products. These products, characterized by high reliability, safety, and high data-absorption, are flexible.
There are different applications to meet the demands of the new trend. Department stores, in the context of intelligentization such as consumer electronics/car electronics/industry, dram's head-to-manufacture conversion, company or copying of the nonorflash development path, income scale/profit capacity is expected to return to growth, build up and buy and raise.
The implementation of investment projects contributes to the overall competitiveness of companies. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. Macro-environment and industry volatility risk: supply chain risk: exchange gain-loss risk: M&As and fund-raising projects are not as fast as they are.