The company published a three-monthly report in 2024, and the consumer, the Internet market generated demand-driven corporate chip-storage sales.
In addition, the announcement of the acquisition of the Suzhou core and the restructuring of the fund-raising project further highlights the firm’s long-term strategic determination to maintain a “growth” rating. The weather-recovering support company has improved its operations in the first three quarters of the year to the end of the year.
For profit, the company actually acquired the Sioux core in the first three quarters of 24 years, building a new growth pole.
The company acquired about 38.07% of the shares in the Sioux cyborg at $316 million in cash. Simulating chips is an important strategy for the company, and this transaction is an important initiative to promote the company’s simulation strategy.
The company has three product lines: battery protection, battery management, and soc products, with an annual sales volume of more than 1 billion ic. With this acquisition, it is likely that the simulation team will be further strengthened, the battery will be upgraded to manage the relevant technological reserves, and the space ceiling will be opened.
The Department decided to reduce the amount of funds to be invested in the dram chip development and industrialization project from 3,324 million to 2,824 million yuan. At the same time, the sum of $706 million was used to finance the new project, Automobile e-chip development and production.
Industrialization projects.” 1) dram: The company adjusted the product development of the original project, lpddrdr3, to lpddr5, which, according to the company's expectation, is expected to enter the market for small-volume products in 2029 or 2030, match the cycle of the company's project for investment, and contribute to the company's future development. 2) Automotive mcu:
A total investment of $1,212 million is expected. The mccu chip is expected to have a future average vehicle value of over $200, making it a product with the highest percentage breakdown in the vehicle semiconductor. The successful roll-out of the project is expected to enable companies to break the foreign monopoly of manufacturers and help the country’s car industry develop.
Taking into account the company's improved operations in the first three quarters of the 24th quarter of 2024, the continued robustness of the basic disk storage product and the improved line of diversified products through M&As and the restructuring of the investment, it is expected that the growth ceiling will be opened further.
Silver and Chinese International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business storage chip price volatility risk, stock price risk down, sales less than expected, new products not developed as expected