603986.sh) Electronic integrated circuitii Acquisition of Suzhou core for simulation development, adaptation/additional fund-raising projects
To improve storage/mcu competitiveness The acquisition of 38.07% of SBS shares will promote product depth/extensive development and enhance simulation competitiveness.
According to an assessment of 100% equity in Su Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xing Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi X Xi Xi Xi Xi X X X Xi X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X Xi X X X X X X X Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi X X X X X X X Xi Xi Xi Xi X Xi X Xi Xi X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X
The main products include lithium cell protection chips, power management chips, etc., have some sort of starch in battery management related technologies, processes and manufacturing, and products are competitive in envelope size, product performance, product stability, product cost, etc.
Suzhou has a relatively leading product, a stable customer relationship and a certain brand profile in the area of monolithic electricity protection; battery-grade lithium protection products are expected to continue to grow in the future; and other products, such as multiple lithium protections, electric power meters, power-management chips, are associated with companies in markets, customers and supply chains.
There is greater synergy between the two. Through this acquisition, companies can further strengthen simulation teams, upgrade the relevant technology reserves, continue to expand the relevant product lines, open new markets, and support the long-term development of the business model in terms of scale, depth and breadth of sales, and enhance the overall competitiveness of firms.
Adjusted to ddr3/dd4/lpdddr4/lpdddr5. Based on changes in market demand for dram products, product techniques, and technology, the company proposes to use the project “dram chip development and industrialization” from its original project.
Development of four products: ddr3, ddr4, lpdddr3 and lpdddr4 to dddr3, ddr4, lpdddr4 and lpdddr5. Equipment acquisition due to, inter alia, an increase in the national production rate of equipment required for the project
Fees have declined, and the total investment in the project has been reduced from RMB 3,992 million to RMB 3,571 million, and the proposed fund-raising has been reduced from RMB 3.32 billion to RMB 2,824 million.
There is a gap, and the product of lpdddr5 is expected to enter the market for small-volume products by 2029 or 2030, matching the cycle of the company's fund-raising project and contributing to the company's future development.
The projected post-tax investment recovery period (including construction period) of Chip R & D and Industrialization Project is 8.66 years, reaching the expected business future - Hmg Gold Securities - Electronic-Migble Innovation - Public Innovation: "Store" as the cornerstone is “counted” and the moon is lunar.
The company has developed the Spring Wind-Hankin Securities-Electronic-Multi-Innovation project, which has raised $706 million in funds to fund the new project “Car Electronic chip research and development and industrialization”
Launch of car mcu chips (1.12 billion yuan in total planned investment for this project, of which $706 million is generated through fund-raising and easy innovation: maintenance of a market-based approach, sustained expansion/money resolution, with the remaining amount being self-financed or otherwise settled by the company).
Optimize the key components of the product matrix -- Joaquin securities -- electronic-mega-renovation -- public car smartness and electrodynamic development, with a significant increase in vehicle use and value.
Micro-innovation: 24q1 performance swings to gain, capacity shifts, entertainment and power systems, etc., are critical to the development of car intelligence and electrodynamics. The current mocu build-up of the build-up demand boosts back-up of the profit-gold securities.
With about 70 to 100 bicycles, the future concentration is expected as the mcu chip upgrades continue, and the average car value of the car mcu is expected to exceed $200, making it the highest vehicle semiconductor.
From a global market perspective, British flyers, Reza Electronics, Engjipo, Imfa semiconductor, micro-chip-fast-facilever securities + electronics + mocu producers account for about 90% of the market share and industry concentration. The mcu industry started late, in the city.
With the country’s strong support for the integrated circuit industry and the rapid growth of our new energy automobiles, domestic requirements for mcu are rising. Through new and increased investment projects, companies will build up their own technology, improve the layout of their automobiles and upgrade their high-ends.
Mocu's research and development capabilities, product lines, further expansion of market space, and company competitiveness. The "Car E-chip R & D and Industrialization Project" has a 4.17-year construction cycle and is expected to be ready for use by December 2028.
Development opportunities, taking advantage of market shares, breaking the monopoly of foreign manufacturers, solving the problem of the “card neck” of the Mcu chips of the national production car code, and helping the development of the mcu industry in our country.
The company or replicates the noorflash development path, where income scale/profit capacity is expected to grow again, adding up the M & As and raising projects to improve the company's overall competitiveness. Maintenance of the “buy-a-a” rating. Macro environment and industry volatility risk; supply chain risk; exchange gain/loss risk; and lack of pace of M & A and fund-raising projects