Replenishment of the simulation line, strategic layout of lpdddr5 and the issuance of the 3rd Quarterly Report 2024 by Automobilemcu, acquisition of the Suzhou core and restructuring of the fund-raising project, net return to the mother of $832 million, an increase of 91.87 per cent.
Two hundred and forty-one million yuan, +42.83 per cent, ring +2.97 per cent; mother-to-child net profit of 315 million yuan, which is effective against market-to-storage, with a significant increase in performance of 2403. To benefit from consumption, network-to-market warming, industry, storage and calculation of market stocks are effectively deconstructed, with 24q3 companies collecting and profiting.
The company ' s q3 Māori ratio reached 41.77%, compared to +5.41pc, and the net-value customer demand and pull-up led to changes in product output structure, as well as the active roll-out of mcu and flash high performance/high-volume products and entry into the high-specity requirement area.
Services: q3flash operations are expected to grow by a ring number, driven by a recovery in consumer electronics, and companies will continue to raise their market share by launching high-performance, low-capacity products in the future.) mcu operations: mcu is expected to have achieved four consecutive quarters of higher delivery, of which,
q2 shipments are close to prehistoric levels, and q3 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2
The company plans to buy 70% of the Sioux cyborg shares in cash together with the capital of Stone Creek, the composting country, and because of the foregoing.
The deal is an important initiative to promote the company’s simulation strategy, with the company’s main products being the lithium battery protection chip, the power management chip.
In this case, the company can further strengthen the simulation team, raise the battery to manage the relevant technological reserves, and open up new opportunities for growth.
Reorienting the development and financing of the project, forward-looking lpdddr5 and car mcu)(1)dram: The company intends to develop the use of the project “dram chip R & D and industrialization” from its original sources in the light of changing market demand for the products of the dram and changing technology of the product.
And lpdddr5, the product of lpdddr5 is expected to enter the market for small-volume products by 2029 or 2030, matching the cycle of corporate fund-raising projects, and helping companies to develop in the future. Moreover, companies are largely driven by high demand and rising prices for their drams, and by better growth.
2) Automcu: The company's current new fund-raising project, Automobile Electronic Chip Development and Industrialization Project, has invested a total of $1,212 million.
Companies will improve the layout of their mcu products, improve the R & D capabilities of high-end mcu products, support the development of the mcu industry, break the monopoly of foreign manufacturers and further expand downstream demand; develop new products less than expected; and increase market competition;
▪ Profit forecasts and financial indicators, data used in this report are derived from what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness. The findings of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, fund companies, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.