Downstream demand is gradually recovering and q3 performance is growing steadily.
Chen Wei-Gwang needs to warm up downstream applications, inventory de-drawn continuously, company performance in the first three quarters of the year
In the first half of the year, there was a recovery of demand in the net markets, the third quarter of industry, storage and computing markets, the efficient de-listing of stocks, the firm’s active follow-up of changes in market demand, and a significant increase in operating income over the same period. Specifically, in the first three quarters of 2024, the company achieved a revenue of $5.65 billion, a year-on-year increase.
The Māori sales rate was 41.77%, compared to +5.41pc, ring comparison + 3.61pc, net profits on sales in the third quarter of the year, and the benefits of the company ' s operations have been steadily moving forward during the reporting period, with the benefits being ai-driven + the recovery of traditional industries.
Flush: downstream applications ranged from auto electronics, communications equipment, embedded systems, smart cards and consumer electronics to expanding applications in areas such as car electronics, servers, etc., driving industry-wide expansion.
The market size of the ball is about $2.69 billion and is expected to reach $3.6 billion by 2029, with an average annual compound growth rate of 6 per cent: the company is the third largest in the world and the largest in the country, noorflash, and, according to the web-feet research report, the company's ranking in the city of Serialnorflash rose to full in 2023.
Second place: 2dram: The global dram industry has a high concentration, with Korea's three-star electronics, sk Hercules and U.S.S. Light and Light technology combined having a market share of more than 90%, and a wide range of alternative spaces for domestic firms. The omens have multiple product models for the product lines of ddr3 and ddr4 and can be identical.
On 25th, the company announced that in 2024, the company had purchased replacements from the company’s long-term stock and its subsidiaries.
(b) The 3mcu: yole study shows that the global market size of the 2023 mcu is about $22.9 billion;
The average annual compound growth rate is expected to be 5.3% in 2022-2028, and the market size will be $32 billion in 2028.
A strategic partnership between the two sides will be developed in the area of the Gd32 Car Code mcu development tool, which is expected to further enrich the Gd32 Standard mcu development tool chain. Investment advice: the company product lines cover multiple areas of storage, mcu, sensors, etc., and continue to benefit.
Substream heating of demand + product matrices are well developed, and it is expected to achieve a double increase in volume and operating income of 54 and 34 times, respectively. Note: “market index” for this rating system, a share reference point is 300 in depth, and the new three-board reference point is three-point finger.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.