Into Tesla's supply chain, the global competition for integration will open up the company's future by supplying Tesla with a three-dollar pre-drive in the month of August 01, 2022, which will be passed through the company's board of directors.
After Ford, the company succeeded in cutting into the Tesla supply chain, gaining international approval, and demonstrating the absolute nature of the pre-company drive product.
Competing. After consideration by the board of directors, we expect to supply 170,000 tons + in accordance with the board’s rules of procedure, and will enter the main battery supply system in Tesla in the future, with a large volume. The company’s nickel smelting resources are well configured, and as a domestic nickel smelting tap, the project has been announced to be exhausted.
With a total of 585,000 tons of nickel, the company's forward drive, positive poles, integrated layout advantages are evident, and the cost of scale-based effects is subdued, giving full visibility to the company's global competitiveness. Nickel production can be released in a concentrated and profit-elastic manner.
We expect 70-80 million tons of goods to be delivered throughout the year, and we expect to double in 23 years when the ex-vector business binds well-known customers, both inside and outside the country, and we expect to double again. In 22 years, 2h will see the concentration period for the release of nickel smelting energy, and 45,000 tons of the Waco Fire Project will be put into production, which we expect to be built in the second half of the year.
At the end of June, the 60,000-ton China Wet Method project reached its site, and the 120,000-ton China Wet Flying Method project is expected to continue to increase corporate profits and make more elastic profits.
Quarterly: Performance in line with expectations, to be added: "The Cobalt Industry of China (603799): 2021 " : Review: further improvements in the integrated layout, nickel "
Three major financial projections for the Chinese-American cobalt industry.