On July 11, 22, 22, the Research Centre for Resources and the Environment issued a semi-annual forward performance announcement. 22h1 is expected to achieve a net return profit, and a unilateral downswing in copper and cobalt costs will cause a certain loss in profits.
US$ 9997/9513/tonne average ring value - 5%; US$ 36/38/lb average cobalt price, average ring price + 6%. The overall price level of copper cobalt is at historical highs and the average ring value change is limited, but 1. " Refining the nickel and lithium layout, the tri-dollar integration logic continues. "
The q2 price trend was dominated by a unilateral fall in lme copper/mbcobalt q2 by 20/18 per cent, for the company 2. The cycle + growth logic continues to materialize - UFO-1 nickel production is either not fully recognized or not fully recognized in income. 1) Waco: 45,000 tonnes project since March
Since the bottom-test production, production is now almost complete and the main product is currently nickel and iron, and the ring-to-ring contribution is part of the industry. 3. Wind-cycle + lithium discharge, high profit continuity — China’s full capacity, project q2mhp production loops are expected to increase significantly.
In the context of a certain cycle of product transport and pre-production drive, we anticipate that the company's share of the product will be sold.
q4 performance exceeded expectations, integration continued to advance - not yet fully translated into income. q3 nickel contribution performance gains were further demonstrated. As noted earlier, we expect company q2 production.
Mhp has not yet been fully converted into a pre-distribution for external sales and is still more reflected in stocks. The subsequent 24-year nickel equity production of 4/9/12 million tons; in addition, the Zimbabwe Lithium Mine project is expected to start in 23 years to contribute to a significant increase in corporate profits.
The new energy needs of Ivon niwenyi@qizq.com.cn are less than expected, the price of copper and cobalt nickel falls, exchange risk, and the project is not as fast as expected.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment