The non-ferrous metal energy industry (603799), the nickel resource configuration is another critical step in the growth of the global lithium power positive pole.
Events: Recently, the Chinese-American Cobalt Industry signed a cooperation framework agreement with Indonesia in the Freshwater Valley, where the two sides plan to cooperate in the application of high-pressure acid leaching technology, with an annual production of 60,000 tons of nickel metal, fresh water valleys, with no more than 30 per cent of Indonesian shares, and the sale of mhp products by both sides in proportion to their shareholdings, projects and projects
If there is an increase in the supply of lignite, both sides will consider expanding the capacity of the project. In the short term, China’s friend Indonesia’s nickel production is accelerating, and the future share of upstream nickel will be maintained.
1) The upstream nickel production is expanding rapidly: the Chinese-friend cobalt industry and the fresh water valley are not the first to work with Indonesia. In April and July 2022, the Chinese-friend cobalt industry and the fresh water valley and Ford Motors are planning to build a 12-million-ton Indonesian nickel project. In addition to working with the freshwater valley, the Chinese-friend cobalt industry is also working with the Aoyama Group.
The cooperative China Wet method, Waco Fire method, Hua Foo Wet method, Hua Shan Wet method, Hua Yu-Ao-Aoyama-Plus project total stock/flow (million shares) 10,000 tons of wet nickel capacity, and the nickel project has planned a total capacity of 645,000 tons.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) is 9.18 million tons of gold, 1284 million tons of gold and 1556 tons of gold, respectively.
The equity capacity of the friendly cobalt industry nickel project amounts to 395.7 million tons of gold. 2) The self-supply ratio of nickel products is expected to increase: the self-supply ratio of nickel pre-drivers downstream is expected to continue to rise as the capacity of nickel production accelerates. 395.7 million tons of nickel are measured according to the 8th high nickel pre-drivers product.
The product is available for the production of 7782 million tons of pre-drills, compared to the 400,000 tons of total pre-drilling capacity currently planned in the Chinese-American cobalt industry. On this basis, Indonesia’s nickel product is fully self-sufficient in the pre-drive business currently planned, helping to connect the positive material integration chain.
Medium-term: sufficient supply of Indonesian nickel in the fresh water valley, and technological precipitation effects in the Chinese-American cobalt industry 1) advantage of nickel in the fresh water valley: the fresh water valley is the second largest nickel producer, the industrial chain is comprehensive and the operations include mineral exploration, mineral extraction, mineral transport integration processes, ownership
There are sufficient nickel resources, which are mainly located in Canada, Indonesia, Brazil, etc. The freshwater valley indirectly holds 44.34% of Indonesia’s shares in the freshwater valley, and owns three nickel mines: Sorowako, Bahhodopi, Pomalaa, and the project company will buy them on its own.
The sorowako mine, which was produced to meet project requirements, has grown and matured since 1978, with a proven nickel reserve of approximately 1,129,800 tons of gold, a nickel mine of 4.149 million tons in 2021, a grade of 1.79 per cent and a nickel product production of 654 million.
Gold tons, which are expected to be mined until 2045, will fully secure the supply of the lignite mine. With the advantage of years of deep cultivation in the area of nickel development in Indonesia, the river valley of Indonesia will be the key to this project.
• Provide a strong resource guarantee. 2) Technical advantage of wetting in the Chinese-American cobalt industry: the 60,000-ton-year wet-up smelting project was put into operation in April 2022, and the cost of construction of the wet-law project is at a low level of industry, around $200 million, with a competitive advantage.
Building on its experience in building and smelting techniques in the China Wet Smelting Project, in the future it will be possible to continue to reduce investment costs and the cost of producing nickel from the fresh water valley project in Indonesia and to open up greater profit margins for the integrated industrial chain.
Long-term: Integrated development of the nickel industry in Indonesia, integrated industrial chain for new energy sources 1) Resource development park regionalization: The project is located in South Sulawesi Province, Indonesia, where the morowail industrial park in Indonesia is located, and where the Chinese-Yoyan cobalt project has been launched
Here. The campus has well-developed infrastructure such as electricity, docks, airports, etc. We anticipate that the Chinese friend cobalt industry will rely on the advantages of the park, compressing the production process costs of nickel products, saving the costs of crystallization, drying, dissolving, transportation, trading, etc.
Business and industrial parks will be further integrated into development and enhance mitigation efficiency. 2) Three-dollar orthodontic industry integration: cooperation between the Chinese-American cobalt industry and the fresh water valley facilitates the creation of a new energy-powered supply platform for nickel from batteries and guarantees the supply of nickel from upstream in the corporate integrated industrial chain.
The production cost of the body is the largest in terms of the cost of raw materials, which can reach over 80%, and the lower cost of producing nickel from the industry will effectively open the industrial chain. In the future, the increase will bring about an integrated industry of cobalt from China and China.
The core advantage of reducing efficiency gains is that positive material in the U.S.A. Cobalt industry will be more profitable in the future. Investment proposal: We believe that the company, as the leader of the Cobalt industry, has successfully transformed the new energy front line division, that the resource layout is perfect, and that the nickel product business will continue to add to the company’s performance.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.