On 19 August 22nd, the company released its semi-annual report and 22h1 realized a net return profit of 2.26 billion.
RMB, +53.6 per cent of the year, q2 achieved a net return profit of $1.05 billion for the single season, +29 per cent of the year.
Nickel: The growth in performance began to emerge from q3. The first half of the year was 16 million tons of nickel from the company, which is expected to be mainly for nickel iron and mhp from China. The mhp in China's mhp is packaged in proportion to the equity ratio. 3. The cycle + growth logic continues to materialize.
For sale, the part of the company’s sale is used mainly for pre-industrial integration drives. Considering the production and transport cycle, the quarterly reviews, 2022.4.27 The product has not yet been fully converted into exterior sales before q2. Thus, the first half of the year of China’s monolithic production has been achieved.
Gas Cycle + Lithium Release, High Profit Extension - HW, Better Profit (net profit of $1.35 billion) is expected to be fully reflected in the consolidated statement from q3. Lithium electricity: slightly more than anticipated profitability. 1) Volume: 369 million tons driven by the company in the first half of the year.
Lithium Cobalt Logic Recoupling – Lithium Power Integration + 26%; 383 million tons of positive materials, of which 3.32 million tons + 52% + %. Lithium, with a projected net profit of about $20,000 per ton, is a significant increase in profitability compared to last year.
Other: Investment returns were higher than in the previous period, with higher R&D investments. In the first half of the year, the company invested $570 million, mainly in new technology ($290 million) and music ($280 million) from participating companies. The company went through the technology to cover 15% of the nickel industry in the Gulf, the nickel price was high, driving the price of the nickel mine up, and the price of new technology went up.
In addition, in the context of growing corporate R & D investment and the Bamo scale, the company’s R & D costs in the first half of the year were 840 million yuan, compared to 200%, driving the continued high-end of lithium electricity products. New energy demand fell short of expectations, copper-cobalt nickel prices fell, currency exchange risks, and projects fell short of expectations.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment