Researchchand developmentcenter accelerated recovery of main battalion operations and overseas outreach facilitated transformation and upgrading
- The company's evaluation report for the Tiger Medicines (300347), which was accelerated by the resumption of operations in the main battalion on September 02, 2021, with overseas outreach driving the transition.
\triangleright Main Camp is back up fast. New orders and new employees drive long-term growth. 1) Benefit from effective control of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic in the country and mitigation of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic abroad.
Increased demand for regional clinical trials (mrct), company operations resumed on a quarterly basis with revenues of $902 million from 2021q1 battalion, an increase of 38.74 per cent over the same period, operating income of $2,154 million from 2021q2, and a slight decrease in the Maori rate as a result of exchange rate changes, and interest income increased to significantly reduce costs during the period.
The net interest rate has risen significantly. 3) The number of employees has risen rapidly, up by 7208 compared to the previous year, and is expected to contribute to sustained high performance growth.
The \triangleright Bed Test Service (cts) and the Clinical Research Related Advisory Services (crls) operating income are separate and multi-regional clinical trials have been deployed to various regions in Asia and the Pacific, Europe, Africa and Latin America;
People, further upgrading of service capabilities in overseas clinical trials (especially mrct); 4) Fonda Holdings, two overseas acquisitions, upgrading of service capabilities in the field of genomics and drug discovery, and expansion of service and geographical coverage of laboratory operations.
\triangleright Risk factors: the risk of declining demand for research and development inputs and outsourcing in the pharmaceutical industry, the continuing global epidemic, the impact of operational risks, the risk of exchange rate movements, increased risk associated with industry competition, and the risk of policy impact.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
1. The accelerated resumption of operations in the main camp, the recovery of operations in the main camp, driven by new orders and new staff, and the high increase in net non-mortality profits. In the first half of 2021, benefiting from the effective control of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic in the country and the mitigation of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic in the country, while increasing demand for multi-regional clinical trials (mrct).
The firm ' s business recovery accelerated with its main business income of 2,056 million yuan, which was 41.62 per cent more than the previous year, business income of 902 million yuan for 2021q1, which was 38.74 per cent more than the previous year, and business income of 2,021q2 more than 1,154 million yuan, which was 43.96 per cent more than the previous year, is on the move towards a seasonal recovery: the company achieved a net return to its mother ' s profit of 1,255 million yuan, which was 25.65 per cent more than the same year, and non-recurrent gains and losses totalling $712 million.
The net profit from withholding is 543 million yuan, an increase of 79.10 per cent from the previous year, reflecting a high rate of recovery in corporate profitability.Figure 1: the quarterly recovery of the business income from the Tiger Medicines (millions) and Figure 2: the rapid increase in the net profit from withholding the Tag Medicines from the Mothers (millions)
The company's overall Māori rate declined slightly and the net interest rate increased significantly. The 2021H1 Māori rate decreased by 0.89 percentage points from the year to year, mainly due to the company's new mrct project, which resulted in a slight decline in the Māori rate for technical services and a significant appreciation of the renminbi against the United States dollar.
The Māori project has been affected in some way by the percentage points, mainly due to the number of company sales teams, the increase in remuneration and the increase in market activity; the administrative cost rate of 11.95 per cent, a decrease of 0.57 percentage points from the same year, which we consider to be mainly an improvement in the administrative cost rate as a result of the scale effect;
The increase in interest income on fund-raising by the Division is due to the fact that interest income contributed most significantly to the fall in the cost rate during the period and to the rise in non-net interest rates, with a 13.85 per cent reduction in the cost rate over the period for 2021h1, a 6.99 percentage point decrease over the same period, a reduction in the non-net interest rate Operational efficiency, a significant contribution to operating income and a deduction in the net profit from the non-return to the mother, with an income of $285,000 per capita for the same period for 2021h1,
This represents an increase of 4.4 per cent, or $75,000 per capita, or 32.0 per cent. We believe that the high growth in the number of employees has enhanced the ability of companies to take over projects, demonstrating their confidence in future orders and performance, and is expected to increase further as the operations affected by the epidemic recover further.
Global demand for clinical trials has risen, and new subscriptions have increased significantly, laying the foundation for the next stage of development. As a national clinical pole company that can provide process-wide services, companies have benefited from the continued investment of global pharmaceutical and medical equipment companies in research and development, the gradual resumption of research and development activities affected by the epidemic, and the increased demand for clinical trials related to new coronary pneumonia, among other reasons.
2021h1 has an additional order of $5.07 billion, an increase of 15.82 per cent over the same period. Because of the long lead times in the execution of clinical trial orders, 2. Two major business balances have been developed, with overseas outreach contributing to the upgrading of internationalization.
At the same time, the growth rate is high. 2021h1 company cts earns $1,033 million, or 45.36 per cent more than the same year. The higher growth is mainly attributable to 1) 2020h1 major clinical operations that are more affected by the epidemic and have a lower base; 2) clients ' demand for mrct operations increases; 3) medical translation and drug alert operations continue to contribute high growth revenues.
The dollar, which represents an increase of 38.42% in the same year, has benefited from a high increase of 1) 2020h1smo operations, which is highly affected by the epidemic and has a low base; 2) the adverse effects of the epidemic have gradually subsided in 2021, and client demand has gradually increased. Corporate cts and crls operations together account for more than 99.5% of the company’s total revenues, distributed evenly, and together contribute to the company’s rapid growth.
Business constitutes a stable in-house Māori rate. The cts Business Block includes clinical trial operation services, medical translation and registration services, drug alert services, etc., with a 51.22% Māori rate for 2021H1cts, a 0.28 percentage point decrease compared to the previous year, and a decrease in Māori clinical trial operation services due to an increase in excess of manual fees, offset by high Māori medical translation and registration services;crls
The Business Block includes data management and statistical analysis services, smo services, laboratory services, etc., 2021h1crls operations Māori performance rate is 43.89 per cent, a decrease of 1.32 percentage points from the same period, the decrease in the Māori rate of the TIM due to exchange rate changes is offset by a recovery in the Māori rate of the laboratory services, and the business structure stabilizes the Māori rate internally and creates a dynamic balance.
Deep deployment of overseas operations to speed up the transition to internationalization. As of 30 June 2021, the company had 491 drug clinical pilot projects, with 111 projects outside the country, 16 new projects, 29 mrc projects, and 9 new projects. To further enhance the service capacity of overseas clinical trials (especially mrct), by 2021
Six months later, the company added 12 more experienced global project managers, expanding the global project management team to 43, while expanding the services of the United States Clinical Operations Team to work with more than 20 leading United States oncology clinical trials. In the first half of 2021, the subsidiary's Clandestine Holdings acquired two American companies, further upgrading.
Services capacity in the field of genomics and drug discovery, expansion of the services and coverage of laboratory operations, R & D inputs in the pharmaceutical industry and risk of reduced demand for outsourcing
2) Business risks associated with the continued development of the global epidemic. Many of the company's operations, such as clinical trial operating services and smo operations, need to be on-site in hospitals, and their operations will be adversely affected if the global epidemic continues or increases.
Some of the company's business income is predominantly settled in United States dollars, and if the renminbi is to appreciate significantly against the dollar in the future, the company's revenue growth will be faced with competition from the foreign leader, Cro, and the country's fast-growing small and medium-sizedcroft, as well as with potential competition from the pharmaceutical company's own clinical team, which will have a negative impact on the company's operations if competition in the industry increases.
The pharmaceutical industry is strictly regulated, and the company’s operations are strongly influenced by industry regulations and standards. Jo Ya-hyun, a team member, a master’s degree in chemistry from the University of Xianan Transport, joined the Sindha Portfolio in 2021, and served as a staff member in cdmo, medicine, Lee Yu-tae, a team member, and a doctor of medicine from the Beijing Institute of Association and Medical Sciences.
Baker Mankulte (Danah Group), with extensive experience in business. Joined the Sindha Securities in July 2021 and was responsible for research on the medical equipment plate, and was a member of the team, the Master of Pharmacy, University of Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro at ppc and paraxel, 2021, and entered the Sinda Securities, which was responsible for research in the cxo industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.