Transport Group Income growth costs are rigid and q3 performance has increased significantly The first three quarters of the year saw companies achieve operating income of $9.71 billion, an increase of 5.7 per cent over the previous three quarters
Millions of yuan, a 7.5 per cent increase in the same year; net return to the mother of 590 million yuan, a 53 per cent increase in the same year; sustained recovery in business volume of 2025q3 and growth in revenue collection.
Continued recovery and significant growth in the international line. q3 Port Airport passenger traffic increased by 7.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The increase was 3.8 per cent over the same period, with domestic lines + 3.7 per cent, international lines + 17 per cent, regional lines — 0.1 per cent. With the resumption of traffic, the revenue of q3 companies increased by 7.5 per cent over the same period, with tax-free contract revenues of $314 million, or 18 per cent over the same period; and advertising contract revenues of $170 million, or 2 per cent below the same year.
Business costs are relatively rigid, and q3 is more profitable than ever. Business costs for company 2025q3 increased by only 1% compared to the same year, less than the increase in income, the Māori rate increased by 4.6 pct to waivers during the same period, and the recovery of international routes facilitated the growth of non-airline business.
The signing policy has continued to be optimized, so far we have been exempt from the 30-day waiver for regular passport personnel from 47 countries and from the bilateral waiver policy with 29 countries, including Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Georgia. In addition, 55 countries have valid international travel documents and days of certainty.
These policies help to raise the volume of international passengers at airports, where the company’s flag, Pudong Airport, is the largest airport for passengers in our international region, and where income from non-aerial operations, such as tax exemptions, is expected to increase as international visitors recover.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Recover demand less than expected, tax-free business operations risk, expansion impact over-expected risk, fee-price control risk, aviation oil policy risk.
0/0, sweep for more services, sweep for more services
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market