In 2024, a structural adjustment continued to be made to the “arithmetic plus connection” structure of industry investment resulting in changes in the structure of the ict industry and pressure on corporate income. (1) 5g network development entered maturity, operator investment overall declined, structural changes took place, and company operator network operations started in 2024.
Increased competitiveness of home-grown arithmetic (server, etc.) products, with 18.6 billion top/lowest price of one cellular phone in 2024, and companies pre-positioning a full series of multi-form ai terminals, home terminals, mobile phones and migration
The growth in mobile products, cloud computers, etc., was 16.1% higher than the same year for consumer operations, with mobile products growing by more than 40% more than the same year. The income structure has been adjusted and the Māori rate has fallen by 3.57 pt over the same year.
Low server product revenue ratio increased, and corporate corporate Māori ratio fell by 19.58 pct to resource precision investment, with lower costs. On the cost side, the company developed, sold, managed 0.54 pct/0.81 pct/0.84 pct in 2024.
Efficiency, with three cost rates being effectively controlled. Companies continued to use “connectivity plus arithmetic” as a support point in 2025 to accelerate the expansion of their computing and cellular operations.
In the area of numeracy, companies use their capacity to contribute to the ecological development of diverse national production and intelligence. In terms of intelligence infrastructure — 2024-06-13 — and platform technology, national production and intelligence server sizes are achieved; self-developed sea chips are used to support a variety of applications.
China Communications (000063.sz) - Quarterly smooth development to accelerate `connection plus arithmetic acceleration hardware; aibooster training platform to support the efficient deployment of DeepSeek. (2) In mobile phone, China Communications (000063.sz) 2023 was robust and research and development remained high-intensity investment
In this area, the company's mobile phone, the layout of aiforaii, the full-scale landscape ecology. The company's home-grown product, Midway News (00063.sz) — three quarters — has been growing in investment in research and development, working to build a multi-million annual delivery that will be the world's first in a row for four years. The company will continue to deploy a series of multi-formais.
The end product, a new multi-model interactive experience based on the ai voice, is used as an entry point. Investment advice: the company continues to be configured as “arithmetic plus connectivity” and operates robustly.
Structural adjustment. (1) 5g network construction is in maturity, operators are in a state of general decline, structural changes, government markets are investing more in R & D, improving the competitiveness of numeracy products (servers, etc.) and in 2024, public enterprises received $18.6 billion, an increase of 36.68 per cent. (3) The company has a tight grip on the opportunities of the one.
The opportunity to upgrade the gigabyte network, i-phones, etc., led companies to deploy a full series of multi-formai terminals, with household end-of-life, mobile phones and mobile interconnection products, cloud computer receipts all increasing, with 16.1 per cent more than the same year for consumer operations, with more than 40 per cent more than the same year for mobile products.
Figure 5: Structure of income from company-owned operations (in billions of yuan) Figure 6: Ratio of corporate domestic and overseas operations to revenue (in %)
The decline of 3.57 pct over the same year is mainly due to all the effects of the income structure, and with the increase in the share of gross domestic product (Māori) in server products, which is relatively low, the ratio of gross domestic product (Māori) in corporate governance fell by 19.58 pct to 15.33% over the same year. The cost of operating commercial resources is reduced by precision investment. In terms of costs, the company ' s R&D, sales, and management costs in 2024 were reduced.
The company’s focus on focused projects, precision placement, improved management efficiency, and effective management of three cost rates. In 2025, the company continued to use “connectivity plus arithmetic” as its support point, accelerating the expansion of arithmetic, mobile phones, and, in 2025, “connection plus arithmetic” as its support point, accelerating the expansion of arithmetic and mobile phone operations.
In this area, the company contributes to the eco-development of a diverse national resource base with full capacity. In the area of intelligence infrastructure and platform technology, it delivers on a national intelligence server scale; self-researchs sea chips to support multi-arimental acceleration hardware; and an albooster booster platform to support the efficient deployment of Deepseek. (2) In the area of mobile phones, the company is active.
Mobile phones, layout "alforall" landscape ecology. Corporate end-products have lost hundreds of millions of annual shipments for four consecutive years, the world’s number one. Companies will continue to configure a series of multi-formai end-products, using the one-phone as an entry point, and create a completely new multi-model interactive experience dominated by the one-sounding.
In 2025, the company continued to expand its numeracy and cellular operations on the basis of “connectivity plus arithmetic.” The company’s focus on nationally owned, controlled and core chip research and development continued to increase the Māori rate, while the cost of R&D continued to invest in investment, profitability and net interest rates are expected to improve in the future:
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject