Sino-Sinte steel (000708.sz) – Three-quarterly editions of 2023, a relatively robust company. In the first three quarters of 2023, the steel industry operated in a weak demand, with the company relying on production.
In the first half of the year, the company gained a share in Tianjin steel control, generating operating income of 86.414 billion yuan, an increase of 14.44 per cent over the same year, and a net profit of 4,374 million yuan to the mother, a decrease of 21.09 per cent. In the first quarter of the third quarter, the company achieved operating income of 28.889 billion yuan, a decline in the ring.
The main applications of the company’s products include the energy industry, the automobile industry, the mechanical industry, etc., and, as market demand changes, the company actively adjusts its variety structure, weakens its bearing steel, and cars to 10,000 tons, up to an all-time high.
Cost transfer capacity is strong. Special steel products have a variety, high requirements, complex processes, etc., which should normally be used to equip critical components in the manufacturing field, and end-users have a stable material, performance and quality of the products procured.
Qualitativeity is highly demanding, and therefore there is a high degree of stickyness between users and qualified suppliers. Companies are deeply involved in the cultivation of specialized steel, have a wealth of goods, provide highly customized services to customers and have a pre-intervention marketing model, and maintain long-term strategic cooperation with a large number of users, especially downstream industry champions.
Clients use annually agreed pricing, negotiate base prices for products, and then determine final prices based on quarterly or monthly steel and raw materials markets and company price policies. Higher customer stickyness, high-end product setting, and unique pricing models make companies more cost-driving and more stable than steel.
The first three quarters, the cost of company sales, the cost of management, and the development of Sino-Sinte steel (000708.sz)-2022: sound business performance, internal performance.
Triennial Review of Sino-Sinte Steels (000708.sz)-2022: Steady Development, Crossing the Mid-Year Review of Sino-Sinte Steels (000708.sz)-2022: Strong Performance, Censorship Weeks, Sino-Sinte Steels (000708.sz) - Optimizing Product Structure, Steady Performance Uplifting -
Investment proposals: There is much room for the development of the domestic steel market, and the company, as a super-stylish company, has a clear growth path, has a prominent market position, has a strong business performance, and is a rare target for the special steel industry. Given industry needs and quality advantages, the overall performance has been fairly stable.
Figure 3: Net profits from corporate return (millions of yuan) is a positive response to market changes. The main areas of use of the company’s products include the energy industry, the automobile industry, the mechanical industry, etc., where, as market demand changes, the company actively adjusts its variety structure, weakens its bearing steel, and uses the automobile special steel market.
In the first half of 2023, companies completed 9.42 million tons of product sales, creating an opportunity to adapt their supply chains overseas. Cost transfer capacity is strong.
Equipment of key components in the manufacturing field, and high requirements of end-users for material, performance and quality stability in the procurement of products, so there is a high degree of stickyness between users and qualified suppliers. The company ' s deep-drawn steel industry is rich in goods, provides highly customized services to clients and uses pre-intervention marketing models, and uses a large amount of it.
Households maintain long-term strategic cooperation, especially with their downstream counterparts. Companies adopt annual agreed pricing, negotiate product base prices, and then determine final prices based on quarterly or monthly steel and raw materials markets and company price policies.
Cost transfer capabilities and performance stability are much higher than the average in the steel industry. Increased costs during the period.
Industry, clear growth paths, a prominent market position, and robust business performance are among the rare targets of the special steel industry. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and free of any third party approval or influence; the authors have not studied it in the past, now or in the future.