Real estate, real estate development, leading in size. Founded in 1997, the company has accumulated unique advantages in a number of areas, and developed a stable top five in the industry, focusing on three types of operations: development operations, asset operations, and property services.
The second growth curve is growing steadily, with 13 per cent of the non-development revenue. The real control of the company is the conglomerates, which hold about 58 per cent of the shares, and the equity structure is stable.
Sales are maintained in the country’s top five and center of interest cities. In 2024, companies achieved sales of $219.3 billion, a 25 per cent decline in the same year; 9.36 million square metres were sold, a 24 per cent decrease in the same year; sales were guaranteed at a total land price of approximately $48.6 billion; the company paid about $33.5 billion, and the company was in the “core 10” city.
By the end of 2024, the company had eliminated its pre-receipt asset liabilities at 62%, net liability at 56%, cash short debt at 1.6%, and the “triple red line” remained green.
The Department has taken advantage of the financing advantages of $9.2 billion in operating property loans throughout the year and a stronger debt structure, with an additional $15.5 billion in open-market financing and a lower nominal interest rate for the same sector throughout the year.
Investment proposal: The company ' s land is of relatively good quality, its finances are healthy, and it is expected to continue to emerge in the general environment of the industry.
In the course of the year, the company has completed a major unprecedented reorganization. The company has accumulated unique advantages in a number of areas around three types of business development, asset operations, and property services.
In addition to developing business, the second growth curve is steadily growing, with the company ' s revenue from development business, urban services, asset operations being 87 per cent, 9 per cent, 4 per cent respectively, and non-development business (the real control of the company ' s business as a group of firms holding about 58 per cent of shares as of the end of 2024, with deep investment at the same time).
In recent years, as a result of the downside of the industry, the company’s Māori rate has continued to be under pressure and has decreased by 36% compared to the expected future housing prices. The main reasons for the company’s unprofitable gains include: 1) the company’s asset and credit impairments.
Sales were maintained at the top five of the country ' s top five, with a focus on the core city. In 2024, the company achieved sales of $219.3 billion, a 25 per cent decline in the same year; and 9.36 million square metres of sales, approximately 2.25 million square metres, with a total land value of approximately $48.6 billion, with the company paying approximately $33.5 billion, at the company ' s cost of land.
The proportion of investments in the “core 10” was 90 per cent, with investments in first-line cities accounting for 59 per cent of corporate investment.
Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
3. The company ' s management costs/business income are expected to be 1.3 per cent over the next three years, which is essentially the same as in 2024.4 The company ' s projected sales costs/business income for the next three years are expected to be 3.0 per cent, an increase over the previous period, mainly in view of increased channel expenditure in the face of difficulties in decolonizing new housing.
Profit forecasting and sensitivity analysis over the next three years Sensitivity analysis of profit forecasting: companies are predominantly engaged in real estate development, future sales growth rates, clearing rhythms, cost rates will determine the growth rate of future net profits. We divide profit forecasting into optimism, neutrality.
Pessimistic predictions: 1) Under optimistic circumstances, corporate revenue and Māori rates are at levels that are better than expected ... without impairment; 2) Under pessimistic circumstances, corporate revenue and Māori rates are at different levels than expected, and there are significant adjustments to the present value method to estimate real estate development operations: we use hypothetical development methods to assess their project value.
Three-year (2025-2027) average contract prices for real estate sales are close to but not higher than the 2024 average contract prices, Wacc Sensitivity analysis for absolute valuation of real estate development operations: assuming 12.5 per cent for Wacc, under conservative assumptions, the revaluation of equity in real estate development operations is estimated at $23.1 billion, and after adjusting net book assets, it is estimated that rnavps
$11.38. When the average sales price changes simultaneously over the next five years, assuming a Wacc increase to 20% and a 30% decline in the average sales price over the next five years, the revalued equity value of the real estate development business is $15.3 billion, relative valuation: more comparable corporate valuations are roughly the same
For example, China’s overseas development, Toyo Real Estate, and the International Group for the Construction of China’s Development Group have been selected for a share and Hong Kong’s share, which is dominated by real-estate development, as well as for a significant regional advantage of deep-farming. Based on the market’s unanimous expectations, and the manual elimination of a certain liquidity discount on Hong Kong’s share, it is comparable to the company’s 2025 flat price.
It's 12.5 times more dynamic, compared to 17.2 times more dynamic pe in 2025, which is more comparable to companies, taking into account the good quality of the company's land, the strong financing background and the adequacy of impairments, and taking into account the significant amount of high-quality land in the former Sea, we believe that companies have a certain level of valuation.
After adjustment, we believe that the value of the business is roughly the same as that of the company. The investment proposal is that the first coverage be given to a “better than the big city” rating, that the company's land quality is relatively good, that it remains healthy financially, and that it is expected to stay out of the general industry environment.
Out. The company has had sufficient impairments over the past few years, and as the company's low-morigin projects are settled, the public thinks that there is room for 0 to 20% of the company's share value compared to the current stock price, and for the first time it covers “better than the big market” and we use absolute and relative valuation to calculate the company's reasonable valuation, with weighted capital costs.
(wacc), average sales price of a company's marketable items, sales progress, comparative valuations, etc., all have some weighting capital costs (wacc) having a very significant impact on the company's valuation, and we assume in calculating Wacc that the risk rate is 1.80 per cent, the risk premium is 6.50 per cent, and there may still be low estimates or values for these parameters,
The risk of an overvalued company ' s valuation as a result of the low Wacc calculation value is:2 our assumption of the average sales price of the company ' s marketable items is based on the average sales price of the company ' s floor 2022, and the risk of the company ' s valuation being overestimated by assuming that the average price is higher than the actual sales price in the future;
3. Based on the company ' s existing soil storage resources, we have distributed the company ' s current earth storage housing to the end of five years, not excluding the fact that the company ' s sales were not as fast as expected as expected, which led to a decline in the company ' s valuation,4 and that we selected a stock and port ' s flagship company, which is based on real estate development, as part of our relative valuation.
As a reference, there is a risk that property plate valuations will fall down as a whole, or that the company will not develop as well as its peers.1 Our projections of corporate profitability are based on more assumptions, including the rate of growth in operating income, and the fact that the company will not be able to earn as much as it does.
The assumptions of operating costs, administrative costs, sales costs, etc., are that there are indicators and closing rates that are not up to date, and that our assumptions about the company ' s future Māori rate and impairment are based on expectations of flat house prices at the time of settlement, without excluding the possibility that future house prices will continue to fall, resulting in a continued increase in the company ' s revenue.
2. Not excluding the risk that a sharp rise in industry credit risk will result in further tightening of real estate finance policies.1 Not excluding the risk that the company will not expand at the desired pace in the future;2 Not excluding the risk that the company will complete its work at a slower pace than expected;
3. If the industry does not recover rapidly, it is expected that corporate profitability levels will continue to be pressured, not excluding the company ' s Māori rate,4 or the risk of a company ' s falling sales speed and stock depreciation if the core urban real estate fundamentals of the company ' s deep-cultivation decline is less than expected.
1. Not excluding the risk that the financial costs of the company will increase as a result of the deterioration of the industry's financing environment;3 not excluding the risk of liquidity problems in the company as a result of inadequate financial management;
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author