The Pacific Securities Institute, April 10th, 2020.
1. Vitamin heading patterns are being re-formed. Retrace the changes in the vitamin industry, which has just ended its rapid expansion in 2015, with the phasing out and consolidation of individual product groups.
The price of the best-formed vitamina product was reversed from the bottom to the oligopoly pattern. The overseas supplier’s policy of controlling price premiums was also successful. We pre-empted the price of va until it was released; when it was integrated with Tesman, the base price reversed. 2. Pig farming was gradually restored to its annual level, and feed demand was expected to reverse.
As farming is profitable and supported by the Ministry of Agriculture's policy, it is expected to return to its 2018 level in 2020, and although overall consumption is still declining, livestock production is gradually returning to growth with a “cow tail effect” on upstream raw materials. Product prices are expected to be reversed by ending the three or four quarters decline.
In the two-quarters de-stocking strategy, overseas distributors are urgently hoarding up prices to fast-track prices. Second, in the medium term: 10 billion investment projects are building up the company’s growth potential.
With the release, re-creation and formation of new capacity, the vitamin/procedural acid industry has developed from the period of expansion of capacity, demand has dwindled, to the stage of industrial chain alignment, integration from upstream intermediates, and production processes have increased.
Three, and in the long term: to be a “Tesman” in China, to innovate in fine chemicals and to improve the quality of life. Building capacity is in line with strategic planning, continues to follow an integrated, serialized, scale-based strategy, and captures the direction in which chemosynthesis and bioferment are developing, supported by key intermediates.
To achieve technological synergies and market synergies to meet the diverse needs of downstream customers, and to increase market share and profitability.
From the company’s listing in 2004 to 2019, operating income rose from $1.13 billion to $7.607 billion (cagr = 13.56%), and the net return to the mother increased from $74.63 million to $2,218 billion (cagr = 25.37%), with some cyclical growth in the overall performance cycle.
Companies are gradually enriching their product categories, increasing technological synergies and market synergies, and the ratio of flavours to new materials continues to rise. The return on corporate equity can be maintained at around 15%. Second, vitamin plate profits are rising steadily, small products are flexible enough to produce 10,000 tons of vitamina, the country is currently the only country to have access to core intermediate techniques for the production of lemon formaldehyde, the second largest supplier in the world.
After industrial consolidation in 2014-2015, industry competitors applied controlled price quotations and product prices remained high (at $307/kg at the beginning of the year up to the current level of $535/kg). The company produced 40,000 tons of vitamine, the second largest supplier in the world, with sales volume of 330,000 tons and global demand of 140,000 tons. The integration of Canter and Tesman in 2018-2019 was expected to bring about a change in the pattern and a return to the price base (at the beginning of the year, 48/kg to the current level of 75/kg). The company also owns biomass, vitamins.
Other vitamin products, such as d3, are at the forefront of global supply. As product prices fluctuate, good performance elasticity is provided.
Large chemicals, large engineering areas, lay the foundation for future development. Fourthly, fragrances make a product matrix, new material plates continue to advance, companies have a rich class of fragrances, with aromatic ol market share of over 80%, raspberry ketone market share of over 90%, while increasing the range of ethyl barbofol.
The company now has 15 million tons of production capacity and pa test line. The polysulfur ether series has succeeded in breaking key industrial technologies. Products have successfully entered mainstream market applications such as automobiles, electronics, and environmental dust removal, breaking the situation that the domestic market for polysulfur ethers has been dominated by companies like the United States and Japan for many years. 14.8 times. Considering that the company is the leader of the country’s precision industry, downstream applications are mainly in the areas of nutrition and medicine, and the three main bases are the Zhejiang, Shandong and Heilongjiang Zhe.
Profit projections and financial indicators: I. Fine chemical industry lead business, cycle growth II. Vitamin plate profit booms, small product elasticity
iii. Egg amino production can expand, process improvements improve, and cost continues to decrease iv. Favorite spices are rich, product matrices are made. V. New material plates are promising, and downstream customers are breaking out faster.
Prospective earnings and ratings 1.1 Fine chemical industry lead companies are highly focused at the national level for the production of nutrients, fragrances, new materials for high molecules and raw materials
Corporate-led vitamina, vitamine, and fragrance series are in the lead globally: high scores.
Integration, serialization, scalation, continuous extension of the industrial chain up and down to new sub-materials pps and pyreamine products have formed a scale production that breaks the international monopoly.
There's coronation, and the Redlis chemical industry produces all sides.
The company produces 10,000 tons of vitamina, connects the entire industrial chain of va synthesis, controls the production of the core intermediate lemon formaldehyde, and constantly expands its portfolio of products.
Technology, now the world’s second-largest supplier, supply in 2018 was about 22% of total global demand.
In collaboration with, market synergies and management, reduce costs and increase profitability The company produced 40,000 tons of vitamine in 2018, with the company ' s supply of vitamine products accounting for some of the world ' s total demand
20% of the innovative synthetic and biochemical technologies are the world's second largest suppliers.
The company has a capacity of 50,000 tons of ecstasy, an additional 250,000 tons planned for three years, and an overall capacity expansion of 300,000 tons, and is moving in the direction of further technological innovation through continuous adaptation and refinement of core technologies.
The company also owns other vitamin products, such as biomass and vitamin d3, which are among the world’s leading suppliers.
Fragrance plate: New and emerging global leader in fragrance, aromatic aromatics market share over 80%, pelvic ketamine market share over 90%. Tethman was established in 2015 in a joint venture with Tesman.
New material plate: the company has 15,000 tons of production capacity and the test line in the pa.
Signing of cooperation with soil shares in 2016, pps conversion project, 2013 pps new materials project operational
In 2014, a framework agreement was signed with the Chinese Academy of Sciences on biochemicals and the construction of a biofermentation project in 2018.
In 1999, the synthesizing plant in Shinchang County took up its share.
Automotive modifications, establishment of companies. Cactus breeding technology — fermentation technology — separation technology — equipment technology. Biogens research and development successful in 2002, filamentary esters,
Two new products of aromatic sulfonol through the national torch 2004-2010 Market orientation and technological innovation continue to drive corporate development throughout the country
Over 1.2 bases are at risk of smooth production.
The production bases are located in Zhejiang, Shandong and Heilongjiang, located in the economic development area of Hangzhou Bay, and occupied by Zhejiang Shinchang.
1,000 acres, with the present U.S.A. Biochemicals Ltd., Zhejiang New and New Chang Production Area in Shaochen City, Zhejiang Province, with over 800 acres of land, and others such as Zhejiang Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Zhejiang Shin and Cheng Special Materials Ltd.
New Chang and Vitamins Ltd., Veer New Animals Inc., predominantly in vitamina, vitamine, polysulfide (pps) Nutritional Health Products Ltd., predominantly in feed and food fortification
High-temperature nylons (ppa), production and marketing of products such as yellow and shrimp linin, plus vitamin a, vitamin e, vitamin h, vitamin d3, company new material plate extensions, successful completion of key raw material packages, and
The production of pigments, auxiliary enzyme q10, etc., has become an international re-sulfur ether fibres industrialization device, and sales have been increasing year by year, successfully entering the European base for fat soluble vitamins.
Heilongjiang Züzig base, Shandong Peng base, Heilongjiang production base located in Heilongjiang province.
The production base in Shandong is located in the Tandong Province, located in the Yuya Bay Sea Economic and Technical Development Area, which occupies more than 3,000 acres of land, creates more than 10000 acres of high value added, green rings, existing Shandong New and Holdings Ltd., Shandong New and Seng
Pharmacy Ltd., Shandong New and Acids Ltd., New and Insurable Nutrition Projects in Shandong, Food Adders Projects, Pharmaceutical Raw Materials, etc., major products including Auxiliary Enzymes q10, Hydrac acid, Mountains
Vitamins Ltd., several government-owned pearols, such as Shandong New and Precision Technologies Ltd. and others.
The production and sale of products are carried out in collaboration with national and international bioresearch and development institutions, such as Zhejiang Industrial University.
In 2018, the participation in holding companies made a profit of $13 billion in investment projects, expanding different product lines, 1.4 equity structures to be stable, and employee ownership schemes to be effective incentives
The company actually controls the company’s ownership structure, which has been largely stable since it was listed. The company values the teacher’s culture and constantly improves the talent development system, based on the idea of the champions.
The company implemented the first employee holding plan in July 2015 and the sale was completed in May 2018. The second employee holding plan was implemented in December 2018, with a total of 12 directors, supervisors and senior managers participating in the employee holding plan, holding 13.37 per cent of the total share of the employee holding plan; the rest of the staff did not exceed 13.37 per cent.
598 persons holding 86.63 per cent of the total share of the employee ' s equity plan, with a contribution of up to $102.5 million, with a ratio of 1:1 to no more than $102.5 million (bank lending or borrowing by major shareholders), with a total of 7 May 2019, the company ' s second-phase employee ' s share plan was purchased cumulatively through a level II competitive exchange
The company shares of 1,186 million shares with an agreed value of 200 million yuan, with an average price of approximately $16.98 per share, fixed fixed-term project 12 600 tons/year of trimethylhydrazine, isoplantol, aromaticol, filamentary esters, methylethylene ketone, 700
Tons/yearb-Vilacone, vitamina palmate, 80 tonnes/year bicyclotherene, artemisinin-based ammonium, , 20 tonnes/year, 600 tonnes/year reciprocal ketone, 3,000 tonnes/year lemon formaldehyde, 30.2 per cent tonnes/year tomato-superm, 5,000 tonnes/year polysulphine and 6,000 tonnes of composite materials
National priority new products trimethylhydrazine, methyl(b)oxymetrazine dimethylacetic acid, isoplantol, fragrance ester, β-violandone, β-violandone, sweetol, vinylated ketone, va palmate, ring
The profits of thiram, filamental yolk, yolkol, high-sense-dihydromistone meth esters, (thorium) erythrin, sculphurene 1.5 have grown through the cycle and have gone up to the new steps, looking at the company's long-term development and the company's gradual reduction of the impact of the volatility of vitamin prices. The ratio of spices to new material Māori has continued to rise.
The company’s profitability is still characterized by high Maori, high net profit, high barriers. 1.6 Becomes Tesman, China, a fine chemical worker who creates a good life.
A unique, highly integrated, global and wide-ranging field of care has been created in the field of care.
Nutrition and other special components solutions are available in different locations through the business network.
We have an important footprint of diversity, and we have an important footprint of premixes.
Sales: + €2,892 (2018:€2,749) Excellent formulation and delivery systems that contribute to sustainable nutrition and health solutions
Organicgroth: 41% Sales: 17% volumegroveth: 2%
Volumegroveth: 2% organigroveth: +4% Pricegroveth: +2%
The product infrastructure consists of a complete nutrient component. It includes vitamins, nutrients and nutrients
Classes, carrots, minerals, fungi, enzymes and yeasts, as well as agents, spices and cultures. This level of diversity and integration creates a elastic regions
n-aml-ameaasasiarow portfolio with limited exposure to risks for single products or customers while benefiting from actionsalities
The opportunities offered by global trends.
Beverag Animal Nutrition Strategy
Functiona yaastextracts market
Excellence in marketing and marketing, especially building expert capacity to respond to wider nutriic medica
This is the first time in the history of the United States of America that there have been several examples of species opportunities and the pursuit of new health solutions.
Focus on clients, be flexible, improve client end-to-end experiences and put clients at the centre of everything we do.
Further investment in the capacity of firms to direct to farmers (e.g., in China) and full-scale newmobilization &
It's the only thing I've ever seen.
Human Nutrition Strategy
High-performance plastics blo-
Provision of tailor-made nutrients to local enterprises through global layout and R & D capacity
It also uses the advantage of premixing to help reduce global business.
♪ dyneema* mlaga*fibersolutions ♪
Production and R & D costs and innovative solutions to replace sugar, salt and fat.
We're going to be able to do it again, and we're going to have to do it again.
*Extrusion greenproducts and applications dineema*
It will be supported by a series of focused large innovative projects - e.g. the Bull Cleaning Project, LifeProtection Power
Veramaris, yeast, enzymes and yeast for 1.5 and 2-generation bioethanol coatingrens, niagas, additives, plant proteins, and bioagriculture.
According to Boa and the news data, China produced 334,000 tons of vitamins in 2018 and 450,000 tons globally. 252,000 tons were exported throughout the year, representing 75 per cent of exports.
As a result of changes in product prices, the global market space for industry is between $3.2 billion and $5.8 billion, or RMB 22.6 and RMB 40 billion. Under the conditions of the African swine plague, total feed consumption has fallen, pig consumption has declined, poultry, aquatic production, and antisorts have increased.
With a monthly recovery in livestock production in 2020, there will be a “cow tailing effect” on upstream feed and raw material vitamins. 2.2 The overall supply of vitamins is slightly overstretched, with oligopolistic patterns beginning to become relatively stable between vitamina and calcium perate patterns.
The production of vitamina plants outside the country continues, giving rise to stressful psychological expectations.
Vitamins b1, Vitamin b6, Vitamin b12. Vitamin b2 and Vitamin c have been gradually dispersed since 2018, with increased productivity and prices.
Vitamin d3 and folic acid, supply is not stable, and there are additional and exit capacities, products.
Price trends show a sharp fall. Vitamins e. Vitamink3, biomes, fluid ammonium production is severely over-capacity, but has been recombined with mergers.
The rise in raw material prices, among other things, is driven by a bottom drop of 2.3 vitamina: high price shocks, strong profit support, higher concentration of vitamina markets, high entry barriers. There are clear thresholds in funding and technology, especially supply shortages of raw materials, and a large wave of vitamin prices.
The new entrants’ first consideration is the purchase of raw materials. So future expansion is also concentrated on the old industry, and concentration is expected to increase further.
The main raw material for vitamina production, b-Valoxone, and upstream lemon formaldehyde, are highly concentrated in Germany and Japan, with relatively stable supplies. The only technology breakthrough in the country is now in place, with the company’s excellent technological and engineering capabilities.
Lemon formaldehyde distribution and downstream applications.
By the end of 2017, Tethman acquired the Brazilian amyris, which was the exclusive source of ad hoc side-chain material (Franylene). The merger accelerated in 2019, and the market share increased considerably.
Realization of industry costs is lowest, and the price of the product is in their hands. Short-term viewing, controlled pricing secures a profit center, while other companies are afraid to expand their production significantly in the long run and under strategic threat. 2.5 Vitaminsd3/biobiotics: small products are volatile and flexible.
Small product groups such as vitamin d3 and biotics, where supply and demand structure changes are not stable and when product prices rise rapidly, part of the production shutdown is quick to resume, and the price base is prone to unexpected repairs, which generally show that “product prices are volatile and profit elasticity contributes significantly.” Vitamin d3 is usually produced with cholesterol as the starting material, extracting Nf-grade cholesterol (purity at 95%) through wool resin.
Biogens are the last of China’s self-produced vitamins, with many steps, long reaction times, more than production of wool cholesterol, and the main raw material for the production of vitamin d3. Nf class cholesterol extraction techniques have long cycles and low rates of collection. The cyclic acid is a 60% share of the total raw material cost of biomass production, and production is 60%.
The world’s leading producers and sellers are Japan’s precision, Singapore’s Enkai, and India’s Diedman’s three companies, with fewer. In 2018, Tethman filed a patent infringement against An Quetaig, promising to become a division of industry patterns.
3. Ecliptic acid: Large multi-tonne, company technology outpaced new expectations Complex production processes, cost of continuous drilling Ecliptic production processes
Low product extraction rate, low seed efficiency, only one, Korea fermentation method, Noweiss, friends and friends.
Cyanol. Solid liquids can be produced. New peace, Andy Sue.
Chemical combinations, Andy Sue and others can only produce solid pygmy ammonium, no.
The production of liquid pine amino acid, which can produce 2 million tons of it on the overall scale, is sold at around $20,000 per ton at the bottom of history, with a market space of up to 40 billion tons.
By the same time, there is room for industry to continue to increase penetration at a rate of 4-7% per year. Corporate capacity planning also ranges from 5 to 1-15 million tons, eventually reaching 300,000 tons, yielding 6 billion dollars.
At the same time, we are concerned that the technology requirements for companies vary significantly from production levels to production levels. 2 million tons compared to 500,000 tons, and 10,000 acres of Shandong and the new Chang 800 acres are 10 times higher, located in China’s most rich chemical industry chain.
In the short term, as a result of the continued low levels of anti-dumping and product prices in Ningxia, Novey cancelled the expansion scheme and the supply pattern improved slightly.
The fragrances industry consists of the upstream spice industry, the midstream perfume industry, where spices are extracted or synthesized by natural extractions or chemicals, and the fragrances are a combination of spices. According to the data from Leffingwell & Associates, the global market for fragrance and spices in 2017 reached $26.3 billion, with a compound increase of about 3-4%.
The core competitiveness of the fragrance is expressed in formulas, so the availability of multiple spices and long-term experimental formulations will create barriers to competition in the industry. Domestic firms are currently lacking important spices, and there is no time to accumulate them, and foreign investment accounts for most of the market share of the industry.
The source of spices can be divided into two types: synthesizing spices, about 7,000 less, natural spices, about 500 more, and Chinese can produce less than 1,000. Thousands of synthesic spices are produced with a high degree of complexity and difficulty.
Large-scale commons: distribution of malt phenol production, Epp stock information, Asociación Indígena, public information, Pacific Securities Institute, 5. New material: promising, downstream client breakthroughs accelerated.
The company is based on the production and adaptation of high-performance resin polymers. By producing efficiently, stable, energy-efficient, environmentally friendly and professional products. By providing human life with more comfortable, greener and healthier materials, the series of polysulfur ethers has succeeded in breaking through key industrial technologies, with core patents in the United States, Japan, South Korea, etc.
The product has successfully entered mainstream market applications such as automobiles, electronics, and environmental dusting, breaking the situation that the domestic market for polysulfur ethers has been dominated by companies like the United States and Japan for many years. Polysulfur ether becomes the first special engineering plastic, with polycarbonate, polyester, polymethyldehyde, nylon, etc.
The production of polybrominated diphenyl ethers requires an integrated production line with a complex process, while the polymer reaction itself is high-temperature high-pressure reaction, which is highly testive of the engineering capabilities of the company.
Domestic firms have been unable to address the environmental impacts of solvents, catalyst recovery, and the quality problems associated with stable continuous production, which prevents domestic firms from balancing with international enterprises. New and new fatty acids are used to form fatty acids with alkaline reactions during dehydration as a new aid. Waste fluids have been significantly simplified.
New and adult pps and pa resins contribute to the construction of lighter, safer and more environmentally friendly cars - from brakes, transmission systems to halogen headlights, pneumatic tube valves, fuel pumps, racks and various connectors and sensors. New composites weigh 40-60% less than metal materials without reducing their strength, while a 10% reduction in body can save 5% of fuel. As consumer demand becomes more complex, electronic and electrical equipment must combine performance with environmental protection.
pps and pa resins, which provide high-performance performances such as degrees, resilience and long-lasting heat resistance, provide a rich solution for customers in the areas of monitors, led lighting, computers, consumer electronics, smart apparel equipment, etc. 1. Assuming that the additional production capacity of other competitors in the vitamina sector is delayed, product prices continue to experience high shocks.
2. Assuming a significant improvement in the competitive pattern of vitamine and an increase in profitability. 3. Assuming a sustained release of planned production capacity with relatively stable prices, fluctuations in the price of raw materials procurement and a significant drop in the price of products;
□ Risks of environmental protection and safe production
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.