Building an integrated chemical engineering platform to move towards a world of new and emerging goals (002001.sz) as a leader in the fine chemical industry, keeping the research and development input high for many years, and the growth of the company.
In 2019, the external environment was in a bad state, while the corporate strategy project was still taking root; the earlier intensive construction project was about to enter the landing period. Diversity of the product mix with growth dynamics, and we look forward to the company's growth. We predict that the company will be able to develop dynamic energy in 2020-2022.
• Improved supply of and demand patterns for nutrition, where companies will take full advantage of market opportunities and harness the combined effects of nutrients The marginal effects of the African pigpest disease will diminish with the gradual increase in the supply of pork; vitamins/nutrients are expected to be facilitated by raw pig supplementation. Global capacity in 2019 amounted to approximately 34.3 million tons, new and emerging.
The city accounts for 23.3 per cent, the world's largest producer, and the supply and demand patterns of the va remain stable and stable; dsm integrates special technologies, and the industry transitions from a pattern of excess production to a balance between supply and demand, industry pricing patterns reshape, and the producers are expected to achieve price increases in anticipation of a concentration of overall supply and a tightening of preferences.
In the context of the continued improvement in supply and demand patterns, companies will be able to harness the effects of the nutrient market connection to become a global mass of integrated nutrients.
The market for spices and new materials is promising, the potential for corporate growth will be released, the market for spices will be demand-rich, the global market for spices will remain at 3.3% and the Chinese market will grow at 6.4%, respectively, and the future market for spices will be an opportunity for development.
The first market share in the world and the second in the lemon formaldehyde series. We look forward to the company’s future, which is expected to accelerate the pace of transformation and upgrading in the fragrance sector, creating the country’s largest and world-class producer of spices. At the same time, the new materials industry is accelerating into the long term, and the new materials products are promising.
In the future, companies will continue to optimize their processes, expand their overseas markets, and create yet another important industry with new materials.
The industrial and scientific masters of Zhejiang are moving toward a new peace goal in the world. The headquarters of the Zhejiang new and limited public department (hereinafter referred to as “new Sino” or “companies”) are located in Shinchang County, Shaochen City, Zhejiang Province, and were created in 1999 and marketed in late 2004, as the new Sino Consumption Group Ltd. (established in 1989 and formerly new).
After more than 30 years of development and sedimentation, Shinzu started a small school factory with a loan of $100,000 from seven mountain teachers and students to recover industrial alcohol from the waste of the chemical industry, which has grown into a large national fragrance producer, World IV.
One of the big vitamin-producing companies, China’s top technology industry, and China’s pharmaceutical industry are 100%. The company has now become a leader in fine chemical industries and disciplines, and a national standard-setter.
The main products are nutrients (Vitamins, amino acids), fragrances (aromatics, lemon formaldehyde), raw materials and pharmaceutical intermediates (artemisine, ketone acids), special materials (pps, pa). Since it was listed, more than half of the public sector ' s products are exported annually, with 60% of the total exports to Europe and the United States being exported, and more than 60% of the total exports to Europe and America.
About 80% of them are sold directly, and 20% are sold through distributors. Today, companies compete with the world’s 500 largest companies to provide solutions to customers in more than 100 countries and regions around the world in areas such as animal nutrition, human nutrition, medicine, health, environmental protection, engineering plastics, etc., and are highly trusted and recognized by internationally recognized pharmaceutical and cosmetic companies.
Working to bring together experts from the fine chemical industry around the world, continuously exploring forward-looking applications such as chemistry, biology, new materials, and actively reaching out to domestic and international clients, moving towards a new world goal than the front-line international chemical giants. Figure 1: New and emerging: four production bases, four business plates, and a full range of products
Over the course of more than 30 years of development, the company has continued to focus on the field of fine chemistry and has always promoted “business as a school, employees as students” as a teacher's culture, building “business as a subject, market demand as a cross-cutting product”.
Convergence of technological innovation supports systems, adherence to the concept of “technology-driven, innovation-driven, balanced and sustainable development”, establishment of “contributors-based” remuneration mechanisms, deployment of “integrated, serialized and resource-sharing” (1) “business as a school, employees as students” and staff-business development.
Teacher Hobashi, who led a loan from six teachers and students to set up a new and new factory in Shinchang County, the founder and chief of the company that was developed by the school factory, is still a teacher.