New and new vitamins are up, and sophisticated chemicals are growing up, and the company is a country's cutting-edge chemical industry. Looking forward to the city, the vitamins are better, and, on the other hand, the male, the male.
The country’s cutting-edge chemical industry leads: the company’s current operations cover nutrients (vitamins, egg amino acid, etc.), higher barriers to production from a profit-making point of view, with a multi-year Māori rate and roe level at the top three in the industry. On the other hand, since listing, the company has accumulated more than $6 billion (excluding 2019).
In the medium and long term, in terms of demand, vitamin a/e goes down more than two-thirds in the feed sector.
As the pigpest passed, the feed demand ring was warming. From a supply point of view, in 2019 a new company was formed by Tethman and Entet Technologies, which reduced the number of vitamin-e suppliers from six to five globally, increased industry concentration and improved supply patterns. The company currently has 20,000 tons of vitamin-e production capacity.
Biosa produces 10,000 tons of capacity, achieves self-sufficiency in key intermediates, e.g., lemon formaldehyde, and, with Shandong base, production capacity will gradually be released, product competitiveness will continue to improve, and the industry will benefit fully. Breaking through a number of high-barrier products, and cutting-edge chemicals will continue to grow: over the years, with the industrial chain and so on.
In 2018, the company started building new projects, including 250,000 tons of amino acid, fermentation of the Black Dragon River organisms, and Shandong nutrients.
At the market price of 29 May 2020, performance would be based on the expectation that the size of the company ' s revenue would rise again.
New projects such as Ecliptic and Heilongjiang are coming into operation later than expected. Downstream demand is significantly lower than expected.
In June 2004, Zhejiang Shin and Cheng, the first company to be listed on the market at the mid-point meeting. The company is mainly involved in the production and marketing of nutrients, fragrances, fresh high-molecular materials and raw materials.
Products such as shrimp erythrin, egg amino acid; fragrances consisting mainly of methyl ester dihydromamine, lemon formaldehyde, alanol series, yolkol, raspberry ketone series; new materials including polybenzo-sulfide (pps) and high-temperature nylon (ppa); raw materials, mainly sodium peroxide, Moxia hydrochloride, developed from single intermediate suppliers into globally renowned precision industries in 1988 after many years of technological accumulation and market competition.
In 1997, the company successfully developed intermediates such as ethylenedioxymethyl fork, trimethylhydrazine, and isoplantol, which created a complete chain of vitamina and vitamine industries. In 1998-2008, the company entered its second stage of development, with the construction of the company’s new Chang base in 1999; and in 2003 the construction of the Shandong base in Wanpingmi began. The company formed three bases, with products covering vitamins, spices, and so on.
Corporate development has entered a new phase since then. In 2012, the company entered the field of new materials, and in 2015, a joint venture was set up with Tesman to develop polysulfur ethers (pps). In 2017, the company raised $4.9 billion in private and officially entered the ecstasy industry. In 2018, the company's Heilong River base was launched, laying the foundation for the development of biological fermentation.
From the layout of the four main bases, the company’s current production of vitamins and some of the raw materials will be carried out in the future.
The sector’s main fragrant spices, the operation of pine amino acids, the business of maintaining strong nutrients in the future, and the business of maintaining fragrances are steadily developing. The Heilongjiang Bio-eating Garden phase is in the pilot phase and is now well under way and is expected to be officially operational in the second half of 2020.
The company ' s equity structure is relatively stable, with the actual controlling persons being Hoopayan, Hobang Brothers, direct shareholders in the company being New and Incorporated, Ltd., with a shareholding ratio of 48.55 per cent, of which Hobashi holds 41.75 per cent of the shares in the New and Incorporated Group Limited.The company has 11 wholly owned subsidiaries, one holding company (New and Incorporated), two affiliated companies (Saya Chemical Materials, Share in Shares)
For example, 49 per cent; Tesman Shining, with a 40 per cent share. New and biochemicals are involved in the production of feed additives such as vitamina palm acid, beta-carriage, shrimp lining; new and adult vitamins are mainly involved in the production and development of vitamina, vitamine, vitamind3 and other food additives; and the Lidu industry is responsible for the export and import trade of corporate products and other goods and premises.
Production development; new and adult biosciences for research into biosciences, production and marketing of refined maize-based processed products (food additives, gas additives, raw materials, etc.), corn starch and by-products, single feed, organic fertilizers, ammonium sulfate, etc.; staple products of new and ammonium ammonium ammonium ammonium ammonium ammonium ammonium, etc.; new and special materials for research and development of special synthetic materials and fibre-grade polysulphides, etc.
Production of polysulfur ethers and composite polysulfur ethers; the new and manufactured industries are mainly involved in the production and marketing of products such as pharmaceuticals, health products, pharmaceutical raw materials, spices, food additives, feed additives, etc.
In May 2019, the company ' s second employee holding plan accumulated 11,86.51 million shares in the company ' s stockholding plan, with a paid-in value of $202 million and an average value of approximately $16.98 per share. The second employee holding plan completes the purchase of shares.
The price of vitamin products is volatile, but the overall competitive advantage of the company has been rising over the years. In 2011 - 2011, the compound rate of growth in corporate income was 9.07%, and the compound rate of increase in net profit attributable to the mother was 8.08%. Business income in 2019 was $7,621 million, a decline of 12.23%, and net profit attributable to the mother was $2,169 million, a decline of 29.56%. Business income of 2020q1 was $26.20 billion, an increase of 42.68 per cent;
The nutrient plate contributes mainly to sales income and profits. The company’s main business is divided into three main sectors, including nutrients, fragrances and other major businesses. The three major plates accounted for 61.77 per cent, 23.53 per cent and 14.70 per cent, respectively, in 2019; the gross profit contribution increased by 2.19 percentage points, respectively. The company’s profitability has remained high over the years.
The company has a scientific and sound assessment mechanism for management and a synergistic position with the technology platform, which has resulted in lower cost rates, including 1.64 per cent, 6.69 per cent and 1.37 per cent for sales, management and financial costs in the first quarter of 2020.
The firm built fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets in 2018.
Figure 16. Corporate construction work in progress In 2018, the capital expenditure of the company amounted to $4,915 million, of which 1,467 million was added to the Heilongjiang Industrial Park project, 1,177 million to the Shandong Industrial Park project, 236 million to the Heilongjiang New Wu project and 111 million to the Protein Acid Project.
It should be noted that in March 2018, the company announced that it would invest $3.6 billion in the construction of a biological fermentation project in the Heilong River Zhenization. Unlike previous projects, the Heilong River biological fermentation project achieved the company's organic integration of “bio fermentation” with “chemical synthesis”. After the company's initial estimate, after the project's success, the operating income is about $2 billion, the tax is about $708 million, and the project's recovery period (after taxes).
It is expected that the rate of return (after taxes) will be about 14.03% within the project in 7.80 years.
Vitamins: Improved supply patterns, improved industrial chains, significant advantages; steady growth in downstream demand for vitamins, improved industry patterns Vitamins, whose main function is to participate in the metabolism of the organism with enzymes, is an indispensable nutrient in humans and animals.
There are dozens of vitamins, which can be broadly classified as lipid solubility and water solubility, of which lipid soluble vitamins include va, vd, vk, etc.; water soluble vitamins include b and vc, vh, etc. The downstream application of vitamins is dominated by feed. According to Boa and telecommunication data, there are currently fewer vitamins except vitamins b12, b1, vitamin c, etc.
Global feed production has been relatively stable in recent years. According to the Global Animal Nutrition Corporation, Otsch, even in 2019, it was plagued by African pigs.
The impact, as well as the decline in raw pig feed in the Asia-Pacific region, is that global feed production was 1,127 million tons, a decrease of 1.07 per cent compared to the previous year, with a relatively high share of domestic vitamin exports. In 2018, our vitamin production increased by 5.03 per cent compared to the previous year, resulting from increases in vitamine and aminoamide production; in 2019, according to Boa and Toyo, we produced 34.90 million tons of vitamin production, an increase of 4.49 per cent compared to the previous year.
Total exports amounted to 252,000 tons, an increase of 4.13 per cent, or 75.45 per cent, of total domestic production; total exports of vitamins are projected at 269,000 tons in 2019, an increase of 6.75 per cent, or 77.08 per cent, of total domestic production.
Vitamins a: good demand ring, significant advantage for self-supply intermediates Vitamina is a visual intracellular sensor that prevents night blindness and loss of vision, promotes growth, etc., mainly for feeding.
At present, the world’s leading producers of vitamina are Bassov, Tesman, Andesu, Shinsengaz, Kindaway and Zhejiang medicine. Vitamina supply: oligopoly, Europe’s higher share.
The Vitamina industry provides a monopoly. According to statistics, in 2019, the global production capacity of vitamina was about 36,000 tons (converted to 500,000 ii, below the same level), yielding about 23,700 tons. Because of the high technical barriers to vitamina, only six manufacturers are producing globally, with higher industrial concentration.
In 2019, domestic production of vitamina is projected at 9,700 tons, exports at 5,500 tons, an increase of 1,200 tons from 2018 and domestic consumption at 4,600 tons.
Figure 26. Global Vitamina yields per continent, based on the current industrial synthesis of Vitamina, mainly the roche, basf, and Zhejiang pharmaceutical-improved basf processes. Both roche and batf combine processes are based on beta-violetone, and the roche synthesis process is more sophisticated, but with a longer synthetic route.
The drug is to optimize the basf process to avoid the use of higher-priced triphenyl phosphorus, with better product separation. Figure 27. Comparison of the three different vitamina synthesis processes
Roche responded in format with a more mature and stable harvest rate, with up to 40 types of raw aids used in the formation of the reaction intermediates, and a relatively clear configuration of the composite c14+c6 route, without having to use a very specific raw material, a longer synthetic route, a larger investment in higher techniques such as Tesman, New Union, Kimdawei, cryogenic and waterless.
Basf has a low-witting response, a short process route, a high rate of harvest, a high price for triphenyl-plusium, Bassov, Andersu.
The characteristic c15+c5 synthetic route requires the use of highly toxic light gas in the restoration process.
C15+c5 synthetic products that are reacting to characteristics have a good pristine effect and a higher rate of harvest of the output; avoid raw materials that are not readily available and react more complexly; Zhejiang medicine free of triphenylazine and highly toxic light.
Lemon formaldehyde is the key intermediate for synthetic vitamina, which has a greater impact on the price of vitamina. Simplified vitamina production processes, the roche route and the basf route are all followed up by a β-violetone, which is made through lemon ale.
The supply of lemon formaldehyde has a direct impact on the price of vitamina. For example, in the first half of 2016, a reduction in the production of citrus by Bassov led to an insufficient supply of raw materials, leading to a sharp increase in the price of vitamina in that year; and in the second half of 2017, the Basque Lemon Aldehyde plant experienced force majeure, which again led to a strain on the industry’s supply.
Figure 28. Vitamina industrial chain, new and achieved lemon formaldehyde self-sufficiency: the company now has a lemon formaldehyde capacity of 8,000 tons/year, which allows for self-contribution of lemonde with vat material, which not only reduces costs, but also mitigates the impact of fluctuations in the raw material supply market on company va production.
Figure 31. Global Lemon Aldehyde Subcontinental Capacity Ratio, Figure 30. Global Lemon Aldehyde Sub-Community Production Ratio, vitamina Demand: Better Domestic Feeding Current Ring Ratio
According to the China Industrial Information Network, vitamina is mainly downstream in the area of feed, accounting for nearly 84 per cent of the total. In 2019, total national feed production was 22,88541 million tons, a decrease of 3.69 per cent. By species, 84,648 million tons of meat feed, an increase of 20.97 per cent, or 36.99 per cent;
Figure 33.2019 Classification of our feed, Figure 34. Growing production of poultry feed, Figure 35. Decline of pig feed production
African pigpest has a greater impact on the stock of live pigs, which is now better than the ring. As a result of the African pigpest, the stock of live and magnified pigs continues to decline, affecting upstream feed demand to some extent. But, according to the most recent data, the ring ratio has improved. According to the National Statistical Office, as of March 2020, there could be 21.4 million hogs, 19.10 per cent lower and 2.80 per cent higher; as of March 2020.
In November 2019, the number of live pigs in the country was 194.57 million, a decline of 39.77 per cent from the previous year and an increase of 2.00 per cent in the ring.
From the global supply chain point of view, the global supply gap was largely offset by an increase in exports from domestic firms in 2019, as a result, inter alia, of the phase-out of plant production in Basv Germany. Our exports of vitamina in 2019 were 4,347.57 tons, an increase of 39.51%, with Germany and the United States accounting for 24% and 21%.
Figure 38. Vitamina exports are growing faster
Historically, the price of vitamina remained low and volatile from 2008 to 2015. In 2016, as a result of the repair of the Basf lemon aldehyde device and the shutdown of the Tesman line, the price of vitamina rose sharply, at one point to $320/kg, followed by a gradual recovery of the supply end, with prices falling slowly to $123.5/kg in June 2017.
The price of vitamina has risen all the way to $1,425/kg, as the price of vitamina has been adjusted to $247.50/kg, as the price of vitamina has been rebooted in Bassov. As the city looks ahead, recent increases in vitamina prices have been strong, owing mainly to the spread of the epidemic abroad and the fear of the production capacity of European producers.
In the medium-to-long term, as the feed demand ring is better, the industry is better, with high barriers to the production of vitamina and upstream raw materials and few new entrants to the industry for many years. The production process of new and integrated domestic vitamina-producing enterprises, represented by medicine from Zhejiang, has continued to rise, with their share in the global market rising year by year.
Vitamine: The supply pattern is good. Vitamine is divided mainly into natural vitamine and synthetic vitamine. Vitamine is progeny, prognostic, and hemorrhoids.
Vitamine is mainly downstream in the area of feed, accounting for nearly 66%, while 29% is used in the pharmaceutical industry. According to Otsch, benefits are derived from increases in cosmetics (more than 7% compound growth rate) and dietary supplements (more than 4% compound increase rate), with vitamins for 2016-2024.
Vitamine is produced mainly through a combination of trimethylhydrazine and isoplantol. At present, the main plants with vitamine production capacity worldwide are Bassev, Tesman, Zhejiang medicine, new and Seng, technology, North Sands. According to Boa and Tse, global vitamine production capacity in 2019 was about 130,000 tons (in vitamine oils, the same amount), and global demand is about 74 million tons, of which China needs domestic demand.
The two intermediates of the industrial synthesis of vitamine are 2.3.5-trimethylhydrazine and isoplantol. The traditional synthetic routes of 2,3,5-trimethylhydrazepine are formalphenol, basulde and ammonium oxide.
Plant ethanol is based on basic chemical products such as acetone, acetylene, and is eventually synthesized through intermediates such as methylgoxone, aromatic ol. Anti-dumping prices or increases in intermedial alpha-phenol: China's Ministry of Commerce issued an announcement stating that an anti-dumping investigation into imports originating in the United States, the European Union, and Japan has been initiated since 29 July 2019.
In 2018, the country imported 4,879 tons and 6,641 tons of alpha-phenol, representing 40% and 48% of the demand, respectively. The cost of production of vitamine on the meth route would be raised if the price of PCP increased.
Tesman's acquisition of technology and the improved supply pattern of the vitamine industry. Because of the high technical barriers to vitamine, the concentration of industry is high, the main producers are Tesman, Zhejiang medicine, Bassov, etc. New entrants in the industry are able to use the technology to replace methylphenol with the cheaper trimethylhydrazine, while signing with Amryris an exclusive purchase of Frenchene.
In January 2019, Tesman signed a cooperation agreement between Testitech and Testitech to create a new company, with Tesman directly holding 75% of the shares of the new company. In August 2019, Tesman signed the Equity Purchase Agreement with Estitech.
Figure 46. Global distribution of vitamine capacity (vitamin-e oils) Figure 47. Global Vitamin-e sub-business capacity ratio Figure 48. Global Vitamin-e sub-continental capacity ratio
The vitamine industry, after many years of consolidation, has formed a pattern of major suppliers such as Tesman, Bassov, Shining and Zhejiang medicine. With the continuous expansion of many businesses and new entrants such as Jilin North Sha and Fujian Hein, the sector’s capacity has expanded, and the price of vitamine has declined.
Vitamine prices have been rising in the recent past, as the epidemic has affected it. New and now 20,000 tons of vitamine are available, with the use of the pyroquine route, key intermediates of helogenol, trimethylhydrazine, etc.
The new 20,000-ton production capacity at Shandong Base has been in operation since the end of 2019, allowing for the integration of raw materials, intermediates, continuity and automation of production, with the prospect of further reductions in the cost of subsequent production and a gradual increase in competitive advantage.
EPPA: Anti-dumping optimized industry competition patterns, where the chemical name of the chemical pneumonic acid, which is a huge alternative to import, is one of the basic units that make up the protein and is the only amino acid containing sulphur in the required amino acid. EPP is the first restriction on amino acid for poultry, medium- and high-yielding cows, and fish, and is generally the second restriction on amino acid for pigs (Note:
The first restriction on amino acid refers to the category of amino acid that is most lacking in the limitation of amino acids. Protein is involved in the transfer of methyl in animals and in the synthesis of phosphorus metabolite and adrenaline, choline and magnesium, as well as in synthetic proteins and gavage, which are the necessary trace substances and nutrients for animals.
Leather meat and the effect of shortening the feeding cycle are of high economic value. According to the Andy Sues report, the main barriers to entry to the ecstasy sector include high-tech know-how, increasingly stringent regulatory licences and authorizations, national and regional environmental and health safety regulations, access to key intermediate raw materials, and the need to upgrade the production capacity of ecstasy.
Large capital investment. Based on industry experience, the construction of a new world-class chemically-combined plant for the production of pygmy amino acid will require a huge initial capital investment, and will take at least four years for licensing, planning and construction.
The method of production of ecstasy is divided into two major categories: fermentation and chemical methods. As fermentation is highly polluting and inefficient, it is not widely used. Korea's Shiger is currently the only company using fermentation to produce ecstasy, and other major producers use chemical synthesis methods. Chemical methods are divided into cyanol, Heinfa, and y-butyl esters.
Solid condensate, short for solid eggs, and dl-hmtba (i.e. liquid amino acid, short for liquid eggs), whereas Heinol can only produce solid body amino acid.
Demand-side: Growth is stable, domestic dependence on imports, and adding protein acid to feed will be important initiatives to improve meat and reduce costs. Globally, consumer incomes and living standards are improving, food security is receiving greater attention, limited resources and the cost of feed is increasing.
Deepening demands on efficiency, cost, safety, size of meat and egg milk production are becoming more pressing, and the demand for more modern composites is expected to grow, eventually leading to a growing demand for ecstasy. In terms of cost effectiveness, for example, chicken breeding, using feed with amino acid is estimated to cost 23% more than ordinary feed.
Using the added amino acid feed coupled with technical guidance would save 28% of the cost. Andersu's measurements are roughly the same, assuming that 0.2% of the egg amino is added to the feed at a cost of 1-3% per unit weight, provided that the intake of the nutrient content is consistent, but the production cost is about 0.23 Euro per kilogram of finished chicken, which is about 23% of the total production cost, i.e., the cost of the egg amino acid.
Economic applications are supported by poultry, pigs, and cattle. Because poultry cannot naturally synthesize protein, it has to be taken through diet, so it becomes an essential additive in poultry feed, and demand is rigid. According to Boa and Tsi, the largest consumption of protein acid applications is concentrated.
The market is poultry feed, with more than 60% of global consumption of pygmony amino, and the growth in poultry meat consumption forms the basis for the growth of the operations. Against the backdrop of world population growth, global consumption of meat of all kinds has remained at around 2%, with the fastest growth in poultry meat consumption, at around 3%.
Figure 52. Comparison of the cost of adding pythonate to poultry feed Figure 53. Comparison of the cost of adding pythonate to ordinary feed Figure 54.
Figure 55. Analysis of factors contributing to the growth in demand for composite feed: the annual increase in demand for ecstasy is around 5%. Global demand for ecstasy was estimated at 13.64 million tons in 2018, an increase of 6.52% over the same period, and continued to grow steadily. Of these, China has become the world’s largest consumer of ecstasy, with consumption of about 27.5 million tons in the same year.
According to Andy Sue, global demand for ammonium is growing at a rate of 5-6% per year, without taking into account the impact of new coronary pneumonia. Market demand is likely to increase even more as a result of the Chinese/Asian African pigpest.
Figure 56. Steady growth in global demand for ecstasy Figure 57. Demand for ecstasy sub-areas Figure 58. Reasons for future sustained growth in demand for ecstasy
Thechallenge-meetingthegrovedthegrowing populationforhealthyandsaffood source: evonikhn-mcalculationsbasseduponfao 2006, fao 2007, fao2009, oecd2009, kpmg (china) our imports are high and our import replacement space is high. Due to the high technical barriers to ecstasy, our enterprises were only in 2010
A formal test production of ecstasy was achieved later. As a result, the import of ecstasy was more dependent. Imports of ecstasy amounted to 16,89 million tons in 2018, with an import dependency of 61.42 per cent. Imports of ecstasy amounted to 220,000 tons in 2019. This was mainly due to the opening of an anti-dumping investigation by the Department of Commerce into imports of methyl sulphate originating in Singapore, Japan and Malaysia, and the full use of the “buffer period” for large quantities of imports by importing firms.
With the rapid development of domestic farming, our demand for ecstasy has increased, and domestic companies producing ecstasy have actively increased their capacity to compete internationally and gradually replace imports from abroad.
At the end of the supply: high concentration of production capacity, and the oligopolistic pattern of the start-up of the industry’s energy competition. The pattern of the global market for ecstasy is still the same. As of 2019, the world’s supply of ecstasy was controlled by a small number of companies from Germany, France, the United States, and Japan.
Acid producers win, Andy Sue, Norwiss, and friends produce about 88% of the world’s protein. With rapid market growth, technological advances, China’s new entrants are starting to emerge, and after Ningxia’s purple light, the newcomers are finally starting to grow.
The expansion of capacity is continuing and will peak in 2021. Growing demand for products in the oscillant sector is gaining ground. The current build-up cycle is expected to be over by 2021.
As global producers expand their production capacity, global prices fell to record lows in 2005, and small and medium-sized suppliers stopped producing and withdrew from the market. In 2009, prices rebounded as a result of France’s strikes, among other things.
By 2014, events such as the suspension of production in Ningxia, the loss of production in United States factories, and the failure of new production in the industry to place on the market as planned had been concentrated, starting in the third quarter of 2014 and continuing into the first half of 2015, the price of amino acid was innovatively high, at a time close to a record 120 yuan/kg.