2023 Quick Report on Performance: Meeting expectations, ai commercialization on the margins of Lee Kang Bridge
Keywords: #new products, new technologies, new clients  high growth in two-subscription income, i.e. commercialization at the margin of 2024. 1) c-subscription: 2,653 million (yoy + 29.42%) in 2023 c-subscription revenue, which is in line with the prognosis
End growth will continue at a high rate. ( Ring +16.47 per cent). Wps 365 has been fully clouded for the reporting period, with products and services sustaining a high rate of growth in subscription income, expected to continue at a high rate in 2024.
Kim Shan Office (688111), Tracking Point Reviews, Marginals believe that it is expected to resume gradually from 2024, leading to marginality of operations.
A review: After a slow pace of credit creation and an increase of q2 million in reductive income, we judge that the decline in advertising revenue was accompanied by rapid growth in overseas operations. In 2024, the company expected zero revenue from advertising, and we expect high growth in overseas operations.
Concerns about Microsoft copilot entering China: the wps ceiling is not affected. 1) Not for the first time, China has been expected. Microsoft has been in operation for centuries in China for many years in an interconnected version, and an international version of m365 is being sold to customers who need to go to sea.
Markets were worried at the beginning of the first half of the year, at the time Bill Gates visited China in mid-year, and were expected to be adequate, although in the current market environment the negative impact on events was somewhat over-magnified.) The main focus of the current market is on the pace of realization of the i industry, not the i-market pattern.
The bottom line is that the market is concerned about whether or not ai will be used globally and can see significant gains in performance, so the market is now very concerned about sales after Microsoft officially started promoting copilot in November. Before some investors are concerned about whether or not ai is a “false demand”
To mention it, it is also worrying that Microsoft's share of wps in the country with its good ai function is in itself 3) wps has a low overlap with the potential domestic population of Microsoft copilot. Microsoft copilot is only expected to land in the international version of m365 (less than 20% in Microsoft China for the 2023 fiscal year), the century's Internet version.
Ends and ends are not planned. Microsoft International version m365 is aimed primarily at offshore demand firms, such as mnc (transnational companies), Chinese enterprises with overseas layouts, cross-border small and medium-sized enterprises, wps are basically part of the party business, the company and a large number of cs.
According to industry research, Microsoft does not target large Chinese regional models, optimizes compliance, and has difficult cross-border data compliance issues.
Large, the reasoning level of 4090 can be supported, the resources are overstretched, the wpsai product is still fast-paced at one to two times a week, and the computing level is not worrying.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company’s performance in 2023 is up to expectations, and we are home and abroad.
Three major financial forecasting tables for the office in Kim Shan have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) to qualify for portfolio investment consultancy.