Annual Report Review 2023: Rapid growth in subscriptions, commercial potential of wpsai Increase by three times the size of the revenue collection in five years and rapid growth in subscription income.
In terms of income structure, (1) the number of monthly active equipment for the company’s main product is 598 million (+4.36%), of which 265 million (+9.50%) for the wpsoffice pc version of the monthly active equipment.
35.49 million (+18.43 per cent). (2) Domestic institutional subscriptions and service operations generated $957 million (+38.36 per cent). During the reporting period, the newly upgraded office productivity platform, wps 365, provided content creation, office collaboration, open ecology and digital asset management capabilities, inter alia.
In the area of publicly owned cloud services, there is a continuous increase in the active size of the company’s users and in the consistency of payments. In the area of publicly owned cloud services, there is a rapid increase in income, with the number of paying enterprises increasing by 83%.
Based on the overall capacity and experience of wpsai products overseas, the increased frequency of user use and branding of the resonance of Zou Yu, which provides a solid foundation for the development of new growth points for long-term commercialization.
Nearly 80%, and a steady and rapid growth trend. We believe that the company has been completely upgraded during the reporting period in terms of its membership structure, constantly increasing its personal user fee conversion and billing, and driving its own office in the country, Lu Jung-won.
Services subscriptions are growing steadily; at the same time, political and business enterprises are pushing hard for the development of subscriptions to achieve better results. Future subscriptions are expected to contribute to overall corporate growth on a continuous basis.
At the profit end, the company realized a net return profit of 1.318 billion yuan (+17.92%), while profitability and revenue kept pace with rapid growth and sound operations.
.32 per cent, with the highest collection rate; adjustment of fund management strategies resulting in a larger increase in interest income and a positive gain in financial costs. The total number of research and development personnel was 3,087 or about 68 per cent of the total workforce.
The strategy of tolerance, collaboration, ai, sustained collaboration and pro-ai research and development, and the continuous enhancement of product competitiveness through technological innovation, product overlaps and performance enhancement initiatives, further entrenching corporate barriers to competition and bringing new-quality productivity to the ground in office.
The demonstration effect of office365copilot is clear, and the wpsai has a commercial depth of scale, and in recent years the company has been increasing its investment in the development of the ai that enhances the accuracy of user intent recognition, word-smart layout, ai-writing formula, ai-condition format, table copilot, etc., guaranteeing wps
The application efficiency of the ai has gradually accumulated full-chain experience from data production to model application to engineering landings, continuously improving the productization of wpsai, continuously optimizing output effects and cost depletion. wpsai is positioned as a large language model application, anchoring aigc (content creation),
The company’s wps ai development project was officially launched in the first quarter of 23 years, and, with an efficient R & D system, the company quickly completed its orientation, using the power of the i re-engineering product to start the i-productization process of the core component.
In January this year, Microsoft announced a 20-dollar monthly roll-out for the advanced subscription service of copilotpro, an artificial intelligence assistant, a personal user of copilot.
Earlier, Microsoft announced that it was gradually opening up to more regions, now covering more than 200 countries and regions worldwide. Prior to that, Microsoft was charging $30 per user per month for the sale of similar products to large enterprises, the minimum 300 subscription requirements for business services would now be eliminated, and the threshold for universal access would be further reduced.
Low. We believe that the demonstration effect of Microsoft office 365 Copilo is clear, and the company’s wpsai product series has the potential to scale commercial applications.
Given the impact of the upgrading of the company’s membership and the innovation of the ai, or the increase in the price of the guest and customer stickyness, the following assumptions are made:
1) Domestic subscriptions to office services: in April 2023, the company made a restructuring of its membership system, with some of its paying members upgraded to super-members or super-member pros. These members are paid monthly, quarterly or annual. Wpsai ' s share is increased or is expected to increase the unit price from 2024. 2) Domestic institutional subscriptions and services are forecast to be 24-25. 2): companies have significantly developed subscriptions at the political level and have accumulated more than 17,000 top-level clients, such as Yunnan, Zhejiang, Shandong.
In December 2023, local party clients, as well as clients who have come forward, China Xinjiang, Huaxia Bank, Xiamen Bank, Kuenjiang, Hubei Weiang Brigade, Guangdong Airport, Jili, Tarkung, Oks, etc.) Internet advertising promotion and other operations: companies gradually contracted and officially shut down domestic third-party commercial advertising in December 2023. Based on the full name of wpsai, the team has deeper industrial resources in the fields of advanced manufacturing, civil-military integration, new energy sources, new materials, etc., and is good at research and resource integration from top down industrial chains, and is committed to the transformation and upgrading of Chinese manufacturing.
This report has been prepared by China Air Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended to be sent or for any dispatch, release, release, etc.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the public or resident in any area, country or other area under its jurisdiction in which it is available or used to make SAC and its associated companies in violation of local laws or regulations or to subject the SAC securities to its laws or regulations. The copyright of the material in this report is a SAC security unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.