Overperforms the year with slightly higher than expected median performance, focusing on "office +ai" business progress. Both the revenue and the net return profit were in the middle of the previous forecast, and the net profit after deduction was close to the previous forecast.
The impact of corporate-mandated operations (intelligent business) and Internet advertising has been offset by a double increase in revenue, contributing to the continued growth of corporate performance as a whole: 1. Personal office subscriptions have been raised
A flexible membership system for enrichment, continuous upgrading of individual user fees and unit prices, subscriptions to business segments, effective upgrading of the intellectual experience of government and business clients in the light of the trend towards a two-way optimization of products and services, yielding revenues of about 957 million yuan over the reporting period, an increase of about 38.36 per cent over the same period; and 3.
Impact of the restructuring of the IT industry, with domestic agencies authorizing operations to achieve revenues of about $655 million, a decrease of about 21.60 per cent compared to the corresponding period; 4. Companies voluntarily contracted and subsequently shut down domestic advertising, while overseas industries continued to grow, and Internet advertising promotion services and other operations achieved revenue coverage during the reporting period
The amount of $288 million represents a decrease of about 6.05 per cent over the same period. We believe that, with the continued dynamism of subscriptions and the steady growth of credit start-ups, there is sufficient momentum for future growth in corporate revenue.
In 2023, the company continued to invest in a related area, increasing its competitiveness, and the wpsai was officially launched in four quarters, anchoring aigc content creation, copilot intellectual assistants, insight knowledge on three strategic directions.
A full view of the microsoft365copilot. The wps text, demos, tables, pdf, gold mountain files, etc. product lines have been accessed to solve the user’s day-to-day office problems in terms of content generation, content understanding, command operations, work efficiency enhancement, and further enabling intelligent office new scenes for users.
Institutional investors as a share of the share in the circulation of a share start a new experience of intelligent office. We believe that the future pattern of wps+gpt is expected to open up a new growth space, and that a simpler and intelligent office model will lead to an expansion of the user community, while a gpt smart office.
The public is expected to attract free users to speed up their conversion fees, pay penetration rates and arpu are expected to increase in both directions. Similarly, full-time product lines +gpt will have the potential to generate more new products, and a Microsoft-type businesschat-like office assistant for the ai will be one of the new product options for the company’s potential future layout.
The company will further increase its investment in the ai area, introduce more innovative ai capabilities, continuously expand the application of the ai technology, and accelerate the commercialization process to give new impetus to the growth of corporate performance. Microsoft gpt enabling office will bring about a completely new change in office space, and the future wps+ai is expected to open up new space:
The microsof365copilot connects the entire product line to gpt, opening a new cycle of office revolutions that shock the world. As one of the main carriers of user-generated content, the iTechnology Revolution has the potential to accelerate changes in office software from "efficiency tools" to "production tools" and to significantly upgrade the organization.
Considering China’s current ban on foreign ai-related software, the ai revolution will open up greater commercial space for national production software. Kim Shan’s office has been following up with the others in recent years, finding technology in areas such as nlp, cv, and exploring wps, ppt script intelligence.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.