KIMshan Office (688111) Annual Report Review 2023
In 2023, the company continued to maintain a robust business stance around “many screens, clouds, content, collaboration, a total equity share (millions of shares):
The strategy, ongoing collaboration and research and development in the field of the ai, through technological innovation, product rotation, market value of performance (millions of yuan): the continuous improvement of product competitiveness through such initiatives as upgrading, further entrenching corporate barriers to competition and achieving new ones
Qualitative productivity is actually on the ground in the office sector. Companies earn $4.556 billion in operating income throughout the year, corresponding to 2,653 million yuan in subscriptions, an increase of 29.42 per cent in the same year; domestic institutions subscribership and service industries, a decrease of 21.60 per cent in the same year; and Internet advertising and other services, a gain of 288 million yuan.
Newly upgraded membership system, enabling individuals to subscribe to fast growth Personal office service subscriptions, newly upgraded membership structure of companies, through the provision of powerful super-member systems and the introduction of packages such as pdf sets of meals, clouds, etc. through a combination of atomicized entitlements
An equity package, such as a plate, which accurately covers user groups with different needs, constantly upgrades the fees paid by individual users.
The annual report reviews the rapid growth of non-profits and the active input into the large language model Office mobile version of monthly active equipment at 330 million, an increase of 0.61 per cent from the same year.
The number of private users at a cost of $35.49 million increased by 18.43 per cent from the same year.
Reporting points: fast growth in subscriptions, increasing input future 32%. Companies continuously increase their investment in ai research and development, increasing the accuracy of user-intentional recognition, word-smart layout, ai writing formula, ai condition format, form copilot, etc., and safeguarding wpsai's response
The company released the smart office application wpsai, based on a large-language model, anchoring the aigc army during the year.
Three strategic directions have been developed (content creation), copilot (intellectual assistant), insight (knowledge insight) to bring to users the results of the first landing of the ai in the field of internal office software. Wpsai completes the filing and officially opens the public survey in the fourth quarter, further empowers the new office landscape to further commercialize as a follow-up.
The company is the leading office software and service provider in the country, driven by policy and technological change, growing the future of the Division and maintaining a “buy-in” rating; operating risks; industry risks; and macro-environment risks.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.