Over the year 2023, performance grew robustly, focusing on “office +ai” commercial progress, four-quarter performance forecast medium-valued, and subscriptions remained the main force forward: q4, the company alone.
The impact of corporate mandates (intelligent business) and the restructuring of Internet advertising has been offset by a two-fold increase in corporate and individual subscription revenue, which has contributed to the continued growth of corporate performance as a whole.
The application functions are fully connected to the individual and enterprise versions. At the same time, the membership rights system is upgraded to provide a flexible membership system with a rich equity structure, constantly increasing individual user fees and billing, leading to a steady increase in subscriptions to personal office services in the country; and institutional subscriptions.
On the other hand, in response to the demand for efficiency gains, full-blown data and security control, the company has launched a one-stop smart office platform wps365. In the context of the trend towards optimized products and services, it has been possible to enhance the intellectual office experience of its clients and to promote rapid growth in the subscription and service operations of domestic institutions.
Long. We believe that, as subscriptions continue to thrive and the start-up business recovers steadily, there will be sufficient incentives for future growth in the company.
In 2023, the company continued to invest in a related area, increasing its competitiveness, and the wpsai was officially launched in four quarters, anchoring aigc content creation, copilot intellectual assistants, insight knowledge on three strategic directions.
A full-scale match of microsoft365copilots has been made to the wps text, demonstrations, tables, pdf, and other product lines such as the gold mountain files, addressing the ratio of institutional investors to the share of circulation a in terms of content generation, content understanding, command operations, etc.
We believe that the future pattern of wps+gpt is expected to open up new growth space, and that a simpler and more intelligent office model will lead to an expansion of the user community, while the gpt smart office is expected to expand.
The public is expected to attract free users to speed up their conversion fees, pay penetration rates and arpu are expected to increase in both directions. Similarly, full-time product lines +gpt will have the potential to generate more new products, and a Microsoft-type businesschat-like office assistant for the ai will be one of the new product options for the company’s potential future layout.
The company will further increase its investment in the ai area, introduce more innovative ai capabilities, continuously expand the application of the ai technology, and accelerate the commercialization process to give new impetus to the growth of corporate performance. Microsoft gpt enabling office will bring about a completely new change in office space, and the future wps+ai is expected to open up new space:
The microsof365copilot connects the entire product line to gpt, opening a new cycle of office revolutions that shock the world. As one of the main carriers of user-generated content, the iTechnology Revolution has the potential to accelerate changes in office software from "efficiency tools" to "production tools" and to significantly upgrade the organization.
Considering China’s current ban on foreign ai-related software, the ai revolution will open up greater commercial space for national production software. Kim Shan’s office has been following up with the others in recent years, finding technology in areas such as nlp, cv, and exploring wps, ppt script intelligence.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.