Two-subscription income increases and wpsai is entering the commercialization process Events: Kimsan Office released its 2023 annual report, and the company earned $4,056 million, compared to $1,262 million in net profit, an increase of 34.45 per cent; net operating cash flow achieved
C end-of-end subscription income increases and wpsai has been officially measured. In 2023, individual subscriptions in the company reached 2,653 million yuan, representing an increase of 29.42 per cent over the year. The main reason is that the company continues to optimize its household experience and upgrade its membership system, leading to the conversion of individual user fees and constant increases in bill prices.
As a result, in 2023, the company upgraded its membership equity structure, increasing individual user payments through the provision of a pro-equity super-member system, and through a combination of atomicized entitlements, introducing equity packages such as pdf, cloud, disk, etc., that accurately covered user groups with different needs.
On 31 December of that year, the number of monthly active equipment for the company’s main product was 598 million, an increase of 4.36 per cent. Of these, the monthly active equipment for the wpsofficepc version was 265 million, an increase of 9.50 per cent, and the monthly active equipment for the wpsoffice mobile version was 330 million, an increase of 0.61 per cent.
The company ' s accumulated annual fee-paying individual users amounted to 35.49 million, an increase of 18.43%. The company ' s wpsai has been filed and officially opened in q4 in 2023, and we believe that the company is not on track to open up further the growth of individual subscriptions through commercialization of wpsai.
b. High growth in end-of-end subscriptions and strategic closure of advertising. In 2023, domestic companies generated $957 million in subscriptions, an increase of 38.36 per cent over the previous year, mainly due to the benefits of efficiency gains in public and private enterprises, the increased demand for digital transformation and the tendency of companies to optimize their products and services
Under the circumstances, it is effective to upgrade the intellectual office experience of government clients and speed up the transformation of orders. The domestic machinery authorized revenue of $655 million, a decrease of 21.60 per cent over the same period, mainly because of the impact of the restructuring of the IT industry and a decrease in the number of purchase orders. By the end of 2023, the company wps365 was already in place.
Services to more than 17,000 top-level government clients, such as local government clients as Yunnan, Zhejiang, Shandong, and prominent business clients such as China-China Shin, Huaxia Bank, Xiamen Bank, with a puncture effect. On the public cloud, in 2023, the company’s publicly owned cloud service sector experienced a rapid increase in revenue and paid businesses.
In terms of ecological cooperation, in 2023, the company ' s products were certified as compatible with the 375 products of its ecological partners in 60 countries, with a cumulative total of over 400 ecological Sunda securities.
Partners are involved in completing compatibility interoperability certification for more than 1,400 products.
On the cost side, i and co-operative R & D costs increased steadily in 2023, while, by the end of 2023, the company's R & D developer
With high R & D input, the product continues to be perfect and improves the accuracy of user-intentional recognition, word-smart layout, ai-writing formula, ai-condition format, form copilot, etc., and ensures the efficiency of wpsai applications.
Increased product competitiveness and user stickyness. Profit forecasting and investment rating: a company is a leading home office software manufacturer.
Key indicators such as income access, active users, and fee-paying users are constantly increasing. At the same time, there are no, no, part of the one \triangleright, and there will be no direct or indirect relevance to the specific analysis or observations in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.