Shinji Shan Xianxian Chemical agents Heng Swe medicine (600276.sh)
On 19 November 2024, the company released its employee holding plan on 9 September 2024.
Market data: 18 November 2024, sales staff streamlined, research and development increased inputs. $6.11 billion in sales costs and sales costs for the first three quarters.
Distributiona shares/total stock (billions): New medicines are on the market for health care, and the business of innovation is growing rapidly.
In 2024, h1, the company generated $6.61 billion (+33%) in innovation, which is expected to continue to grow rapidly in three quarters. The Adberi bill has significantly increased patients’ os, the sea traippas are safe and efficient, and the two new drugs are rapidly commercialized.
Carrelie's anti-Apadeni bla was processed and is expected to be listed in the United States. Small molecules, adc, two new anti-cancer drugs are entering the advanced stage of application or listing, zh2 or \triangleright
The formulation shr2554 was admitted on the ptcl market, the shr-a1811 was accepted on her 2-positive nsclc listing, and trop2 and claudin 18.2adc entered clinical stage 3, during which a new generation of tigit multi-resistances were clinically developed and more than 10 bi/multi-specific antibodies were studied.
The sugar condensed mix is rich, and the glp-1 combination is authorized to go to sea. The sugar conglomerate company continues to push Heungle Dunjoo is already working at Nda. The company has the glp-1 combinations of hrs-7535, hrs9531, hs-4729 overseas.
The first payment and the recent sales milestones, $110 million and up to $5,725 million, respectively, demonstrate good market potential. The l-17a is on the market, and new drugs, jak1, l-5, and urat1, will be on the market.
In the field of research, new drugs are expected to be marketed, il-17af nads are listed first, and adults are declared active and straight spinal disease. Jak1 inhibitor shr0302 is known to be responsive, medium-heavy pseudomic arthritis, rheumatological arthritis, and heaviness is available in Nda, il-5.
Shr-1703, urat1 inhibitor shr4640, shr-1819il-4r alpha has entered three stages of clinical resistance, R & D and employee holding schemes have performed poorly than risks: in recent years, policies and measures for the review and regulation of new medicines have been put in place, and national standards for the review of all stages of the development of new medicines have been raised.
A series of measures promote the movement of innovative targets and thus take on higher R & D risks, as well as the risk that new drug applications for new drug research and development and new medicines entering the clinical stage will fall short of expectations, thus failing to meet the performance risks associated with the progress of research published by the Employees ' Shareholdings.
Industry policy risks: The pharmaceutical sector is heavily influenced by national policies, and industry regulation has become more stringent in recent years, with rapid and complex developments.
Advances in policies such as volume procurement, the dynamic adjustment of the catalogue of health-care medicines, and the reform of the way health-care payments are paid, may affect the level of profitability of the company’s pharmaceutical products.
\triangleright’s products are entering the country faster. At the same time, the pharmaceutical industry is competitively homogenous, and the sale of corporate products is subject to certain market pressures.
Quality control risks: The quality of medicines is relevant to people’s health and lives, and the quality of production requirements of drug regulators are becoming more stringent. Because of the availability of medicines, companies may be exposed to certain quality control risks due to raw materials, production, quality control, transport, storage, use, etc.
Environmental protection risks: Contaminants from pharmaceutical production can have adverse effects on the environment if not handled properly. As social environmental awareness increases, the regulatory capacity of national and local environmental authorities continues to improve, pollution emission controls continue to increase, companies are under environmental stress and companies are facing environmental stress.
Risks are increasing, and there is a risk of higher environmental costs. Milestones are not as high as expected: companies are developing innovative drugs to buy businesses by empowering overseas interests
A reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I did not, I didn't do it, nor would I do it, nor would I be specifically recommended in this report.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.