Heung Swe’s medical performance has grown steadily, pushing innovation to sea and progress in research and development. The company published a three-monthly report in 2024, which achieved an increase of 18.67 per cent in business income in the first three quarters of 2024.
The net return is 32.98 per cent higher than the net return, 37.38 per cent higher than the net return and steady growth in performance. Companies continue to increase their investment in research and development, and continue to promote innovation transformation and research and development (R & D) pipelines. Expanding, covering a wide range of commercial networks, increasing the impact of international markets, and building technological platforms.
The previous three quarters showed steady growth. O1-o3 achieved business income of $20.189 billion in 2024, an increase of 18.67 per cent in the same year; mother ' s net profit of $4.62 billion, an increase of 32.98 per cent in the same year; and deduction of the Euro160 million received from Merckhealthcare was recognized as revenue and thus profitable.
In a single quarter, q3 companies achieved operating income of $6,589 million, an increase of 12.72 per cent over the same period; mothers ' net profit of $1,188 million, an increase of 1.91 per cent over the same period; and, by deducting the net profit of non-patrimony, increased investment in research and development, innovation has been successful.
In its semi-annual report of 2024, the company actively sought opportunities to work with leading pharmaceutical companies around the world to promote international markets and to achieve a rapid transformation of research and development outcomes. At the same time, several innovative drugs were qualified for international clinical trials, and three adc products were awarded fast-track by the United States fda.
As of 2024h1, companies have accumulated 2,527 patents for inventions around the world. Towards a diversified layout, innovative products are expected to produce new levels of performance.
On this basis, new molecular models such as pdc, aoc, dac and mrna have been initially constructed, effectively expanding the product lines and gradually moving towards a diversified layout in the field of neoplasms and chronic diseases, creating new products that are gradually emerging and are expected to generate new performance gains for companies.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd. 46.3-38.9-fold, the company's core product continues to be released, the innovation pipe enters the key link, and we, Pharmacy Biochemistry: Chemical Pharmaceuticals
Innovative drug research and development do not meet the expected risks, industrial policy volatility risks, and market competition exacerbates risks.