Three quarters of 2024: company reports published in the third quarter of 2024. In the first three quarters of 2024, the company achieved operating income of $208.9 million, an increase of 18.67 per cent, and net profit returns of $4.69 billion, an increase of 32.98 per cent.
The decline in the ring comparison is due mainly to the fact that the first payment of Euro160 million received by the company in q2 for the foreign licence is recognized as revenue, resulting in a higher q2 base. The company’s innovative pharmaceutical business is expected to drive up performance throughout the year.
Revenues amounted to $6,612 million (including taxes, excluding income from foreign licences), a 33% increase over the same period. Companies maintained endogenous growth, innovation continued to be marketed, and the trend towards sound growth was positive.
High, with better clinical values better suited to the Chinese population, the increase in hospital admissions has been accompanied by a rapid increase in income; while Adberli singles have not yet been included in the national health-care catalogue, it has significantly increased the patient ' s total life span, providing better treatment for Chinese patients, which has been extended to the MDPS.
The revenue contribution has been further expanded through the inclusion of the special medicines reimbursement catalogue; the competitive pharmaceutical industry is expected to drive the company's innovative pharmaceutical business with the advantage of a “fast-strength, safe and efficient” brand positioning and oral delivery of medicines, which is recommended by various clinical guidelines, constantly increasing product impact and steadily increasing sales revenues.
During the reporting period, the company continued to build new technological platforms leading the industry, strengthening its source of innovation, and building high-quality innovation products. During the reporting period, the Vunaquids were won on August 27, approved for market, and launched their first commercial launch on September 3.
The company now has 13 self-researched innovators at the clinical stage. The types of drugs include mini-moleculars, antibodies, adc, covering multiple areas of disease treatment such as oncology, self-rescue, respiratory, metabolic, cardiovascular and image, and the company ' s research and development system continues to grow in the field of tumors at the same time.
Diversified coverage of slow-disease products and active upgrading of existing products and iterative innovation to lay a solid foundation for the sustainable development of companies that have become market leaders in the field of anti-cancer, pain-free anesthesia, etc.
• To promote science, technology, innovation, and internationalization strategies. Maintain a “buy-in” rating for companies.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.