Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research Centre Happy Purchase (300413.sz) (First Rating)
tv et al., the Mango Circle is becoming the company's basics, happy to buy five companies like Happy Sunshine, for a total cost of $11.55 billion, and the Mango Media share.
The announcement issued on September 28th is intended to buy 588 million shares at a price of $19.66 per share to buy 2 billion shares of happy sunshine, mango fun, daily entertainment media, mango video and mango entertainment.
Since then, the share of Mango media, the company’s first major shareholder, has increased from 43.12% to 67.88%, and Hunantai remains the company’s actual controller. Five top asset injections: Happy Sunshine: Mangotv is the country’s fourth largest composite video.
Service providers, 120 million at the end of mpp in the first half of 2017, 14 million at the end of the month, and a net profit of 158 million at the end of the same period, making the first profit point possible by twisting the profit gain; mango solo strategy, which gave it a competitive edge in content, in 2015 because of the fact that I'm Singer 3 was completely exclusive.
Mango tv once exceeded the microscopic payment, and went to the top of the pustore free list. 2 Mangos. Play with each other: the game industry leads the ip platform, with exclusive rights to the development of mobile Internet phone games with television programmes and video brands from 2014 to 2020, where Dad goes.
A cumulative total of 320 million downloads have been made, opening the first stream of TV-mixing. Three days of entertainment media: Idol training plants, the production of showcasing such phenomena as the Super Woman's Voice, Happy Men, and the successful launch of nearly 100 high-quality icons such as Lee Woochun, Zhang Jie, Wei morning, Hua morning Woo, Kang Chiu, etc.
4 Mango Shadows: Exemplary Film and Film Specialists with a series of successful and well-known works, such as " Miyagi " , " Miyagi " , " Winding Girls " , and " Beautiful Lee Hue-jin " . 5 Mango Entertainment: Entertainment and Operation Capables, produced and produced, including " Our Youth " , " Eternal Enlightenment " , " Roll Out " .
You know, some famous movie pieces like "The Oncological King." Wu Jinsheu, a powerful content-p.p., a broker, a platform that helps them to achieve long-term sustainable development.
Infused with assets, the Mango Circle has a rich copyright bank, forming a “home-made pip factory.” According to bone data, the top five (8621) 60230244 out of 201H1 video sites ranked as home-made amphibious.
Gotv has three seats. The Mango series has a very high market profile, relying mainly on the content-making and platform-marketing advantages of Weili1@gjzq.com.cn Mango, rather than on the influence of individual stars.
Power, so that it is not subject to specific stars, with strong replicability and sustainable development, even the ability to create new star pops (e.g., Zhang Qing, etc.) or to let some stars explode again (e.g., sand spills, etc.) in the creation of idol stars.
The media, for example, have a star's influence, fan coverage, and commercial value in China's young consumer market. The Illustrative Star Factory, a major home-made pip factory, has two main advantages that guarantee a reorganised and happy purchase that can produce quality content and attract a large audience in the long term, and is more structured and standardized.
The model, which gives greater certainty to the production of popular and influential artists, ensures the continuity of their income, while at the same time providing cost control and helps to increase profitability. The Internet video and TV and film and the SMART game are distributed through multiple channels and built up upstream and downstream.
The upstream star resources, content creation, combined with downstream distribution channels, have the advantage of a natural whole-of-life chain.
The future is based on the Mango tv platform, which uses a variety of profit models, such as advertising, membership fees, copyright revenues, the operator’s share of value-added services, and artist brokers, to improve overall profitability and create a co-symbiotic mango biosphere.
The purchase price was reasonable, the transaction helped improve the financial position, and the profit targets for the 201-h1 transaction reserve were significantly higher. The Mango tvb round was valued at $13.5 billion in June 2016, up from the current purchase price 42%, the happy sunshine 2017h1 turned upside down, and the profits are expected to be maintained for the next two years.
I'm going to build up sustained profitability and improve the overall performance of listed companies. Gotv is a core asset in this deal, the Internet video industry is more competitive, and Hunan-Tai has injected mango tv into happy purchasing, but not the whole of Hunan-Tai-Tai, so there is a lot of copyright between Mangotv and Hunan-Tai.
1. Dealing events: acquisition of businesses such as happy sunshine, creation of a hybrid media content, new media platforms, a mango media ecology with Internet information and electricity services, for a total price of $11.55 billion.
1.1 An outline of the trading programme: the total price of the target is 11.15 billion dollars, and the company to raise the sum of up to 2 billion dollars is to announce on the evening of September 28, that the company will acquire the full share of the happy sunshine, mango fun, daily entertainment media, mango visuals and mango entertainment by issuing shares.
The purchase will cost 588 million shares at a price of $19.66 per unit. The transaction price is 9.53 billion yuan, 508.8 billion yuan, 503.0 million yuan, 540 million yuan and 468 million yuan, respectively, for happy sunshine, mango entertainment, daily entertainment media, mango visuals and mango entertainment, as determined by the parties to the transaction.
1.1.2 Accompanied fund-raising: no more than 2 billion dollars is to be raised for projects such as the expansion of the copyright bank, while the company is to raise a total of no more than 2 billion yuan in undisclosed shares from no more than five specific investors.
100 per cent of the total amount of equity issued by the Auxiliary Finances is no more than 20 per cent of the total stock of the company listed prior to this issue. The Auxiliary Funds will be marketed on the entrepreneurship board, and the Auxiliary Funds will be used for the purpose of implementation by the company, after deducting the costs of the trading agency and the related issuance costs.
The Mangotv copyright library expansion project and the cloud storage and multiscreen broadcasting platform project. 1.1.3 Real control after the transaction remains unchanged: Mango media still buys the share of happy shares from the Mango media to buy the 84.13% share of happy sunlight they hold and the mango to each other.
51.80 per cent of the stockholdings, 100 per cent of the Leisure Media, 100 per cent of the Mango Shadows and 100 per cent of the Mango Recreations; to be set up in Mango Seaton, Xiamen, Shanghai and China, United Capital, Hunan Brigade, Guangya and New Recreation, Guangzhou Guangzhou, Mango Construction, Tsiao Shuu, Shanghai Yi Yong and China Nuclear Quantities Unit
Purchase of 15.87 per cent of the combined share of the happy sunshine; purchase of 48.20 per cent of the combined share of the mango to Mango, Tibetan Tefu, South Central Culture, Growing Culture and Shanghai Wai Wei Wei Wei Wei, the first owner of the happy purchase is Mango Media Ltd., a fully-owned company of Radio and Television Hunan.
The stock share is 43.12%. The five companies that will be injected are also Mango media. Thus, the share of the Mango media in happy purchases will rise to 67.88% when the deal is completed.
1.2 Performance commitments and lock-in arrangements of former shareholders of the acquiring firm Regular lock-out arrangements: the shares of listed companies acquired by the Mango media through the current reorganization may not be transferred for 36 months from the date of the current issuance; within six months of the completion of the current reorganization, the shares of listed companies would be continuous
The locks of the shares of listed companies obtained by the Mango media through this reorganization are automatically extended by six months.
Listed shares may not be transferred for 12 months from the date of this issue.
Traditional and new media integration 2.1 Happy Sunshine: The only new media video platform under the Hunantai flag is gradually developing an industry based on Mangotv
In April 2014, the new media industry, branded “Mangotv”, became fully connected to the Internet.
One of the top five integrated video service providers in the country. Since the implementation of the Mango solo strategy in April 2014, happy sunshine has been a full-scale Internet video business, focusing on research, development, and application of new media technologies.
Hearts, including a strong home-made ip production capacity and a rich copyright library, a new mainstream web media architecture that combines video sites, online television, content ecology, through multiple end-points such as Internet video, iptv, and Internet television.
2.1.1 Four lines of business go hand in hand, and video sites + web TV + content eco-combined
Table 8: The Main Business Process of Happy Sunshine 2.1.1.1 Internet video business: The main theme of the theme “Young energy” is “Mango exclusive + high-quality selection +”
Precision is a feature that attracts a large number of highly sticky users to build a vertical column matrix, with "Cloud Screens" to achieve full port coverage. Happy Sunshine Internet videos are conducted mainly through a self-developed and operated Mangotv Internet video platform.
To date, the Happy Sun has completed the construction of the "Cloud Screen" main platform.
Mpp, ott multiple terminal entrances, product lines overwb network, wap network, mpp client, ttend on a continuous basis to improve user experience. (Mpp refers to mobile, Pad, pc total, ott refers to overthtop, Internet TV)
Figure 9: Mango tvpc end interface Figure 10: Mango tv mobile end interface Figure 11: Mango tvtv front page
Mango Solitaire, which helped Mangotv to go beyond the micro-payment pstore list. Mangotv focuses on the theme “Young spirits” and features “Mango exclusive + high-quality selection + home-made” films and programmes, creating a mix of art, television dramas, films, cartoons, music, music, etc.
More than a dozen vertical columns of children, news, beans, live broadcasts, documentaries, fun, etc. In 2014, Lu Huinbin, Director of Radio and Television Hunan, indicated that in the future, Hunan would watch the self-restraint of complete intellectual property rights, which would be broadcast by Mangotv alone and would not be distributed over the Internet.
Mangotv succeeded in taking over the full rights of "I'm Singer Season 3" and "I'm Singer Season 4" on the Internet. For example, Mangotv went beyond micro-letters, qq, payment treasures, scavengeries, scavengers, coolness, and so forth.
In addition to home-made pip, mangotv is dependent on Hunan, and has a unique advantage in access to content resources. At one time, they won the exclusive role of Flowers and Young People, I'm a singer, and so forth.
Right, we believe that, in the future, Mangotv is expected to continue to give priority to the right to broadcast of the Hunan-Tai-Taibun programme, and that this does not preclude the possibility of acquiring new monolithic rights. The continued quality and scarcity of Mango programmes provide important guarantees for the continued rapid development of Mangotv in the future.
Figure 12: Mangotv received me as a singer for the third and fourth seasons of full Internet exclusive broadcasting platform with increasing appeal, user size and business growth rapidly. vv and uv, 2017h1, Internet video business averaged 20.93 million per day.
The daily average at the end of the mpp is 18.28 million, the daily average at the end is 70.3 million, the daily average at the end is 2.65 million and the daily average at the end is 33.97 million. (Uv for unquevisitor, vv for videoview videos)
57,659, pc end-day new registered users are 6,952; during the reporting period, the total number of new registered users on Mango tv mobile end is 51.13 million and the total number of new registered users on pc end is 11.89 million.
The survival rate has stabilized at between 40 and 50 per cent and the next-day retention rate at the ott end is about 30 per cent. 201h1, for active users, the mpp end of the Mangotv Internet video business averages 119.25 million and 14.83 million, respectively; of this, the moving end averages mau
The averages at the end of pc were 64.64 million and 3.59 million, respectively. In Mangotv Internet video business, the averages were 14.08 million and 3.15 million, respectively.
With regard to user fees, the average number of members at the MPP end of the Mangotv Internet video business is 2.01 million and the average number of members at the Arpu is 0.35 yuan per user; the average number of members at the ott end is 360,000; in June of this year, the rate of penetration of the overall membership fee was about 11 per cent and there is still much room for growth.
2.1.1.2 Operator operations: content services + value-added operations double-attack, expanding and increasing coverage. ott operations provide content services to the operator platform and iptv operations charge value-added spot billing fees. On the supply side, happy sunshine provides integrated content services and value-added applications to the collaborating operator platform
The “Mangotv” district has basically set up a matrix of services such as comprehensive arts, film, children, and live broadcasts, back-viewing, on-demand broadcasting, and a variety of payment packages, such as one-stop orders, channel months, seasons, year-round members. At the same time, happy sunshine is working with local operators to plan and organize meals.
In cooperation, in Hunan province, happy sunshine is at the heart of the lake’s iptv, with a fee for basic services based on the number of users and value added. Outside of the province, happy sunshine is charged mainly for paying for value-added operations.
ott and iptv operations are expanding and are expected to cover more than 30 provinces throughout the year. As of 30 June 2017, the opt and optv operations, which work with the operators, have entered Guangdong, Xianxi, Liao Ning, Hubei, Guangxi, Shanghai, Hebei, Sichuan, Yunnan, Anhui, Henan, Beijing, Heilongjiang.
More than 20 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions: In addition, the Tibet, Inner Mongolia, Hainan and other regions are being promoted and are expected to cover more than 30 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions throughout the year.
In addition, in the case of Mangotv members, in cooperation with the three major operators, the City of Membership + Flows, and Scorepers,
For example, on the mobile end of Mangotv, you can see the interface between the vip operator's privileges, the Manca Free Fee Application, where Mangotv's free free flow is granted, and the Mangotv's access to video spots and advertisements is free of traffic charges (the month's 40gb cap).
At $100 a day, you can get a 150-dollar fee and give a five-month concession to a mango member. 2.1.1.3 The content business: the content strategy supports the brand image, copyright sales are significantly enhanced, youth promotion labels are visible, and one of the largest content repositories in the country. In recent years, Happy Sunshine, Mango One.
The content strategy of +Quality Selection + Homemade Content, which gradually consolidated the youth of the Mango tv brand, on June 30th of the year, contains over 1.4 million video content, 440,000 hours long, which is one of the largest content repositories in the country's diverse media platforms.
As of June 30, 2017, happy sunshine had 43 rights to the web of art.
41 of them are exclusive authors, including Big Star Detectives, Big Star Detectives, Season 2, Transformer XIII, Moms, Season 2, Where Daddy goes Fourth, Super Woman 2016, Happy Man 2017, I'm Singer Four Lives.
There are a series of popular programmes, such as The Second Season of the Secret Gardens of the Camp. They also have exclusive copyright rights for 12 online dramas/microfilms.
A film show, of which 13 were the main projectors and 6 were the participants. Of these, the Road from Tonight had an investment of 50%.
First — The 4-net is the national watch first two days in a row: the national watch first, the national network first, the 52-city watch first, and the central city group first and thirty-one watch first.
It's over 500 million, and it's a double-dry, and it's one of the country's most powerful content-making plants, with an emphasis on content production and investment.
In 2016, for example, "Where Daddy goes in Season 4" received a cumulative 830 million broadcasts, while "Mother is Superman in Season 2"
In the first half of 2017, a cumulative 588 million broadcasts were recorded, approaching the first Mango Reconnaissance in 2015. The investment in the content of the happy sun and the production of the business have multiple meanings in the corporate business. First, copyright prices have risen all along in recent years, and happy sunshine has developed itself.
Accomplishment and home-made plays are the best way to solve the cost and content budget problems. And, secondly, to benefit from good internal appreciation and control, happy sunshine has a good quality and scarce content, particularly effective in stimulating the growth of its members’ business. At the same time, content creation leads to the initiative of advertising marketing services.
Sex, content self-regulation has become an important part of the integrated marketing service for advertisers, with video content and interactive entertainment at their core. Happy sunshine continues to bring talent into the content-making industry, further strengthening business team-building and developing youth around the target user and content characteristics of the Mangotv platform.
The Mango series has a very high market quality, and the standardized production process for idol stars ensures continuous export of quality ips, replicable and sustainable development.
The programme relies more on mangos' own excellent content production and platform marketing, rather than on individual stars, with strong replicability and continuous development, which can create new star pops (e.g., brightness) through relative labelling and calibration processes, or allow some stars to do it in another way.
In the long run, its development depends more on powerful platform power than on the influence of individual stars.
Some of the stars are able to produce quality content and attract a large audience in a stable and long-term manner, while at the same time playing a cost-control role. Mangotv has a unique absolute advantage in obtaining copyright and broadcasting rights for mango works, providing important guarantees for the continued rapid development of mangotv in the future.
▪ The revenue from copyright sales rose rapidly over the last year in the first half of 2017. Happy Sunshows, by way of outsourcing, home-made copyrights for content, form a copyright library, and can sell films and philanthropy programmes that have access to the information network to other video sites for copyright sales.
Increased sales of copyrights by light, with revenue from copyright sales of $45,053.8 million a year, an increase of 278 per cent over the same year; increased sales of happy sunshine copyrights in 2017 and copyright sales in January-June.
2.1.1.4 Other services: licence plates + proceeds from hardware sales Other services provided by happy sunshine are mainly business cooperation based on the ott business, and are divided into licence plates, authorized revenue and proceeds from hardware sales.
The first Internet TV licence holders cooperate in collecting license fees for license plates. Mangotv Internet TV was one of the first to receive Internet license plates and one of the seven content + two license holders in the country.
The Mango tvinside family, happy sunshine, thanks to the advantage of Internet television license plates, collects an authorization fee for Internet television licence plates from television sets or top box terminal operators. It is introduced into the hardware market, bringing together the advantages of “hardware plus content plus system platforms plus services plus partners/channels.”
Gotv has developed an autonomous smart television operating system, and has launched the "Emango TV" and has officially entered the military hardware market. A mango is a happy TV. A mango TV that brings together the advantages of "hard + content + system platform + service + partner/ channel" and works to build a "happy product" + "happy body"
The brand has now launched two series of Qing Man and Star Man, seven new TV items.
Figure 25: Impact map of amango televisions  Rapid growth in revenue collection, 83.8 per cent in 2016, income of 1,767 million and income of members in 2016, with operators in the operator's business split into sales of copyrights in the income and content business
The largest business. The income from the Internet video business is made up of advertising revenue and membership income. On advertising sales, happy sunshine increases the sales rate of platform advertising by expanding the volume of traffic, and on the other hand, it raises the soft and wide income through high-quality head content and advertising models.
The price of Xinyang members as a whole has remained stable, relying on high-quality copyright content and exclusive broadcasting strategies, constantly increasing the number of members in order to boost the explosive growth of members by means of pop-up programming and to cope with the risk of falling members' prices as a result of competition in the market.
From 2015 to 2017, the price of new media copyrights for programmes and video dramas rose. In response to changes in copyright prices, happy sunshine seized the opportunity for development, in 2016, the sales of copyrights were made fast in the first half of 2017.
The revenue from the sale of ecstasy rights has increased further. The share of revenue from content operations has also increased from 12.39% in 2015 to a profit point in 2017, with the result of a smoothing of the sun, which is expected to grow rapidly over the next two years. With a net profit of 158 million yuan for the first time.
The pre-dwelling and, on the other hand, the user-paying habits of content have evolved in recent years, and according to performance commitments, the happy sun is expected to continue to grow rapidly over the next two years, according to performance 2.2 mango fun: mobile Internet game business-related platforms, with the advantage of Lake Souther to fully tap the ip.
Mango Recreation was established in April 2014 as a comprehensive platform for mobile Internet games-related business under the Hunantai flag.
Mango Entertainment is a game business and an interactive marketing business. The game business includes games ip cooperation, game development and distribution, and the products include mobile single-machine games, mobile network games, web games, etc. In interactive marketing, mango recreation is based on the content of the Humanist TV programme, through
Social platforms such as micro-mail, micro-blogging or payment treasures, where television viewers interact with television programmes, display brands, load ads, and obtain business returns.
Figure 30: Changes in the share of income from mango recreational activities
▪ Playip cooperation: Mango funners obtain mobile games such as contentip, literary works, and games adaptations by purchasing from Hunan Tower and related companies engaged in ip-authorized business, and select game developers with greater research and development skills within the industry to customize games
The Mango Recreation and Development Agency collects royalties or insurance premiums and shares the proceeds of the game for profit. As of September 2017, Mango Recreation had set aside more than 30 television programmes and video dramas.
At present, Mango has authorized more than 20 games for game developers, including card cards, arpg, flying shots, mobile electric competitions, etc. Game development and distribution: Mango play is designed primarily for high-quality home-grown ips.
Major research and development, after multiple rounds of testing and refinement, forms a formal game product. When the mango play has entered the testing phase, the cooperative channels communicate and test and modify the offline products.
, based on feedback from a player, market or agent, specially corrects the bugs, adjusts the parameters, adds content, combines market outreach activities, optimizes the player's game experience, ensures the number of active players and extends the game life cycle.
At present, the main games of mango recreational research and development and distribution are three pieces: " Where Daddy goes " , " First Year " , and " Cho Zilong of Wu God " .
▪ " Where Daddy goes 2 " : officially launched in June 2014 and developed by Hunan Watch Where Daddy goes " , the only fun-and-cool mobile solo game officially authorized. Players can play the star dads in the show, and they can swim in the scenes of the show.
The props have done their job, compared to "Where Daddy goes", "Where Daddy goes" and "The Second Season" not only joined the game, but also added tourist attractions, the Wulong Tian Puddle, the New Ye Towns, the hideout and petling little black dogs, the sports run, the "The Little Giant" magic medicine.
Chart 38: Where is Dad? Number of cumulative users (millions). First grade: officially launched in November 2014 as a recreational adventure-type shoot-out show on the topic of " First Year " , the Hunan Guardian's Family and Child Fairy Show.
In April 2016, Jo Zilong was officially on the line, a war warrior style based on a famous performer named Lin Yin and Gulenaza.
Gearpg's web game. The game, in the context of the tri-national era, recreated Zhao Zilong's life and a moving love story with Xia Huu, was integrated into the martial arts system, the beauty system, the promotion of the civil service, etc., and coincided with the three worlds of chaos.
2.2.2 Interactive marketing operations: integration of multiple types based on the interactive content of television programmes. In the context of interactive marketing, mango recreation is based on the content interaction of the Hunantai television programmes, conducted through social platforms such as micro-mail, micro-blogging or payment treasures, during the interaction of television viewers with television programmes
The first group is Hunanguard's interactive products. The Hunan Vigilance Department integrates television interactive products into the overall recruitment resource system, sells them simultaneously to advertising customers, and authorizes mango entertainment as a technology for television interactive products.
The second category is the customization of other interactive television products. Mango interactive products form part of a marketing kit for the "1+n" game industry, together with Hunan Watch, Mangotv, etc.
Integration of the various types of program implantation, TV interaction, game distribution, derivative development, etc., with the Mango Recreation and Marketing Centre (MCC) selling independently to customers for customer promotion purposes.
Figure 41: Interactive marketing product case 2.3 Day recreational media: super-girl-class mythographer, “Idol training factory” continued to stabilize output
As one of the largest youth idol entertainment companies in China, with a focus on youth cultural sensitivities and guides, the media has a high profile in many areas, such as music, film, drama, fashion, etc.
Sound, fan coverage, and business values are in the first camp in China’s young consumer market. The most popular and influential musical shows in the Chinese-language region, called Super Woman, Happy Man and Happy Woman, have accumulated their number of contestants over the 13 years since 2004.
After 4 million, nearly 100 high-quality icons and groups, such as Lee Woochun, Zhang Jie, Wei morning, Hua morning Woo, O-Ho, Chen Shang, Kang-ho, Yu Xing, White Platform, and Top-up, have been successfully introduced, creating a market-competitive idol training brand and an idol-making mechanism.
Leisure media have developed market-competitive idol training brands, and replicable standardized idols have developed mechanisms to provide continuous ammunition for companies to export artists on a continuous basis, while the internal production of icons and stars has, to some extent, enhanced the platform ' s role in effectively controlling the cost of performers under the flag.
▪ Recreational media main operations, including artist brokerage, programme and video drama production, other wireless value-added authorization operations, etc., with a view to building youth idols as a central development and expanding to the film and art industry, through deep excavation of artist values and the development of high-quality entertainment products
Business architecture covering rich content products, stereo-dissemination channels, multi-layered branding systems.
Figure 44: Recreational Media 2015a-2019e net profit 2.3.1 Artist brokerage: developing professional teams to build new people, enriching operational experience and market opportunities To become a platform for sustainable development
Leisure media entertainers have the advantage of nurturing newcomers and operating in the long term and have now formed a layer of sub-Artists' ladders covering various areas such as artist development and planning operations, artist music and large-scale events, business performances, visual performances, business operations, etc.
• In the case of artist development and planning operations, the entertainment media, through a variety of channels, such as show selection programmes, exhibition sites, astrologers, networks and so forth, tap into potential entertainers and combine the talent training teams of China, the United States, Japan and Korea, to perform on the stage, perform on the stage, perform on the body, dance, media, etc.
Public relations, fashion-style training, etc., and development programming tailored to their characteristics and qualities, with emphasis on artist branding.
Drawing (the placement of artists according to their own conditions and artistic style) allows newcomers to make a direct transition from a soother to an artist, and to have a huge crowd of fans with good consumption habits before they are officially released. The entertainment media fully combine these results with the broader demand of the entertainment market and further become an artist.
A comprehensive plan for long-term development is designed to maximize market value.
Figure 45: Artist broker business processes that have developed through more than a decade of artist excavations into planning operations, where talent media artists now form a ladder division, where the rich experience of mature artist operations provides a breeding ground for new artists, and the wealth of resources available to advantage artists.
In September of this year, there were more than 30 registered artists working with the Leisure Media, including Hua morning Woo, Kang Cho, O-Hau, Chen Shang, Yu Xing, and the White Platform.
Figure 47: Profile of some eminent artists
On the night of Twitter 2015, we won Asia 2015 the winner of the new show, the most popular year in the year.
A live live singer, the year's greatest, the year's most vocal singer, the year's best album (inland), The Stranger, the 16th musical wind.
The gift of Qasimodore, the Fae, the Year's Fest of Clouds, the Year's Best Album, h, the Mars Intelligence Agency.
The 57th Grammy Awards were invited by the United States Billboard as a vip view.
Guest at the 2015 qq Music Year of the Highest qq Musical Interactive Concert and the Highest Awards of the Year
The Year's Best Inland Men's Singer Award, Small Age Series 1-4, Let go for love, We meet Pineflower Lake,
The Love Club, So with Black Pink, the 24th Golden Chicken Film Festival, "Ex-Married, Surrendered to Innocent Girls",
Beacon, "The East China Sea, the Ages, the 2nd Asia New Media Film Festival"
Twilight, 28-year-old minor, fantasy, popular actor, city, legend, come together.
Watching meteor showers 3, Fox Summers, 2.2.2 programming and film production: perfecting the artist value operating system, promoting the artist broker business board. In recent years, the entertainment media have focused on innovative development of the polystyrene and have continued to increase investment in and production of the film.
In addition to the youth-friendly and family-friendly productions of the series "Firing! Youngsters! " , " Looking at the meteor showers together " , " Where Daddy goes " , and "At home " , the entertainment media and ecclesiastical productions have improved the performance of artists ' values, and the productions of video dramas and ceremonials have been promoted for the benefit of artists.
It's convenient, and it deepens the audience's perception of artists; the production of film works is supported by excellent artists who have been trained by the value of artists' performance systems, which enhances the impact of film works. The two business plates are mutually reinforcing and proliferating.
2.3.3 Other wireless value-added authorized operations: possession of more than 500 published musical works The entertainment media provide their copyrights, including Internet music, video platforms, telecommunications operators, ktv places of business, background music places, games, advertising, etc.
As of 30 June 2017, there are more than 500 major music works that have been distributed and have the rights of producers of audio/video recordings.
2.4 Mango visions: 16 years of production of the Deep Farm Film and Film Theatre, which builds the ecology of the Mango industry with a youthful youth,
For 16 years, the business philosophy of the peacekeeping "Caution of Crafts" has been advanced. As a producer of film and television in Hunan Taiwan, he has been working hard to develop a strategy to serve the content of the "Cloud Screen" by fully developing the mango industry's ecology, which is based on visualization of the ip, and the mango vision, which has made an all-out effort to create a brand-new and market-leading version of the youth play.
"Mangos" focuses on the investment, production, and distribution of the best films. The Mango is now shaped into a complete operating structure with project, creation, distribution, business, publicity, copyright, technology, finance, artist functions, professional production teams for the production of film and television productions and advocacy teams.
It's also been able to develop the whole industry around ip. Mango has been watching about 30 television shows that have been independently and jointly financed since its inception, both nationally and internationally.
The winner of the award, the "Five Ones" award, the "Flying Sky" award, the Golden Eagle Award, the Asian Television Award, and so forth.
The cost of the money has created Mango studio, the country’s first indoor video base, and since 2011 has been the only producer and resource coordinator to customize the theatre for Hunan’s “when the youth takes place.”
Mango films are both produced for theatres and invested in theatres. They have produced a series of successful works, such as "The Maternity of Love," "The Girl of Cyclones," and "Li Hue-jin" . At the same time, Mango movies are also experimenting with the field of water-brokering, which has been signed by Jiang Yu for the purpose of preparing young artists for the early stages of their youth.
Hee-hee, laughter, etc. More than 10 artists. Mango video main camp business is TV drama business, with more than 95% of the revenue from TV drama business in 2015-2017h1.
Figure 51: Mango visualized changes in income per business Figure 52: Mango visual vision 2015a - 2019e net profit 2.5 Mango entertainment: development of multi-content areas of mixed art visualization, opening the entire business chain of entertainment
Mango Entertainment was founded in September 1999 as a professional, media-wide content production company under the Hunantai banner, with strong content innovation, industrial resource pooling and multi-channel integration and marketing skills, to open the entire industry to entertainment, and through the excellence of many excellent philanthropy programmes, television dramas, films and films.
The Mango Recreation Camp consists of TV dramas, philosophies, and entertainers, providing content products for major video sites and security channels.
Figure 55: Mango Entertainment 2015a-2019e net profit-making in film and video operations. Since 2015, Mango entertainment has introduced Korean bestseller novels into a single-body play, and has produced and distributed a television play, The Risk of Searching for Love, with an open viewing rate;
With regard to the business of Mango Entertainment and the Hunan Vigilance, since 2015, the joint production of Monday's star reality show and co-production of a star's life experience watch show
" Dad with Brightness " , co-production of the network reality show " Hello! goddess " et cetera. Figure 57: Business processes for the production of mango entertainment art. Figure 58: Mango entertainment with a number of popular entertainment programmes.
hyperdimensionidols.
It's a cosmopolitan and a flower that has a unique name, and it's a national front-end beta-mixed reality show.
The first star interacts with a fan network, and the Xion idols are going to make the original prosthesis model, and they're going to turn it around for the benefit of fans.
A new chapter in the country’s Starfleet interactive program, Pathfinder, a network of major brokers, stars, 3. Happy purchasing of original business: business transformation, increased mobile power providers, social power providers and interactive marketing.
▪ Happy Buying was set up in late 2005 by Hunan Radio and Television Group and Hunan Watch to co-finance a multi-billion dollar investment, and on January 21, 2015, Happy Buy was placed on the market at the bottom of the chain. The company, with its vision of building “the world’s most influential media retail group,” integrates television, websites, and brands.
The video, the broadcast's “four-in-one” sales circuit, lowers the cost of consumer shopping, and allows consumers to experience the pleasure of shopping as they please.
The company ' s household consumption business is based mainly on its own media creativity and content production advantages, innovative marketing models, broadcast 24 hours a day through happy shopping channels, and consumers can not only call for online counselling, ordering, and after-sales services over rock TV, CVP. At the same time, it is directed to the company as a whole.
The channels operate the accumulated client base, using the crm system for the deep-digging and analysis of membership needs, happy acquisition of innovative video +kol+ quality life social power providers, and a spirit of media content production and entertainment that extends to the original content community of users.
A one-stop solution for fashion, make-up, live interaction, video, frequency, purchasing, community functions, and close friends, creating a closed loop from content to purchase. In Local Life O2o, companies integrate localized life resources and introduce a new local consumption.
It is also a service programme that follows the concept of a pro-poor approach, helps rural power suppliers to develop their own content, takes a firm position on the advantages of producing their content, combines the major media channels, continuously digs out the most representative products of origin, and innovates the form of “new farmers' net red” live.
In the auto-electric business, the company is running a combination of auto-parity supermarkets and auto-cultural parks, and continuously upgrades the new O2o model of auto-electrics, online sales and offline activities. 38,000 square metres of auto-life experience have been built, and the Dole Island Roads Theme Park has been introduced through high-human parentage.
The fun project, the radiation car population, the driving of human flows and consumption, the creation of a business model for sustainable development
The business income from happy purchases increased from 2,738 million yuan in 2014 to 3,219 million yuan in 2016, with annual recovery growth of 8.43 per cent and business income of 1,312 million yuan in the first half of 2017, a decline of 24.36 per cent compared to the previous year, mainly due to the company ' s business transformation process, television shopping, auto power suppliers, conglomerates
Business income decreased from the previous year, with 66.53 million yuan a year, mainly due to the fact that companies have increased their strategic investment in mobile, social and interactive marketing in recent years, and that new projects are now in the incubator phase, with some impact on the growth of corporate profits.
At the same time, the company has adjusted the area of some of its unsatisfied coverage. The growth in performance and profitability of the new regional operations require a certain period of time. The changes in habits attributed to the shareholders of the listed companies in the first half of 2017 have led to a decline in the performance of the company ' s household consumer television, database marketing and community power providers.
While performance has increased, profits have not yet been released. 4. Strong content-publishing capacity & artist-brokering capacity, multi-channel distribution of Internet video & TV & film & power & games, upstream and downstream construction of mango rings
Figure 62: Quality assets injected into listed companies, mango ecology is improving, happy sunshine comes from the country's fourth largest integrated video service provider, total number of users, Mpp end, ott end average mau score in the first half of 2017
Not 119.25 million, 14.08 million; Mpp end and ottendarpu, respectively, 0.35 million yuan per user, 0.52 million yuan per user in the first half of 2017. As of June 2017, the overall membership pay penetration rate was about 11%, and there is still a unique content advantage in terms of "mango exclusive plus high-quality selection plus homemade".
Self-produced and broadcast autonomous copyright programs created a unique competitive advantage in content acquisition. Mangotv tops the list of downloads in 2015 for the exclusive broadcast of "I am Singer's Third Quarter" over the microscopic payout list of appstore.
The field of vision has a unique advantage and great potential for growth — the first real industry-wide video media to achieve full end-covering of the "Cloud Screens" — and the construction of a "Cloud Screens" master platform that will create a full-scale Internet video, Internet TV, mobile TV, iptv, mobile client, and so on, covering hands.
The endpoints of machine, pad, pc, tv, and so on, have produced such fine homemade programs as Perfect Holidays, Big Star Detectives, Super Woman 2016, all of which have achieved remarkable results.
Positions the game industry as a leader in the ip platform, holding high-quality upstream ip resources.
• Production of "Where Daddy goes " , " phantoms " , and other official hand trips: " Where Daddy goes" series with a cumulative total of 320 million downloads.
The most popular and influential music show in the Chinese-speaking region, created by the entertainment media, The Super Woman, The Happy Man and The Happy Woman, accumulated more than 4 million entries over the 13 years since 2004.
As of September 2017, there were more than 30 subscribers, including Huamong, Kang, O-Ho, O-Hu, Chen, Kang-hwan, Yu-hwan, White Platform, and Top-heung, who created a market-competitive idol training brand and idol-making mechanism.
Successfully placed music, video content creative industry, the largest youth idol agency in the Chinese-speaking region, and the most heavily owned of Chinese records and music copyrights. Invested in the production of " Burn! Young People Together" series, "Look at Drift Rains" series, "Daddy's Powerful Film and Television Production Power, "The Palace", "The Curtain of the Palace " , "Crowds of the Palace " , "Gynecology and Obstetrics of Love " , "The Girl from Cyclones " ,
Mango saw the success of a series of fine plays, such as the beautiful Li Huixen, the beauty making and the big girl, with a great reputation in the business, professional content production and operation, and produced our "Age of Our Youth," "Friendly Enlightenment," "Don't be so proud,"
Mango Entertainment, "Best of Youth, Get Out! Oncology" and other famous films.
tv, tv, tv, tv, tv, tv, tv, tv, tv, tv, tv, tv, tv, tv, tv, tv, tv, tv, tv, tv, tv, tv, t., t., t., t., t. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The company that bought it made its own luminos. In particular, happy sunshine used to be a good home-made show like Perfect Holidays, Big Star Detectives, Super Woman 2016.
Mango has been successful in a series of fine plays, such as "The Palace," "The Palace's Rings" and "Li Hue-jin" , and has been well known in the industry. Mango entertainment has a professional content and ability to do and operate, and has been working together with Panda tv and Tetsu videos to create a national goddess-to-generative show.
"Hello! goddesses" also produced famous videos, including "Friendly Enlightenment" and "Go! Oncology Man."                                                                           : 2017h1
First, where Dad's 100-degree peak is 2.4 times as high as Dad's coming back. By bone data, the top five of the 201-h1 video sites ranked Mangotv in three seats, and based on Star Detective 2's 2.02 billion broadcasts in the first half of 2017.
The "Where Daddy goes" series has been launched five seasons since its launch on October 11, 2013, with the 100-degree index reaching a historic peak of 900,628 in December 2013, compared to the same type of reality show, "Dad's Back" series, launched by Zhejiang Watch.
Since the launch of the first two seasons, on 24 April 2014, the 100-degree index reached a historic peak of 379,729 in July 2014, with a 2.4-fold peak for where Dad went. Mango Circles are aided by a standardized, replicable star-breeding mechanism with the ability of a strong broker.
The Mango series has a very high market profile, and if it relies on Mango's own content-making and platform marketing advantages, it's not dependent on the influence of individual stars, so that it's not subject to specific stars, it's very replicable and holding.
The ability to develop, or even create new star pops (e.g., Zhang Qing, etc.) or let some stars explode again in another way (e.g., sand spill). In building idol stars, one of the objects of this re-programming acquisition – the entertainment media – has a strong resource, its star influence, its fans' coverage, etc.
Business values are in the first camp in China’s young consumer market. It's an original star-making model, developed through influential original show shows like “Super Woman” and “Happy Man” and digging for potential young artists.
At the beginning of their entertainment career, artists had a strong fan base, which was the natural advantage of the entertainment media in creating “Image Factory.” To date, the entertainment media have produced nearly 100 high-quality youth idols, such as Lee Woo-chun, Zhang Jie, Wei morning, and Hua morningwoo.
• Self-made ip+ idol star training to ensure that output is accompanied by effective cost-control. The two advantages of the Illustrative Star Factory, the Homemade ip Plant, are to ensure that the recombinantly reprogramming of content has a steady flow of content output.
A more systematic and standardized model that allows its popular and influential artists to produce with a greater degree of certainty and continuity of their income while helping to control their costs and raise the profile of the Korea sm company, which dominates the market with a mature idolic training system, with a high share price for 2008-2012.
In April 2000, s.m. was listed on the Korean market in Gosdark, making it the country’s first cultural entertainment company.
The success of sm is largely due to its well-developed idolic training system. Its model can be divided into three processes: selection training, production, and brokering.
And with the company’s wealth of resources and excellent production capacity, the market’s popularity of artists has been extremely high. Figure 65: The sm’s unique business model can be divided into three processes: selection training, production, and brokering.
• Interviewee: divided into wired • ads (China, Los Angeles, New York)
• Records Production Department — Perimeter Commodities, Canada, etc.) and on-line
(mail, online registration), • concerts, etc. (weekend, etc.)
• Participation in film and electricity s.m.best, video shoots
(s.m. showcase) • Training: including singing, acting, dancing, composing, foreign languages
And comprehensive training, with professional institutions s.m.academy in charge of the continuous increase in stock prices of sm companies, cannot be linked to the transformation of the model of each of its protagonists.
Distinguishing the artists that Sm has launched. This can be divided into three generations: the first generation (2000-2006), represented by h.o.t., myths, treasures, etc., where idols are first-born and have some influence but are not yet institutionalized; and the second generation (2006-2012), based on Orient God, Super
junior, adolescent age, etc., is characterized by the beginning of the expansion of the configuration and more mature and systematized training, along with the simultaneous march to the overseas market, where the successful expansion of the Japanese market is represented by the explosion of stock prices, which is represented by exo, nct, which is characterized by the beginning of the separation of small groups, with a regional focus on living.
Figure 66: Sm stock prices continue to rise in isolation from the transformations in the model of each of its progeneration artists, with 4.2 channels distributed as wings to achieve full industrial chain layout, with full synergy Upstream Star resources, content manufacturing combined with downstream distribution channels, enjoying natural whole-of-industry chain advantages.
In the current area of content production, idols have become a key factor, artists’ costs have increased, and the Mango biosphere has been used by contracted artists to produce content, not only in the interest of cost control, but also in the interest of their visibility and influence in the promotion and dissemination of their work.
Good development leads to a reverse enhancement of Imaging P.'s ability to build, and the promotion and distribution of film and film productions enhances the visibility and market influence of Imphop and promotes the growing value of Impho.
Like ip resources can provide strong support and convenience to other content production industries in the biosphere. Multiple screen penetrations, with obvious channel advantages. Happy Sunshine has completed the construction of the "Cloud Screens" platform, with access to mpps, ott multiple terminals, product lines covering web, wap, mpps.
Homes, ott-ends, continuous succession to improve user experiences, multiple screen penetrations, high-profile channels, coupled with their strong content-making capacity, strong union, and mango ecology. Mango conglomerates have a strong multichannel distribution capacity that enhances the integration of business plates, thus creating a convergence effect.
In the case of business plates, the integrated layout of films, television dramas, gaming, games, electrical panels will also play a good role.
The Division can develop multi-product types of the work and ip in a comprehensive manner and dig out the value of the ip in all its aspects; while different types of work developed on the basis of the same ip can be selected for placement in the market when appropriate, under a corporate plan, to continuously increase the ip heat and to fully mobilize synergies between the plates.
On the Mango tv platform, films, TV dramas, gaming, games, etc., a variety of profit models, such as advertising, membership fees, copyright revenues, the operator's share of value-added services, and artist brokers, are used to improve overall profitability and create a co-symbiotic mango biosphere.
4.3 The purchase price is reasonable and the transaction helps to improve the financial position, and the profit indicators for the 201h1 transaction reserve test show that the Mango tvb round was valued at $13.5 billion, 42 per cent higher than the purchase price and 17h1 was reversed to a profit point. In June 2015, Mango tv completed a round with over $500 million in financing.
At the end of 2015, Ma Yun and Li Kaiqing also visited Mangotv. More than 60 institutions and 20 billion funds were involved in declaring Mangotv’s b-round financing. Mangotv announced the completion of the b-round in June 2016.
Financing, raising close to RMB 1.5 billion, with a market value of RMB 13.5 billion after investment, when public (mangotv) revenues had reached 1.77 billion, an increase of 83.8 per cent over the same period, and its Internet video business mpp end-of-the-month activity (mau) reached an average of 120 million people per day.
The price of the purchase was $9.53 billion, lower than in the first-tier market, and it was valued at $160 million. The happy sun of 2017h1 was reversed and lost, with a net profit of $160 million.
▪ The size of the back-up collection for trading 201h1 and the net return on parent earnings have increased significantly. In 2016, the impact of operating income losses and expenditures such as content costs have resulted in a loss of Internet video operations, while the relatively small size and share of high Maori operations such as operator operations and content operations. As the subject matter of the transaction continues to be profitable.
▪ In summary, once the transaction is completed, the size and profitability of the listed companies will increase significantly, and the continued profitability will increase.
The mango conglomerate is becoming happy to buy five companies, like Happy Sunshine, at a total cost of $11.55 billion, and the mango media share has risen to 67.88%.
A total of 588 million shares of happy sunshine, mango fun, daily entertainment media, mango visions and mango entertainment amounts to no more than 2 billion yuan. This amount is used to implement copyright bank expansion projects and cloud storage and multiscreen broadcasting platforms.
Hunantai is still the company’s actual controller. ▪ Five excellent assets injected: one happy sunshine: Mangotv is the country’s fourth largest combined-vision frequency service provider, at the end of the first half of 2017, at the end of the mpp and at the end of the month, at the end of the year, at 120 million, at the end of the country.
A net profit of $14.08 million over the same period, amounting to $158 million for the first time, was realized as a profit point; the Mango solo strategy gave it a competitive content advantage. Mangotv was once ranked first in the pstore free list 2 in 2015 because he was singled out for " I am Singer 3 " .
Mango Entertainment: The game industry leads the ip platform, exclusive ownership of mobile Internet game development rights from 2014 to 2020 in Hunan Tower with television programmes and video brands, cumulative downloads of 320 million hands-on tours of the " Where Daddy goes " series, starting with the development of TV-multicultural programmes.
3 Days of Recreation Media: Idol Training Plants, Production of Music Shows such as Super Woman's Voice, Happy Men's Voice, Successfully presented nearly 100 high-quality idols like Lee Woo Chun, Zhang Jie, Wei morning, Hua morning Woo and Kang Chiu. 4 Mango Videos: Best Film and Film Specialists, The Palace, The Palace's Locked Pearls,
A series of successful and well-known works, such as " The Girl of Cyclones " , and " The Precious Lee Hye-jin " . 5 Mango Entertainment: The Entertainment and Operation Activism Act, which produces famous videos, including " Our Youth, The Joy, The Expedition, Get Out! The Oncology King " .
With the infusion of excellent assets, the Mango Circle has a rich copyright bank, forming a “home-made ip factory.” According to bone data, the top five of the 20171 video sites ranked themselves among the top five.
Mangotv has three seats. The Mango series has a very high market profile, relying mainly on Mango's own content and platform marketing advantages, rather than on the influence of individual stars, so that it is not subject to specific stars and is highly replicable and sustainable.
To develop the ability to even create new star pops (e.g., Zhang Qing, etc.) or allow some stars to explode again (e.g., sand spilles) in another way. In building an idol star, for example, the talent media, whose star influence, fan coverage, commercial value are young in China.
The Fountain Markets are in the first camp. The Illustrative Star Factory, which is a large home-made pip factory, has two advantages that guarantee a group of happy purchases that can produce quality content in a stable and long-term manner and attract a large audience, while at the same time being more structured and standardized, making its popular and influential artists more productive.
It helps to create a multi-channel distribution of Internet video & TV & Film & Multicultural & Electric & Game, to build up and down the mango biosphere. The upstream star resources, content creation, are combined with downstream distribution, and enjoy nature.
The full industrial chain advantages. The integrated layout of the business panels, films, TV dramas, polytechnics, games, electronics panels will also play a good role as a link, making full use of the conglomerate synergies and enhancing overall profitability by digging for the value of the pips. The future will be based on the Mangotv platform, which will be advertised and held.
A wide range of profit models, such as employee fees, copyright revenues, operator ' s share of value-added services, and artist brokers. A comprehensive increase in profitability and the creation of a co-symbiotic mango biosphere.
In June 2016, the Mango tvb round was valued at $13.5 billion, 42% higher than the purchase price, the happy sunshine 2017h1 was lost, the profit point was lost, profits were expected to increase over the next two years, and continued profitability increased, contributing to the overall improvement in the performance of listed companies.
Mangotv is a central asset in this deal, and the Internet video industry is more competitive, and the Hunan Tower injects mangotv into a happy purchase, but does not place the whole of Hunan Taiwan on the market, so there is still a partnership between mangotv and the rights in the Hunantian version, rather than the sole copyright owner, with certain risks.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment