Mango tv: Recreate an online version of the Hunan Watch -- happy buying (300413) in depth report, what is the genes of Hunan-Tai?
Hunan Watch has been a leader in China’s television industry since 1998. From the 1998 Camp of Happiness and the Joong Yiu play, the 2005 Super Woman Voice and the 2005 Grand Today to the 2013 and 2013 editions of " Where Dad goes, Flower Bones and the People’s Name " , a series of innovative philosophies and TV dramas have come from Hunan, the secret of which is that content production is a highly uncertain business.
In terms of its geographical location, Hunan is a landlocked province, with less economies than Guangdong and Jiang Zing. So we try to find reasons from internal management mechanisms, such as producer centralism and incentive mechanisms, but others are being replicated.
From Hunan Watch to Mangotv, the spirit of entertainment is consistent, from Wei Wenbin to Ouyang Chang Lin, and the tv army has always been a leader.
Create, beyond the reach of traditional institutions, a pilot special zone with a humanistic system that is consistent with market-based principles, such as open access mechanisms, rigid phase-out mechanisms, advocacy competition
The incentive to compete. When this system releases a powerful life, it is replicated and promoted within the system. — Wei Wenbin, 1st of 2005, Huannan Watch: Genes forged for 20 years the status of boss.
• Why does Hunan Watch have more advertising skills than peers? • View: Five Davids, including Hunan, will see a balanced pattern in the medium term with video sites.
2. Mangotv: branding, focusing on young + female user groups
• Valuation of the four main synergies between Mangotv and Hunan Watch: Mangotv is more suitable for ps valuation at this stage rather than pe valuation method 3, appendix: presentation of this reorganization programme and companies placed in five tenders
"Hunannan Watch " : 1999 aired the Joong Goo play "Rey Jug " , October 2013, from South Korea.
"Girl, Hunan Watch has begun to form the influence and concern of the family outside the home that has been introduced on all of the bmc TV stations.
In 2017, Mango tv and Sky Entertainment, on January 1, 1997, Hunan Vigilance passed through the 2nd satellite show, "Where Daddy goes," and then...
"Yerejuger" has created a phenomenon-based mix of Chinese media, mango movies, etc.
It's 8:05 July 11th of the year for Chinese entertainment products.
The development and improvement of the business chain has made great strides in capitalizing through the opening of the Hunan Vigilance Division.
In April 2014, Mangotv came on line, and in April 2014 he became a member of the Human Rights Council.
Hunan Watch and Mangotv became the “one wing” of the lake's south wide electricity.
"Happy China" was launched in 2004 and both home-made and foreign-purchase dramas have been inspired by a new breakthrough.
And around that, by 2011, Hunan Guardian had accumulated experience with home-made television dramas, including the "The Ugly Woman Rose Pact" new talk and entertainment show, which was quickly introduced.
And it's a concept that brings back the field, "Smiling in my heart," "Looking at the meteor showers together," "Looking at the meteor showers together, it's raising the visibility of the Hunan Guard."
(b) After 2011, the channel features were strengthened.
The Happy Home Camp, the Rose Pact and the Joong Goo, the Golden Eagle solo theaters are back on their feet, and the New Return plays form the three pillars of Hunan's early success.
A number of great dramas, such as "Step Up" and "Super Woman, Fast Man" came to the scene in 2004, when the big heat of "Super Woman, Fast Man" completely laid down the position of Hunan Guardian First.
"Jongwolve" is a film and television drama adapted from a series of books written by contemporary Taiwanese famous Taiwanese writer Joan Goo, styles and phrases. Joong Gou's work has been extensively adapted since the 1980s.
For the film, the most famous of them are the three of clubs, one of the dark dreams, and the other. The first edition of Jelleggar was aired in 1998, with a national average of 47 per cent, up to 62.8 per cent, making it the highest television show in history; the second was broadcast in 1999, with a national average of 54 per cent, up to 65.95 per cent.
The first-ever leap to the status of first-hand watch was made by “The Play+Multi” combined with the help of the Happy Home Camp.
The cause of the rise of the Hunan Guard:
Business management model • June 2004, Hunan Watch • Focused on the arts and even on the arts
• "Choose a centre for innovation research and development + two stand-by, special to the Hunan Guard."
It's the first place in the country to be well-positioned, and it's a big system that supports + "Producer, Shower, Original Multicultural + Homemade."
Centralized + Effective Incentive Point, which stands for Leisure TV Channel: "Quick"
"The Ring of Le Cao" idea, "Changing the Chinese Home Camp" has been going on for the past 20 years.
Chains: With a selection artist system, under this mechanism, it's green. It's grown out of the art.
The country's most dynamic television entertainment, and the arts and home-made, cost-effective and powerful content-making power.
A large number of star hosts and Ming brands. This position makes the lake lower, so it can be used more.
Hunan's power is better than any other star performer, becoming the Hunan Watch.
It's the very foundation of a cellular facility, and it's the money that's being used to buy out a great show, a dedicated young fan.
1. Focus on the arts: Happy Home Camp became the 20-year-old Xiaoqin Xiaoyu. In 1996, Hunan Hiroshi was preparing for the stars. It required a comprehensive art programme. It also created Happy Home Camp in order to compete with the lucky 3721 ratings of Hunan.
In 2012, the Happy Home Camp was compressed from 100 to 60 minutes, and in 2007, the Happy Home Camp highlighted the new concept of “circumstance for all” as an ordinary audience or grass roots group.
In 2005, the Happy Home Camp opened up a new format for the facilitator’s phase-out. In 2004, the Happy Home Camp began to establish phased activities.
In 2002, the Happy Camp first introduced the concept of a “host group” with a bright spot, with an ordinary audience as the main player, downplaying the “beautiful” of the stars, trying to be a sea-selection, a reality show, a live show.
In July 1997, Hunan Watch officially launched a new concept of “panic entertainment” based on star participation in games and performances.
It is a feature of Hunan's view, and it represents the main part of the entertainment programme entitled “Happiness Camp.” The programme is no longer a single art, “Happiness Camp” but has been young for 20 years.
It's more of a series of famous performances like "The Star" on stage with the Lord, "The Fast Man" and so forth, and it's a huge number of home owners or audience interactive entertainment for Hunan Watch. The host, "tore" the scripts, is no longer tied to it.
The famous star host (how to spirit, Shenna, Wang Chai, etc.) and the star performer, instead of speaking their own words, is a unique branding and flow source for the Hunan Guard.
In September 2002, Huannan-Sang proposed the creation of a personalized integrated channel headed by entertainment, information, with an emphasis on “Young, beautiful, young people”.
"Fashion" is a feature of the channel. Locks on entertainment, locks on young people, locks on the whole country.
All programs are centred on “happy” and are designed to convey an atmosphere of ease and joy to the audience. It can be said that the establishment of the “happy China” position provides a solid basis for Hunan Guardian’s vision for future development, leading a series of happy Chinese TV cyclones, and also under the leadership of the nuclear leader of the brand.
In June 2004, Hunan Watch became the country's first-ever leader, and the Hunan Guard successfully undertook a series of programme reforms that led to the formation of today's high stability, high loyalty and television channels: “Holly China”, which is being built.
The country’s most dynamic television entertainment brand.
3. Artists of the show: The ring chain that runs through the "Exact Artists + Original Multi-Arts + Home-made Plays + Exploiting Plays" is the chain that runs from the artist to the artist: because of super-girls, the fire of the fast-man show, the artist of the show, in a short period of time, is no less popular and appealing than the old stars.
After the peak, the entertainers will continue to be exposed to the public. From home-made art, home-made dramas, to the chain of selected out-of-the-books: home-made art and home-made dramas saves costs.
(a) Make the budget for external procurement much more generous, raising the chances of success in competing for a few head television dramas;
The chain from the show performer to the home-made play: Hunan Watch sees a group of red performers, so Hunan Watch is able to build another home-made play at a low cost. These home-made plays, although once ill, are constantly gaining high ratings with the support of fans. To some extent, Hunan Watch has a perfect home-made play.
The audience is a fan group of artists, producing fast-cycle and high returns and being a successful business product.4 Intra-business management model: strong back-office support to achieve platform synergies. In 2001, Hunan Watch promoted full-time hiring, column production, column phase-out in its first reform, which was the first to adopt and achieve producers.