CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Weichai Power-A (000338 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
3Q20 profit +37% with improved margin & KION's operation; Upbeat guidance
Target Price
RMB17.90
(Previous TP
RMB16.80)
Up/Downside
+18%
Weichai's 3Q20 net profit came at RMB2.4bn, up 37% YoY. The results are
Current Price
RMB15.13
encouraging as (1) revenue surged 48% YoY which is above expectation, (2)
gross margin rebounded 1.7ppt QoQ which should ease market concerns. We
China Capital Goods
see several positive drivers going forward: (1) Management is confident of
achieving sequential gross margin improvement in 4Q20E; (2) Latest guidance
Wayne Fung, CFA
of KION (KGX GR) offers improved visibility; (3) New business growth is on good
track. We raised our earnings forecast in 2020E-22E by 2-5%, due mainly to
higher sales volume assumptions. Our SOTP is lifted from RMB16.8 to RMB17.9,
after rolling over the base year to 2021E. Maintain BUY.
Stock Data
■ Key highlights on 3Q20 financials. Weichai's revenue surged 48% YoY to
RMB52.9bn. Based on our calculation, Weichai's revenue from core business
(ex-KION) surged 90% YoY to ~RMB36bn, while KION's revenue slightly
dropped 4% YoY to EUR2.07bn. Blended gross margin in 3Q was 19.3%,
Source: Bloomberg
down 3.5ppt YoY but up 1.7ppt QoQ. Weichai maintained good expense
control with SG&A ratio continued to reduce YoY. Net profit grew 37% YoY to
Shareholding Structure
RMB2.4bn. It's worth noting that KION reported adjusted EBIT/net profit of
EUR159mn / EUR82mn in 3Q20, representing a significant recovery from a
net loss of EUR17mn in 2Q20.
■ Engine sales volume +90% YoY in 3Q20. In 3Q20, total engine sales volume
grew 90% YoY to 260k units. Among this, HDT engine surged 100% YoY to
Share Performance
120k units, with market share increasing 2.5ppt YoY and 4ppt QoQ. LDT
engine surged 2x YoY.
New business on good track. In 9M20, large-bore engine, mainly installed
for data centers, grew 30% YoY to 2.5k units. Revenue from hydraulic
Source: Bloomberg
component grew 40% YoY in 9M20.
12-mth Price Performance
■ Positive management guidance: (1) Volume of gas engine model with less
usage of precious metals will further increase in 4Q20E, which will drive gross
margin sequentially; (2) Sales volume of engine to Sinotruk (3808 HK, BUY)
is expected to accelerate; (3) Amid the latest city lockdown in Europe, KION
is still expected to deliver EUR101-181mn of adjusted EBIT in 4Q20E. In
particular, KION's supply chain solutions will continue to benefit from e-
commerce project growth.
Earnings Summary
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: Ernst & Young
Related Reports
China Heavy-duty Truck Sector -
Higher certainty driven by strong
China Construction Machinery &
HDT Sector - Raise industry sales
forecast in 2020E-21E; Solid
Weichai Power (2338 HK, BUY) -
Correction offers buying
opportunity; Diversification
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: CICEIA, CMBIS
Source: CICEA, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Key takeaways from post-results conference call
Sales volume of engines
Total engine sales volume surged 90% YoY to 260k units in 3Q20. In 9M20, total
engine sales grew 35% YoY to 720k units.
HDT engine surged 100% YoY to 120k units in 3Q20. According to management,
market share in 3Q20 gained 2.5ppt YoY and 4ppt QoQ. In 9M20, HDT engine
sales grew 30% YoY to 360k units, accounting 50% of the total engine sales.
LDT engine surged 200% YoY to 85k units in 3Q20. In 9M20, the sales volume
grew >100% YoY.
■ Large-bore engine grew 30% YoY to 2.5k units in 9M20. Revenue reported similar
growth in the period. Order intake in Oct reached 200 units. Management expects
the full year growth to be similar to that in 9M20.
Gross margin
■ Weichai's blended gross margin in 3Q20 improved 1.7ppt QoQ to 19.3%.
According to management, gas engines with less usage of precious metals
launched in mid-Jun has helped improve the gross margin in 3Q20.
In 4Q20E, Weichai will launch more gas engines with lower level of precious metals.
Gross margin is expected to further improve from 3Q20 and return to a level similar
to 1Q20 (around 22.4%).
In the longer term, Weichai is expanding the sales volume of engine in the field of
industrial power (including large-bore engine), agricultural machinery and LDT.
Therefore, the gross margin will be subject to the product mix going forward. In
particular, LDT carries relatively lower margin at present. That said, management
expects a higher industry concentration in the LDT sector. Such potential
improvement of competitive landscape could help Weichai to raise price in future.
KION
KION's latest guidance has already taken in consideration the latest impact of
COVID-19 related city lockdown in Europe.
This new wave of pandemic has less impact on Germany, compared with France
and Italy. Besides, KION has experience in managing the crisis and therefore the
operation is expected to less affected in 4Q20E, compared with 2Q20.
HDT industry outlook
Weichai expects the HDT demand in China to reach 1.5mn units this year. In
2021E. Weichai expects at least 1.2mn units of demand. Weichai is confident of
gaining market share in future.
Weichai's engine sales guidance
■ Weichai expects the production volume of engine in 4Q20E to increase slightly
compared with that in 3Q20. Inventory level is currently less than half month.
Engine installation to Sinotruk increased in 3Q20, with volume reaching the total
sales to Sinotruk in 1H20. The high installation was driven by market demand.
Weichai expects the installation ratio to remain high for the full year.
The implementation of NES VI
National Emission Standard (NES) VI will be effective on 1 Jul 2021. Weichai has
already well-prepared for that in terms of product development.
In particular, Weichai has successfully achieved >50% thermal efficiency for the
commercial diesel engine. This will become a key competitor advantage over the
competitors in future.
Weichai will reduce the production volume of NES V engines in 1H21E in order to
minimize the inventory risk after Jul 2021.
Commercial diesel engine with >50% thermal efficiency
Low fuel consumption (8% lower) and high reliability are the two major advantages
of this new engine.
■ Target models are 10L and 13L. Weichai expects the products will be launched in
late 2020E or early 2021E.
The ASP will be higher than the existing products.
Linde Hydraulics (China)
■ Revenue from Linde Hydraulics (China) reached RMB350mn in 9M20, up 40%
YoY. In 3Q20, revenue surged 100% YoY.
■ Currently, XCMG (000425 CH) and Shantui (山重建机) are the major customers.
Linde is also increasing the sales to Zoomlion (1157 HK, 000157 CH, BUY),
Lonking (3339 HK, SELL) and Liugong (000528 CH, NR).
Low oil consumption and good shock absorption are the two major advantages of
Linde's hydraulic products.
Linde has been increasing the in-house production of components, which will help
reduce cost in future.
Linde is focusing on excavator at present. It is expected that Linde's hydraulic parts
and engines will be installed for several thousand of excavators this year.
Management expects strong growth in terms of volume and profit margin in 2021E.
Fuel cell battery
The latest policy released by MIIT is positive to the fuel cell battery industry
development. Weichai expects rapid growth over the coming 3-5 years.
Weichai has already sold fuel cell products for 200-300 units of commercial
vehicles.
Going forward, Weichai will launch fuel cell battery products for trucks. Trial
operation is planned.
Figure 6: Change in key assumptions
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIS estimates
Risk factors: (1) Unexpected slowdown of HDT and engine demand; (2) further
downside risk on KION business; (3) risk of new business.
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or
qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA
Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report
is intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing
to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.