The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry is over-expected, driving the company through the season of Jodji I. Events: the company published a quarterly report in 2017.
In the first quarter of 2017, the company achieved sales revenue of $741 million, an increase of 15.26 per cent over the same year; in the same year, the increase of 15.16 per cent was better than expected.
The net profit of the mother is now $144 million, an increase of 17.17 per cent in the same year. If real estate performance falls significantly in the same year, as a result of the closing of the estate operations during the first quarter of the year, the company’s income from the pharmaceutical plate increases by 49.42 per cent in the same year, the net profit increases by 68.18 per cent, and the pharmaceutical business is better than expected.
The Golden Race pharmaceutical industry remains a major driver of corporate performance growth. In 2016, the gold race expanded the sales force, expanding simultaneously in the paediatric and non-peed fields, and gradually sunk the channel through a model of self-built sales teams working with distributors, laying the foundation for opening doors in 2017.
In the first quarter of 2017, sales of growth hormones, long-acting growth hormones, and reorganisation of humans and ovarian hormones grew rapidly, with a 50% increase in revenue projected for the same year and a net profit increase in the 100-gram biological and Chinese medicine industry. 100-gram organisms survived the 2016 epidemic.
After the impact of the Sapling incident, income grew again, and its subsidiary, the q1 Real Estate Project, was the main cause of the q1 Property Project, whose improved production process has shown significant success and will gradually contribute to the profits.
The failure to reach the settlement period has led to a decline in revenues and profits on a year-on-year basis, without affecting sales expectations throughout the year. Driven by such factors as the downfall of channels and the rising share of new products, it has been able to sustain high growth and continue to contribute to the company’s profits; and 100 grams of organisms have gradually returned to domestic sales after the “vaccine incident.”
At the same time, after the completion of the restructuring of the bioproducer process, it is hoped that the company will make a profit out of the loss. Therefore, we maintain the “uptake” rating of the company.
"Assessment of Long Spring and New Year 2016: The Golden Race Medicines industry maintains a high-speed system and the gold race medicine industry channels sink and product spread below expectations; new items are on the market less than expected; 100 grams of biohydroxin vaccine exports become a bright spot "
Period: The domestic market for vaccines has recovered and exports have fallen short of expectations.