The growth hormones have been approved for new adaptive conditions and new specifications, and the company will continue to grow at a high rate at the South-West Securities Research Development Centre.
Incident: company announcement subsidiary Kimsai Pharmacy: 1) Obtained a batch of clinical trials on injected acetic acetic aromatics; Growth hormone water needles were approved for clinical trials on child growth disorders caused by ckd and prader-willi syndrome ii. Agree to exempt clinical trials from clinical trials to increase the lack of genes due to noonan syndrome and shox
The growth hormone adaptive disorder caused by the fall; 3) the growth hormone pollinator has been approved with an exclusive standard of 12 iu. The growth hormone adaptive disorder has been enriched, and the most powerful growth hormone product ladder in the world has become more active.
Child growth hormone deficiency, burn symptoms and growth hormone deficiency due to hypothalamus-trilla disease, taner syndrome, adult ghd, chronic kidney insufficiency six. The company has the largest number of noonan syndromes and shox genetic defects in the country, based on the approval of adaptive disorders and the approval of clinical trials.
The resulting incidence of developmental disorders in children is 1/2000 and 1/1000, respectively. The company is the first in the country to grow hormonal taps, with a powdered needle type, the first in Asia, and the first in the world to produce a single parent effect, forming the world's strongest growth hormone product ladder with low-, medium- and high-level combinations.
With the approval of new adaptive conditions and new exclusive specifications, corporate growth hormones are expected to develop further. Long-acting amolysis is expected to be the first to become a 300-50 million grade variety.
Symptoms and signs associated with pancreatic insulin tumors in the gastrointestinal system. Injecting the acetic apricot microballs to the effect of avocados, with the exception of the gold-tracking industry, where companies have not yet declared, we believe that the company is expected to achieve the first model. According to pdb data, in 2016, the market for the sample hospital, Otraquin, was 573 million yuan, with a combined growth rate of nearly five years.
Up to 21.2%, the size of the country's market is expected to be about 2.5 billion yuan, of which the single Novartis market for long-acting microballs is only 7%, and the bulk of this market is over $10,000 and not covered by health insurance claims. If the national production of the Orthopaedic microball is on the market, we expect the price to be more pro-people and hopefully short-acting orthopaedic.
The market for microball formulations, we believe, is expected to grow to 300-50 million grade varieties when the product is marketed, and the innovation product is driven by high and sustained performance. The company is an innovation-driven enterprise with a high annual growth rate of over 30% and a rising share of revenue.
The growth hormones and ovarian hormones, among others, are growing up with high performance. The long-acting type is in its early stages and is likely to grow into a 1 billion yuan variety in the future. The ovarian hormone market model is expected to be no less than 3 billion yuan in 2016, and is expected to be sustained as infertility continues to rise and second-born policies are liberalized.
With a higher price advantage, a higher level of technology than domestic products, and a significant competitive advantage, it is expected that they will be released quickly. With higher rates of industrial Maori and net profitability, companies will continue to grow at a high rate, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Biopharmaceutical performance (2017-04-24) Pharmacy performance (2017-02-28) Growth hormones: Nationally approved growth hormone adaptations are mainly child growth hormone deficiency, burns and hypothalamus
-Turner deficiency, taner syndrome, adult ghd, chronic kidney failure, and the US fda approved 11 growth hormone adaptive disorders. So far, Ansuemé of Encobia and Jinsel's Jane have received adaptation packages such as taner syndrome and adult ghd, respectively, and the gold-spill industry has conducted clinical trials on adaptive disorders.
In terms of the approval of adaptive conditions and in clinical trials, companies are the largest in the country, with new Noonan syndromes and shox genetic defects causing the incidence of developmental disorders in children at 1/2000 and 1/1000, respectively. As new symptoms are approved, the domestic growth hormone market space is expected to expand on a projected basis.
Orchopaedic: an artificially synthesized eight cylindrical compound with effects similar to those of natural internal growth inhibitors, which are growth inhibitors similar, but have a strong and long-lasting half-life of 30 times longer than natural inhibitors. Majorly used to mitigate symptoms and signs associated with insulin tumours in the functioning gastrointestinal tract, such as the treatment of arterial fractures and the treatment and prevention of acute pancreatic inflammation.
In 2016, according to pdb, the hospital market was 573 million yuan, with a compound growth rate of 21.2 per cent in the last five years, and is expected to be about 2.5 billion yuan in the national market, of which the single Novartis market for long-acting microball formulations was only 7 per cent, with a major part of the price being equal to the price of the long-acting microballs.
If the country’s national production is on the market, we expect prices to be more pro-people, with the prospect of taking advantage of the short-acting microball market, which we believe is expected to grow to 300-50 million grade varieties.
No direct or indirect compensation will be awarded for no, and not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.