New specifications for growth hormones and adaptive disorders, determination of future high growth, assessment of events in the long spring (000661.sz) and the long spring (000661).
On June 13, the company issued an announcement: (1) a new 12 iu specification for growth hormone powders; (2) a continuous push for new adaptive development for water pins: pw syndrome and chronic renal diseases
(ckd) Adaptive treatment is approved into the iii clinical trial and is exempted from clinical trials to increase developmental disorders in children due to noonan syndrome and shox genetic defects; (3) injection with acetic aromatic microballs is approved for clinical purposes.
2. Our analysis and diagnosis: (i) new adaptive conditions for growth hormone needles, determination of future high growth
The development of new adaptive development of growth hormone water needles has advanced rapidly, and the exemption from clinical approval has helped to develop a growth hormone adaptation, (1) the exemption from clinical trials for new noonan syndromes and shox defects.
Homeobox (genetic defects caused by mutations in the X chromosomes of the short homologue box, diseases with a small size as the main symptoms. The study showed that the shox genetic deficiency rate was 1 5000-1/2000 for the total population, and 1 150-1/40 for the smaller body population, converted to smallerness.
Noonan syndrome is a multi-genetic congenital malformation, often with a special face, a small body, an intellectual development disorder, and a sexually impaired development accompanied by congenital heart disease, bone development.
Unusually, the incidence rate in newborns is 1.2500-1/1000, of which the smaller body ratio is 50-70%, converted to 0.67%-1.67% compared to the smaller disease. (2) pw syndrome and ckd adaptive disorder enter the iii clinical stage. Prader-willi syndrome was the first to be confirmed in relation to the genome.
Genetic diseases are marked in connection with the missing q11-q13 fragments of chromosome No. 15, with a prevalence rate of about 1/22000-1/10000 reported from abroad, 12.9% of which is characterized by low body size, which translates into 0.02-0.04% relative to that of dwarves.
Kidneydisese) refers to the irreversible decline in kidney function and the progressive development to end-of-life renal disease.
2.2017-03-01 Long Spring High New Year Report: Vaccines performed better than expected, biopharmaceuticals sailed on 10,000, and ckd seriously affected the height of children, with 0.06-0.19 per cent discounted as a smaller cause of disease than Dwarfs.
We think that corporate growth hormone performance will continue to grow at a high rate: (1) new adaptive conditions are advancing rapidly and research and development costs can be achieved.
Control, verify safe properties. Although the noonan syndrome, shox genetic defects, ckd and pw syndromes account for a relatively low distribution of causes of childhood diseases in the short run, which together account for no more than 5% of the total, four adaptive disorders were approved for rapid entry into iii beds or for exemption from clinical trials, not only effectively controlling the cost of research and development, but more effectively proving their safety attributes. (2) No and No.
German growth hormone water needles are subject to bidding, academic extension and product prices, with limited impact on companies in the short term. Although the No and Nord water pins have been approved for entry into the Chinese market, they are still subject to the process of provincial tendering, re-arrangement of hospital sales, etc.; and foreign companies have limited academic outreach capacity in the country, and the prices of the products are not low.
At this stage, the company’s growth hormone performance is largely based on needle-type contributions, and given the company’s layout advantages in paediatric sales channels, the advantages of academic extension, and well-developed growth hormone product lines, the future growth hormones will maintain (ii) the approval of large-scale powdered needles to consolidate competitive advantages.
Large-scale powder needles will be approved to fill the gap and consolidate the competitive advantage. Because of the large difference between the annual cost of growth hormone needles and water needles (16-25,000 yuan/year vs. 4.5-67,000 yuan/year), the price is the main competitive factor in the pink market, and the larger the unit price of the product is the product.
The lower the price, the easier it is to take over the market. At present, Anco biology's needles have a 16 iu specification, which is higher than that of other companies. By comparing the winning price in the provinces, we found that Anco's 16 iu needles had a low price: AncoB's 16 iu needles received an average price of 235 won (US$14.7/iu) and the average price of the 10 Quantities was 150 won (US$15/iu).
The winning average price of the 10iu powder needle in Kinsai is $156 (equivalent to $15.6/iu). According to our opinion, the golden pollen pin won the purchase of drugs in Fujian province with an absolute advantage and the price was better maintained (four specifications entered the purchase catalogue, contesting only the Heiji 2.5iu specifications entered), it is known that the gold pollinator itself has high-quality attributes and describes the company.
Local tenders are well prepared. This 12 iu-sized powder needle was approved, although it is still slightly less than Anke, but it will fill the gap in the company's large pink needle specifications, thus consolidating the competitive edge of the pollen market. (iii) Autumn microball was approved for clinical treatment, and the domestic import substitution space is huge.
Olympus microballs are a variety of potentials, and there is room for import substitution in the country. Orcupine is an original research product of Novartis Sands, listed in 1987 with the approval of fda and in 1994 in China. Orcupine has a similar effect to natural internal growth inhibitors, has a strong and lasting effect, and is used mainly for the treatment of emergency digestive ulcers and haemorrhage, heavy acute pancreatic infestation, digestion.
According to the pdb database, in 2016, Otrapone achieved a sales income of $431 million at the sample hospital, the domestic market was dominated by imported products, with Novartis accounting for about 75.3% of the market share, and the gold race was only 1.7%.
Upon enquiry, the average price of the product’s 30mg specification was $12157 and the 20mg specification was $8915, and the gold-spill industry alone has now obtained cfda’s approval to conduct a clinical trial study on octopus microballs. Global data show that recent years in Novartis have kept revenues from the sale of octopus microballs at around $1.6 billion.
Domestic market sales are growing faster, with pdb accounting for nearly $28 million in 2015 and $46 million in 2016 for sales in sample hospitals. We believe that companies have a technological advantage in long-acting-type research and development, and have experience in import substitution, and that if Otricorn is successfully listed, it is likely that it will take up its share of the market for imported products.
The company is the domestic leader of biopharmaceuticals, and we believe that the performance of genetic engineering medicines can be maintained at a high rate: the addition of new varieties of growth hormone needles and large specifications will help to consolidate competitive advantages; the advantage of water needle channels is evident, and research and development of new adaptive disorders will move forward rapidly, contributing to the further release of products; and the long-acting monolithic type, with the expansion of iv clinical completion and distribution channels, will boost the growth of products.
Reorganizing human-induced ovarian hormones to fill the national production gap and hopefully achieve import substitution. The vaccine business is about to enter a new phase of development: the water pox vaccine is moving to an international market, and rabies vaccine will be lost through process modification and agent upgrading. Medium-yielding performance has the potential to overcome the negative effects of industrial policies and achieve a small increase. The company’s real estate business will also continue to grow steadily.
Long-acting growth hormone iv clinical failure, restructuring of human ovarian hormone market failure, vaccine safety risks and policy risks, and research and development of new medicines have fallen short of expectations.