The pharmaceutical business is better than expected, keeping an eye on the future.
The company ' s first quarter medical operations were better than expected: overall income increased by 49.4 per cent over the year, and provided information for the preparation of the present report.
In terms of profit growth of 68.2 per cent over the same period, based on the split of subsidiaries, we estimate that the gold racing pharmaceutical industry has grown by nearly 60 per cent and net profit by nearly 80 per cent, owing to an increase in the use of drugs during the winter break and lower expenditure on research and development; the 100-gram biobanking has increased by 55 per cent and net profit by 20 per cent, as a result of a 20 per cent reduction in net profit.
The price of the vaccine has shifted from low to high after the poison vaccine incident; the market reforms in the Huacon pharmaceutical industry have been effective, with a rise of about 20% in revenue and a net gain of about 80%, due to a smaller base during the same period last year. However, real estate projects have not reached a settlement period during the reporting period, resulting in corporate revenue collection.
On the financial side, sales costs increased by $110 million (+62.9 per cent) on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of income growth in pharmaceutical companies during the reporting period; investment returns increased by $8.69 million on a year-on-year basis.
(+51159.5 per cent), mainly due to increased returns on property during the reporting period; an increase of $434 million (+64.2 per cent) in inventory, mainly due to the investment of land in cooperative projects by affiliated real estate companies; (i) a new three boards of gold medals still remain uncertain, but with a shadow of performance
Despite the uncertainty that remains about the new 3rd board in Kinsey, it will not have a major impact on the company’s performance. The announcement of 15 March 2017 that the new 3rd board will be considered at the annual stockholders’ meeting, followed by the announcement of 31 March that it will be cancelled, causing market panic, and everyone will be happy with it.
Worrying about the lack of motivation for the Kinseys to continue to do their best. We judge that, despite the new three-boarding assessment of the Golden Races: 1.207-01-25 High Springs: There are still uncertainties about accelerated growth, but it will not affect their productive activities, with a quarterly report of performance.
Prophylactic taps 2.2017-03-01, the New Year's Report: the vaccine is better than our judgment. Given the seasonal fluctuations, we believe that the company industry was in 2017.
It is expected that the biopharmaceutical tap will rise by more than 35%, mainly due to channeled advantages of the water needle type.
In spite of the fact that No and Nord water needles were approved for domestic listing during the reporting period, we do not think that there is any leverage on the sale of company products as compared to Kinsai, and that the performance of the gold bunkers will continue to grow as long-acting agent iv clinical completions, sales team expansion and market coverage expands.
(ii) Growth hormones won in pharmaceutical purchases in Fujian province, highlighting competitive advantages. Corporate growth hormone products won in absolute advantage in drug purchases in Fujian province during the reporting period. According to the joint solar purchase catalogue of pharmaceutical prices published by Fujian province in March 2017 (first batch) and the maximum sales price and medical support for health insurance
Notice of payment of the settlement price indicates that the Golden Race drug industry’s growth hormone series of products won an absolute advantage: (1) the long-acting agent type enters the range of acquisition, the price is better maintained, and the high-quality properties are validated. According to the notice, the maximum selling price for the long-acting type and the health insurance premium are $5,600 and $3920, respectively, with 70% reimbursement.
There are only four specifications (2.5iu, 4iu, 4.5iu and 10iu) entered the procurement catalogue for the dry powder type, and the competitor has only one product with 2.5iu specifications in Shanghai, with a 100% reimbursement rate.
It is well known that the firm’s growth hormone products are competitively competitive and price-maintaining, not only by validating the product’s own high-quality attributes, but also by confirming that the company is well-prepared for local bidding, but also by providing a model for the product’s entry into other provincial cities and cities.
Figure 1. Corporate growth hormone long-acting model winning prices in selected provinces and municipalities ($) (iii) Reorganizer-promoting ovarian hormone bidding continues; Reorganizer-promoting ovarian hormone bidding continued in an orderly manner during the reporting period. The domestic market for ovarian hormones is concentrated on specialist support.
Reproductive support hospital, reorganizer of the Golden Pharmacy industry, which was approved for listing in May 2015, is currently actively participating in the provincial and municipal bid, with an average price of about $230 (0.5 μg specification), slightly below the same product of the same order of Shelano (approximately $254), which has not yet been sold through self-employment and proxy mergers. We believe that this year will be the year in which the reorganizer bid for ovarian hormones will be launched.
Figure 2: Progress in bidding for ovarian hormones by reorganisation of the company: (iv) Continued improvement in vaccine operations and acceleration of release on the international market. Corporate vaccine operations are entering a new phase of development.
In the past year, when the vaccine industry as a whole was negatively affected, the bulk issuance of vaccine products dropped well. In the market as a whole, we judge that the company’s vaccine operations will continue to improve in the future: (a) the vaccine has accelerated on the international market.
The company has completed the registration process in India, Nigeria, and is in the process of registering in Guatemala, Bangladesh, Turkey, Thailand, among others, and is expected to achieve further release through the international market in the future; (2) the completion of the process of overhauling the rabies virus seedlings, which will be significantly reduced in 2017.
It is expected that the product market will recover gradually, with the influenza vaccine expected in 2017 under iii clinical trials, probably completed in 2017. The company will work to ensure the successful passage of the circulars, including product declarations, and the simultaneous construction of new workshops to ensure that the inflammation vaccine and the morning city will fill the domestic influenza vaccine nose spray.
The company is the domestic leader of biopharmaceuticals, and we believe that genetic engineering drug performance can continue to grow at a high rate: the advantage of growth hormone water needles is clear; the long-activity is unique, and the expansion of iv clinical completion and distribution channels will boost higher product growth.
The vaccine business is about to enter a new phase: the phoenix vaccine is moving to the international market, and the rabies vaccine will be financed through process modification and agent-type upgrading. The Chinese pharmaceutical performance is expected to overcome the industry by 3.7.4.6.5.8 yuan per year and the pe by 31/24/19 times.
Long-acting growth hormone iv clinical failure, restructuring of human ovarian hormone market failure, vaccine safety risks and policy risks, and research and development of new medicines have fallen short of expectations.