On August 30, 2023, q2 profits grew rapidly and organizational change looked long-term.
Events: The company published its semi-annual report for 2023. During the reporting period, the company achieved a slight increase in the rate of harvest of Chen Baiu, an improvement in the rate of cost and an increase in the rate of net interest.
Over the reporting period, the company ' s combined Māori rate was 31.52%, an increase of 0.22 pct over the same period.
Space is the entry point for accelerating the expansion of stock demand markets through the advancement of old and old product packages and the rapid exchange of new services at the end of the pipeline, as well as the continuous deepening of the overall distribution of channels and a slight decline in distribution channels.
At the end of the reporting period, companies maintained control of business risks and actively expanded their diversified business models, including in the areas of public provisioning, with 1,485 million yuan collected during the reporting period, an increase of 8.42 per cent over the same period.
During the reporting period, the company is expected to gather around 1.3 billion yuan, actively promoting the restructuring of the marketing structure and its own revolutionary vision of a long-term layout. Since April 2023, the company has been promoting the restructuring of the marketing system and the Department of Marketing of Goods.
The reform will break down the barriers between categories of goods, provide a basis for cross-cutting integration, and optimize the corporate management system and improve the efficiency of business decision-making.
At the end of the reporting period, all aspects of corporate reform were rapidly adjusted and future corporate investment will be driven.
I am committed to presenting this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.