The profit margin of 23q2 is impressive and the system continues to overlap Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) of high-quality closets and accessories, increase of Camp 23q2 of the Bathhouse Gate, reform and increase of channel outreach support
The positive effects of the restructuring of the 23q2 marketing system are gradually being realized, with the release of new major business needs. 1) The closets and accessories will receive $5,430 million from the 23h1 battalion, with a steady recovery and custom order-led growth; 2) kitchens, guard baths, wooden gates will receive 30.72,
In the month, O'Phone introduced a home-wide custom-made package of 1+n on the main door wall. In a separate channel, the company changed its business thinking, and the new business needs were released. 23q2 sales, bulk business, straight channels, as of the end of 2023h1, there were 2358, 2370, 700 Europa kitchens, closets and bathhouses, respectively.
The short-term volatility of shops is due mainly to end-of-door optimization as a result of the restructuring of the marketing system. In addition, 23H1 has accelerated the build-up, with a steady increase in the collection of plastic channels.
• There is still room for efficiency gains with a significant improvement in the Māori ratio of the 23q2 main, straight-line channel and a combination delivery model and organizational optimization. The Māori ratio of 23h1 companies is 31.52 per cent, compared with +0.22 pcts, 23q2 gross.
23q2 kitchen cabinets, closets and accessories, sanitary baths, 30.82% Māori at the wooden gate, 36.97%, and increased branding due to corporate reversibility. As of the end of 23h1, pre-receipt payments were $298 million.
The result is that the whole thing is constantly released, the Europeans and the Ponnis are moving fast, and there's a steady increase in the volume of contractual debt, and the company's branding is increasing in reverse, from layout to volume at the front flow entrance.
The Ministry's middle-level and upper-middle-level cadres are heavily divided into regional marketing departments, product integration and business efficiency, and there is a steady increase in the growth of 2.22q4 income and a marked improvement in profitability.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.