q2 with a good profit and a 699 set of meals at the top of the table: Europa's semi-annual report, 984.3 million yuan in operating income in the first half of 2023, 1.55 per cent more than in the same year, 1,133 million yuan net profit for the mother, 11.22 per cent more than in the same year, and non-repatriation.
The net profit is 1,071 million yuan, an increase of 9.22 per cent over the same period. Company q2 achieved $6,273 million in operating income, organizational changes, gradual movement, and the garments-leading industry. In the first half of the year, the company was faced with a complex and volatile external business environment, and it worked on the strategy of living together, organizing it in April.
By the end of the six-month period, the management structures, jobs, incentives, performance appraisals and so forth have been rapidly adjusted and the positive effects of these reforms are expected to be gradually reflected in the development of a marketing structure that is consistent with the business model for all.
It's in business. See h1 cabinets, closets and furniture products, baths, wooden doors, income of $3.072 billion, $5.43 billion, $460 million and $576 million, respectively, with direct, distribution, bulk, and other sources of income of $285 million, respectively.
Process; as of the first half of the year, the number of cabinets, closets, O'Pholy, O'Phoi baths, O'Phoni Gates were 2358, 2370, 1079, 700, 1025 respectively, representing a net change from the beginning of the year1 and Europa Homes (603833): organizational adjustments
In the first half of the year, the downswings proved to be remarkable, with q2 making good profits. 1) With regard to the Maori ratio, h1 has been furthered by a strategy of bottom valuation focusing on the opportunities for configuration. 2 Euroside Homes (603833): Repurchase startup.
3- Europa (603833): Retail brightness The first half of a company sold, managed, R & D, financial costs were 9.0 per cent, 6.4 per cent, 4.5 per cent, and the decrease was mainly due to interest income increases. 3) On net profit, h1 was the net profit of 1.133 billion yuan.
This represents an increase of 11.22 per cent in the same year and a net interest rate of 11.51 per cent in the same year +1.0 pct. In the first half of the year, the company achieved a cash flow of 2.1 billion yuan, or 121 per cent, mainly for the sale of goods and the provision of labour.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Euro-based leaders in innovation and innovation in business models ahead of the first half of the year, with a fast grinding of models, the launch of the Fiskal Series 699 inclusive package in September, further expanding the client base, and accelerated long-term strategy for industry adjustment.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Li Hong Peng, Master of Economics, seven young workers with experience in the manufacturing industry, was awarded the New Wealth, Gold Cow Award, Crystal Ball Light Paper Industry 4nd, 2nd, 3rd, Gold Cow Award 2018-2020.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.