Lancets and Technology (300433) has achieved operating income of 9.839 billion yuan per quarter, or 5.41 per cent of the year; net profit on maternity is 65 million yuan, or 115.69 per cent of the year; net profit on deductions - 16 million yuan, or 96.34 per cent of the year.
In 2022, with macroeconomic pressure, the company’s fundamentals showed greater resilience.
A positive trend, with a year-on-year increase in net return to the mother. After entering 2023q1, short-term pressures in the consumer electronics and new energy sectors remained unreleased, owing to factors such as overseas inflation, but corporate revenues grew by 5.41 per cent on a year-on-year basis, resulting in a significant improvement in net return to the mother, confirming the company’s fundamental resilience.
The company is an important provider of a customer, and has brought glass screens to high heights for the first time with strong technological and innovative capabilities.
An end-of-life smartphone and tablet computer, for the first time, uses such materials as ceramics and sapphires for smart terminals. By combining them, the department has diversified its product end-of-product systems in terms of mobile phones, wearables, ar/vr, etc.
The business of the new energy automobiles releases dynamism and is expected to continue to grow in performance.
In the area of vehicles, the rolling stock of electronic glass, front glass, control screens, b-walls, dashboards, rear-view mirrors and navigational devices, in close collaboration with Tesla, Mercedes, Popular, Ideas, Little Peng, Baer, Biadi, etc., is expected to import new customers and products on a continuous basis in 2023.
The efficiency measures have been significant, and the level of profitability has improved significantly. In 2022, the company’s profitability was regulated, while the process, the production line layout and the use of network automation to upgrade its products were optimized.
The efficiency of rates and production lines, and measures such as upgrading the automation of production lines, have also yielded good results.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City, M.A., Graduated from the University of Florida, United States of America, with a Master of Electronic Engineering, in 2012-2022, on securities studies in the Yangtze River, directed towards semiconductor equipment, semiconductor materials, integrated circuit design.
In August, he joined the New China Securities Electronics Group in November 2022, looking at optical, consumer electronics, automobile electronics, etc. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.