High score, counter-cyclical, long-range fossil energy taps, Yellow Sea Tzu, our integrated coal industry leader, with a variety of advantages passing through the cycle: the Chinese God.
The company is growing in size and actively integrates high-quality coal, electricity, transport, etc.
Source: Establishment of an industrial authority based on the coal industry, supported by the electricity transport downstream industry. Companies lock in coal sales and sales through high-scale long-term coal orders, build low-cost advantages from large-scale and high-scale open-air coal production, and secure profitable water for coal operations.
Ping, on the other hand, the company’s coal power industry has been integrated in a way that is more resistant to cyclicality and that guarantees the company’s long-term sound performance.
On the other hand, the company's average capacity for single-mine production is tens of millions of tons, its capacity is extremely high, while open-air coal mining accounts for about 40 per cent of the total, giving companies an advantage over the cost of own coal production, and production costs hover over $130 per ton per year, ranking among the top four coal companies; coal sales are public.
The Division implements three pricing mechanisms, namely the Annual Association of Governors, the Monthly Association of Governors and the spot, in which it sells more than 80% of coal, reduces the impact of spot price fluctuations on coal and improves the profitability of the Division.
In terms of transport, the company has widely organized its own network of rail lines, together with self-employed ones.
Ports and shipping operations together form an integrated coal transport network, with companies focusing on the "Zanxi-Shanxi-Sinmon" around the core production area, which has 10 railway lines, such as the Sandshake, the Scholl and the Pagoda Railways, and which have their own free control over the prices of railways and low prices.
Short distances, integration of production and reduced transport costs for corporate coal. \triangleright Risk factor: economic recovery is not as high as expected and annual COA benchmark prices are revised downwards
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd., the world's leading integrated energy listing company, China Shinhua Energy Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company” or “China Shinhua”) is the National Energy Group.
The central component of integrated operations is China’s Senghua, the world’s leading coal-based integrated energy division, and the largest coal production and marketing enterprise in the country. Companies operate mainly in coal, electricity, railways, ports, shipping, coal-chemicals, with coal extractive industries as their starting point, using their own transport and distribution networks.
And downstream electricity and coal industries, promoting vertically integrated models of development across industry and industry, increasing production concentration, adding value to products, and creating economies of scale. According to the company ' s third quarterly report in 2020, companies are owned by the state.