Researchchand developmentcenter, Chinese god Huavs Yangtze Power
The Chinese godship values are rediscovered.
China’s energy industry is the leader of China’s energy sector, even though two companies, China’s energy power sector, is the largest source of energy.
There are some differences in energy categories, duration of operations, share of the red, but China’s gods have demonstrated sustainable business attributes due to their resource endowments, integrated business models, pricing modalities, capital spending cycles, etc., as well as stability and certainty of future profits, making them connected with Yangtze power.
The power is somewhat similar and comparable, yet the former, in terms of the size of the revenue and net profit, is even much higher than the Yangtze electricity, but is clearly lower than the Yangtze electricity in terms of total market value, absolute valuation, relative valuation, etc.
Business models: Company attributes, industry status, product pricing patterns, growth patterns are clearly similar. 1) Company and industry affiliation status: Senghua and Yangtze power in China are co-owned by the State Treasury, and both companies are in the same traditional energy sector and are at the forefront of the industry; 2) industrial chains:
China’s Senghua is integrated with coal circuits, while Yangtze power is focused on a single business model for hydroelectric power generation; 3) product pricing: both products are subject to government influence with relatively small price fluctuations; 4) operating for longer periods (more than 100 years) and China’s Senghua static operation
Relatively short (about 30 years); 5) growth: both companies have growth points in each of their business plates, and their controlling shareholders have larger assets to inject into space that can give more growth to listed companies. China’s God and Yangtze electricity varies in terms of industrial chains and operating terms.
There is a clear similarity in corporate attributes, industry status, product-pricing models, growth patterns, etc. Operating conditions: China’s total revenue and profits are much larger than the Yangtze electricity and will in the future converge with the profitability and stability of the Yangtze power supply period.
Yun: The Yangtze electric profits have grown better, and China’s Shunhua camp harvests are much larger than the Yangtze electricity, falling in the last month’s increase and decline (%). The mother’s net profits have been about twice as high as the Yangtze electricity for almost three years; 2) capital expenditure and depreciation & amortization:
The country is larger and higher than ever, and the Yangtze power is smaller and more volatile; 3) the share of the circulation a (%) the net cash flow versus the free cash flow of equity: China is larger and the Yangtze power is growing faster; 4)
roe: China has an excellent turnover of assets and a higher interest rate and equity multiplier for power sales in Yangtze; 5) cash-sharing policy and dividends rate: the share of cash in electricity in Yangtze is higher, the share of China is higher, and dividends are higher.
Looking ahead for the next 5 to 10 years, the stability and certainty of operating income and net return on maternity, after China’s capital expenditure has stabilized on a low scale, without taking into account factors such as asset injections and the commissioning of new mines, is expected to be further demonstrated, or will result in a more substantial return on dividends.
Comparison of valuations: In both absolute and relative terms, China’s gods are at a relatively significantly undervalued level, and there is greater scope for future valuations. 1) ddm valuation: ddm valuation perspective, the market gives the Yangtze electricity a relatively higher valuation premium. 2) dcf valuation: China’s gods
The difference between the absolute valuation of Yangtze power stems from the difference between the operating period, the expected rate of remuneration, and the assumption of cash flow. China’s cash flow is excellent, while Yangtze power is excellent in terms of the duration of operations and the expected rate of remuneration.
Valuation: China’s Shenhua has a relatively volatile valuation. The average value of pe (ttm) since China’s Shenghua stock was listed is 15.17, lower than the value of 19.08 for Yangtze electricity; pb (mrq) has an average value of 2.50, which is roughly the same as the value of Yangtze electricity (2.44). However, for the last three years, Yangtuan electric pe and pb have been China’s gods.
Two, two, two, two and a half times as much as Sinda Securities Inc., and the relative valuation of China's gods is significantly lower than that of Yangtze Power.)ev/fcff, cindasecuitiesco., Ltd.
ev/ebitda values: From the point of view of corporate value over free cash flows, there is a clear underestimation of the power of the Yangtze in China compared to the power of the 9th House of the West Side Street in Beijing City. From the point of view of the ev/ebitda, Yangtze power has long been higher than the power of China.
Moreover, the gap between the 2018-2020 valuations has widened (the annual average difference between Yangtze electricity and China’s God China v/ebitda is 5.85/7.12/8.77, respectively), showing also that there is a clear underestimation of the value of China’s God China’s valuation.
A different view from the market: China’s power supply is generally considered to be not comparable to that of Yangtze, but we have found many similarities between the two companies in terms of business model, business status, and valuation. By comparison, we believe that China’s future growth, stability, certainty, and, in particular, the future growth of China’s gods and China’s performance.
It is a value such as cash attributes that will be further recognized by the market, leading to the restoration, upgrading, and revaluation of the company’s valuations. The franchise for China’s gods gives a high degree of certainty and stability in business performance, and
The growth of the integrated operating blocks can release sufficient upward elasticity to maintain the “buy-in” rating Risk factors: coal mining can release limited capacity, the pace of production of the big yellow railway is slowing, tax uncertainties for large western developments, capital expenditure and the risk of cash dividends, stock buybacks are not as high as expected, and coal prices are low
Business model 1. Corporate background: China’s Shunhua and Yangtze electricity co-owned by the State Treasury Board, China’s Senghua was formerly a company affiliated with China’s China China China Energy Corporation.
[1995] National Planning Commission for Recovery, document No. 75, agreed to form a “Small Group Limited Responsibility” based on China Energy Coal.