An integrated component, the Big Reserves Overseas, is looking forward to a study of the dynamics of the company Ates.
Founded in 2001 and listed in the United States in 2006, the company provided 90gw solar photovoltaics to more than 2,000 active customers in more than 160 countries worldwide by the end of 2022.
Energy finance has been ranked among global photovoltaic component manufacturers, and companies have always been in the “first tier” of global component manufacturers. In 2020-2022, the company pursued a global branding strategy of “Trail Different” in China and the United States.
Sales agencies have been established in countries and territories in the United States, Germany, the Netherlands, Japan, India, Brazil, Australia, South Africa, with clients in more than 100 countries around the world, and global distribution networks have helped companies to enjoy the growth of global photovoltaic demand.
By the end of 2022, the year of the company's silicon rods/silicon, silicon chips, battery blades and components had seen a significant increase in the level of corporate integration at the end of the year.
The operating income is now $11.8 billion, an increase of 53 per cent over the same period. The company ' s profit level has increased significantly in the first quarter, with the gross profit rate for photovoltaic component operations increasing from 8.77 per cent in the same period last year to 17.64 per cent. The company expects to realize net profits in the first half of 2023.
On the one hand, there is a high degree of integration of the company's flexible supply-side measures and capacity, and on the other hand, there is a certain scale effect of productive investment that drives the Māori rate.
The fund-raising project will further enhance the vertical integration of the company, with the end result that the output ratio of each chain of excellence will be 80 per cent of the output of the component.
Astronomy/stick and sliced production can account for 80% of battery production.  The company's large storage system is operating in a fast-growing period, and the company's controlling shareholder, csiq, formed a storage energy business team in 2018, with a large layout.
The first storage energy project was completed in January 2019. In 2020, the company began to operate the large storage energy system, with revenue from the large storage energy system from 2020 to 2022.
For 0.53, 14.1, 34.2 billion yuan, photovoltaic power plus storage is an important area of application for large storage systems, storage systems and co-distribution channels for photovoltaic components.
Capacity strengths accelerate the development of large-scale storage capacity operations. Global photovoltaic demand is not as high as expected; fund-raising projects are not as fast as expected; stocks are not as well developed as expected; and large-scale systemic risks.
Zhang Chai: Head of the Electrical Equipment Unit, Master of Financial Sciences, Bachelor of Science, University of Nakayama, four years of experience in the securities industry, focusing on the fields of photovoltaics, wind power, storage energy.
Industry research experience, covering photovoltaic and storage energy, Rodito: Master ' s degree in energy and power engineering and finance from the European School of Higher Business, Xian Transport University, in the direction of new energy sources.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.