The center-ring semiconductor large silicon silicon project is progressing well.
Event 1: Central Ring shares were disclosed on July 15 in the Wittwe public, with half-conductor silicon project 8 inches currently yielding 500,000 pieces per month, with an estimated 700,000 pieces per month in 2021; 12 inches per second.
On the eve of the opening of the tcl-Technology Group in August, it was expected to achieve a capacity of 5 to 100,000 m/m in the year, and in 2021 it was realized that in the evening of July 15, the tcl Science and Technology Group issued an announcement that the tcl Science and Technology Group had limited shares to become the final recipient of the tcl mix-up project.
The central ring semiconductor silicon silicon project is progressing well, and orders for the crystals are expected to accelerate.
With the completion of the previous technology development and certification process, 20,000 units per month have been produced, which is desirable to be fully automated. The production line will be open in August, with a capacity of 5 to 100,000 units per month during the year and capacity achieved in 2021, in addition to the approval on 7 July of the Central Ring Growth Project, which proposes to invest 4.5 billion yuan in integrated circuits.
The 8-12 inch semiconductor silicone project, built for three years, produces 750,000 8-inch monthly polishers and 150,000 12-inch monthly polish tablets after delivery. The project is led by the Central Ring Holdings Corporation, which has a central ring core equipment supplier in the Crystal Gear and holds a central ring lead.
10% of the shares, which are expected to be prioritized in the expansion of the Central Ring, are expected to be selected for the crystal-spill equipment. We believe that, as the central semiconductor silicon silicon project moves forward, the crystal-silicon equipment order will accelerate its landing.
The company's client certification progress on 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon is progressing steadily, and the gap between the central ring and the world's top five silicon manufacturing firms is gradually closing; with further energy release, we expect 2020-2021 to be the node for the company's client certification.
Eight inches of silicon: products applied in the areas of power, logic, igbt, Sensor, etc., have been scaled up through certification by a number of domestic and international clients, with further increases in market occupancy in 2020, accompanied by the release of suitable automated production of line capacity.
12 inches of silicon: products applied to power, cis, etc. have entered the incremental phase through multiple customer recognition; 28nm of process technology nodes applied to logic, memory-based copfree products have been developed and the product has been certified on the client end.
The development and evaluation of 19nm crystals has been completed. The crystals engine has a full-line capability of 80% of the 8 inch line, and the big silicon is the most beneficial under the wave of national production.
The whole-line manufacturing capacity is 80%. The crystal-spill power is 80% of the 8 inch line and 12 inches of single-crystal, polisher supply, and close cooperation with domestic owners such as the Central Ring, Research, Kim Ri-chung, Chengzhou, etc. The big silicon plants are the most beneficial under the wave of national production of the big silicon.
We expect that, as the progress of the Central Ringless Project accelerates, the equipment orders for the project will be expected to yield significant benefits in the coming years in the form of crystal-spill power, which will gradually realize the performance of semiconductor equipment. According to 3, Crystal-Spill Power (300316):
Our calculations, based on a neutral assumption, are 60% of the total procurement for the Central Ring Growth Project, with a fixed increase of 5 billion and semiconductor orders corresponding to an annual purchase order of 1.08 billion dollars. We therefore believe that the crystals engine will be used for the next three and a half years.
It is expected that the supply order will be substantially higher than expected. 1, Crystal Gear Power (300316): Performance overall meets expectations, semiconductor material plus loading
1. The Central Ring Semiconductor Silicon Project is progressing well, with orders for crystallized equipment expected to accelerate. As of July 15, with 8 inches, the Central Ring Tianjin and Ixing plants had already achieved 500,000 units/months of capacity, and the Tianjin line had completed its previous technology development and certification in 2021: 12 inches.
Ten thousand a month, in 2021, the capacity of 150,000 a month was achieved. According to the middle-ring winning bid, Ei-Yi-Yi's production capacity and equipment was steadily advanced, and the order was continuously released before the arrival of the project, in addition to the combination of the Chinese shares, which ended on July 15th, and the tcl-Technology Group became the middle-ring conversion through a competitive bid.
The aim was eventually given. After this process, the central cycle was transformed from a state-owned to a private enterprise, and management was more flexible and efficient.
On 7 July, the Central Ring Plus project was approved to invest 4.5 billion yuan in integrated circuits with 8-12 inches of semiconductor silicon, built for three years to produce 750,000 8 inches per month and 150,000 12 inches per month in the post-partum period. The project is being implemented by the Central Ring Holdings Company, which is located at the heart of the crystals system.
We believe that, as the center ring semiconductor silicon silicon project moves forward, orders for crystal silicon equipment will accelerate. 2. The central ring large silicon customer certification is steadily advancing, with expectations for 20-21 years.
According to the Central Ring Public Disclosures, the company's client certification for 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon is progressing steadily, and the gap between the central ring and the top five silicon manufacturing firms is gradually narrowing; with further energy release, we expect 2020-2021 to be the node for the company's clients to verify the harvest.
8 inches of silicon: products applied in areas such as power, logic, igbt, Sensor, have been certified by multiple customers at home and abroad to achieve mass-scale production, with the release of dynamic automated production line capacity in 2020. Market share of 12 inches of silicon: products applied in areas such as power, cis and so on have been increased through multiple customer certification.
Quantities phase; technology node for 28nm-wide process for coopfree products applied to logic, memory has been opened, and the product has been certified on the client side. Research and development and evaluation of 19nm crystals have been completed at the company crystal research and development base.
3. The production of large silicons cannot be delayed, the central ring is expected to lead import substitution, and the demand for large silicons is growing rapidly in advanced production processes.
Silicon in inch, 90 nm or more, is mainly made of silicons of 8 inches or smaller sizes. As the semiconductor system process shrinks, the process of chip production is becoming more complex, production costs are increasing, and cost factors drive silicon silicon towards large scales. So, in the next few years, 12 inches will be the dominant species of semiconductor silicon.
There are only a few businesses in mainland China with the production capacity of 8 inches of semiconductor silicon, of which the Chinese ring has the highest planned production capacity. According to icmtia, the companies involved in silicon material operations in the country are currently mainly Zhejiang, Jinxiang, semiconductor, China Ring, Nanking Sein, Shanghai Xinhua, Hebei Puxim, Kunshan Chue, etc.
As of today, the Central Ring shares had a production capacity of 500,000 8 inches per month, Zhejiang Jin Rui-su had a production capacity of 320,000 8 inches of silicon silica silica per month, and a semiconductor had the capacity to produce 330,000 8 inches per month. The production of 8 inches of silicon silicon per month has somewhat reduced our dependence on imports and made up for it.
Inches of semiconductor silicon are almost entirely import-dependent. In 2018, Sinoosan, a subsidiary of the Silicon Industries Group in Shanghai, was the first company in China to sell 12 inches of silicon on a scale, breaking the 12-inch semiconductor silicon national production rate.
At 0%. At present, 12 inches of silicon in the country has only a small supply capacity in Shanghai and Central Ring shares under the flag of the silicon industry (150,000 units per month, 20,000 units per month) and is still in the client certification phase, and silicon tablets for the 14nm process, which is the subject of the Wassenaar Agreement, are not readily available.
It's very high, and it can't wait to be produced. 4. Transistor power has a full-line capability of 80% of the 8 inch line, and the big silicon is the most produced in the country.
It's 80% strong. The crystals have a full 8-inch line and a 12-inch single-crystal, polisher supply capacity, and it works closely with the major silicon mills in the country, such as the Central Ring, Research, Jin Ruy-chung and Chengzhou.
Figure 5: Transistor full-volatile crystal growth furnaces (tdr 135a-zjs)
Transistor power will benefit significantly from the gradual realization of semiconductor equipment. According to our model, 12 inches of silicon are worth $2.4 billion per 100,000 standard lines (1.68 billion devices), so 12 in 150,000 are $3.6 billion per 100,000 standard lines (2.5 billion equipment investments); 8 inches total standard lines investments per 100,000 units.
Of that amount, 550 million (of which 350 million were invested in equipment), 8 inches 75 million pieces represented a total investment of 4.1 billion yuan (of $2.9 billion invested in equipment); 8 inches + 12 inches combined investment amounted to 7.7 billion dollars, and equipment requirements amounted to 5.4 billion dollars, of which 1.35 billion were used for single crystal furnaces.
In our view, the semiconductor equipment orders for the next three years are expected to be substantially super-marketed. We believe that the crystals engine power, as the backbone of the country’s large silicon equipment, has an 8-inch line of 80% and a 12-inch single-crystal supply capacity, which benefits most from the wave of national production of large silicons; and that a saturation order will support performance growth, half of it.
The gradual cashing of the carrier order will result in a significant increase in profitability and valuation, with the current valuation below expectations for lower-than-expected downstream expansion of semiconductor equipment and below expectations for semiconductor operations.