A review report from the Crystal Gear (300316) company, pushing restrictive stock incentives, sapphire operations, and a review report from the Crystal Gear company.
Two announcements were issued on September 29, 2020: a joint venture with LanthyTech to promote industrial sapphire crystal manufacturing and processing: a restrictive equity incentive scheme for 227 people was proposed to boost high-performance growth certainty
Corporate Restricted Stock Incentives Plan to evaluate corporate performance indicators between 2020 and 2022 in order to circulate market value (millions of dollars): One of the lifting conditions, first, and first, for the year for which the incentive is targeted
Participation has helped to motivate employees, as well as to show confidence in corporate development. Joint ventures with Lanthytech have advanced industrial sapphire manufacturing and processing, and sapphire applications in consumer electronics are increasing as the cost of sapphire materials continues to decline.
The Division has been working for years in the field of sapphire, and now has the leading international technology for the growth of super-sized sapphire crystals, building production capacity from long crystals to grinding slicing. In 2011, Lancet was involved in the field of sapphire, with the capacity to produce and process the entire industrial chain, and it is hoped that this collaboration will be successful.
Share its industry-led resources in the fields of technology, products, size, markets, and help companies deepen their cooperation up and down the industrial chain to deepen the demand for sapphire materials and promote the development of sapphire materials.
A competitive expansion in the photovoltaic sector, large firms plus silicon end, and a relatively high profit margin in the silicon end of the silicon end in the silicon sector, which is now being published by a number of companies, such as Crystal Energy, Crystal Australia Energy, Kyoto Express, and Billion Crystal Photovoltaic Power.
In the course of a smooth period, the company has an advantage in the technical route and cost control of the investment.
Work equipment needs, followed by high orders expected for companies, which, as of the first half of 2020, amounted to $3,801 million in hand orders, including photovoltaic equipment orders.
Three hundred and thirty million yuan and 501 million yuan in semiconductor equipment orders. We expect companies to produce this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner in 2020 and 2022, respectively, as a result of the epidemic, which has resulted in less than anticipated global photovoltaic loads, less than expected downstream demand for semiconductor silicon tablets, and in the author's qualification or considerable professional competence for portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.