On the evening of August 13th, it was announced that approximately $5.8 billion would be invested in the construction of 20gw sheets.
The Jing-a-Tao technology extension 20gw monochrystal project, which directly benefited the single crystal dragon, was signed on August 13 by the People's Government of the City of Kucing and the Jing-a-Chao Solar Company.
Close the deal, with plans to invest about $5.8 billion in a 20gw monocrystal puller and slice project.
With the strength of its products, companies have accumulated better customer resources, and have established long-term and in-depth partnerships with a number of industry leaders, such as China Ring, Crystal Energy, and Crystal Technologies.
With a share of 90 per cent, the city as a whole accounted for about 50-60 per cent and a major supply of billions of dollars in the industry, this large-scale expansion of crystals is expected to bring significant equipment purchase orders for crystals and power, contributing to higher-than-expected performance growth.
On August 10, the IDB announced that the PHP 2020 project has reached 3,305,000 kilowatts (kW) of installed computers, which are expected to be installed at a flat price.
In order to win subsidies, q4 grabs will continue to produce large-scale new loaders. We expect 125gw more installed worldwide and 45gw more installed domestically by 2020.
The price-free access project will boost the demand for silicon tablets; on the other hand, the single crystal penetration rate is rising and is expected to rise from the current 50-60% to 80-90% over the next two years.
A single crystal growth device tap, which would benefit in depth from the increased production cycle and crystal penetration, would require an acceleration in the industrialization of 210 large silicon silicon tablets, the technological transition to open equipment space, and a 12-inch silicon new technology that would stretch the climate cycle for silicon devices, with crystals power as the only option.
Billion dollars. According to our grass-roots research, equipment manufacturers in the battery band have developed new products for the production of 12 inches of silicon for raw materials, and the products of each type have been made and are in the client validation cycle, and it is expected that the spread of the entire 12 inches of silicon will continue to exceed expectations, and that the future will be smooth.
The silicon + low-cost industry development path is clear. Industry upgrades have led to stronger players in the industry, orders are concentrated on the front line, and crystals are benefiting significantly.
The central ring semiconductor silicon production capacity is expanding and core equipment operators are expected to benefit. As of July 15, the central ring semiconductor silicon has achieved a capacity of half a million metres per month, and is expected to reach 700,000 metres per month in 2021; the 12-inch line is open in August, with a capacity of between 5 and 100,000 units per month in the year, and 2021 is available.
In view of the middle-ring lead winning bid, the acquisition of equipment for the Idea project has progressed steadily, the semiconductor large silicon project is well under way and the order will be released continuously before delivery. In addition, the center-ring lead silicon project has been approved and is proposed for investment.
Keep an eye on the core equipment dealer's order acceleration at $4.5 billion to achieve 750,000 units per month and 150,000 units per month per month and 12 units per month. As a core equipment dealer with a 10% lead share in the center, it is expected that orders will be given priority in the expansion.
The neutral assumption that crystal-spill electrical equipment accounts for 60 per cent of the total procurement for the Central Ring Growth Project is expected to result in a fixed increase of 5 billion per year and semiconductor orders of 10.80 billion yuan.
As a whole, the semiconductor material plus assembly 1. Crystal Australasia technology extension 20gw monochrystal project, which directly benefits the single crystal tap, signed an agreement on 13 August with the People's Government of the City of Krypton.
About $5.8 billion has been invested in the construction of 20gw monocrystal bars and slices. According to an estimate of the current level of investment in equipment of about $200 million per unit, this would bring about about $4 billion in equipment purchases such as single crystal furnaces, cut-off mill mills, polishers, etc. Companies have accumulated better customer resources, and central ring shares, crystal energy, Jingao, etc.
Billions of dollars, of which 1,240 million are in crystal energy, 1.42 billion dollars are in China, 550 million dollars are in service, 500 million dollars are in service, 500 million dollars are in other orders, and more than 1 billion dollars are ordered in optical equipment from the Central Ring for three years. In market demand for single crystal furnaces other than Lungi, crystals power accounts for 90% of the market demand, and the overall city accounts for about 50-60% of the total, and it is the backbone of the industry.
The large-scale expansion of Crystal Australia’s production is expected to result in significant equipment purchase orders for crystal-spill power, contributing to an over-expected growth in performance. The main suppliers of single-crystal stoves in the country today include crystal-single power, Tianlong Light, precision technology, Kyoto Express, serial control, and North China.
With the exception of Lungi, crystals power accounted for 90 per cent of the market demand and was the main force in the industry.
On August 10, the IDB announced that the size of the PHP project had reached 3,305,000 kW in 2020, and that q4 grabs would continue to produce large-scale additional loaders in order to secure subsidies. According to the new East Wu Electric Unit, the new global light voltage will reach 2020.
The logic of the new production cycle of downstream photovoltaic silicon is being realized independently of the epidemic. On the one hand, the incremental flat access project will boost the demand for silicon, and on the other hand, the single crystal penetration rate is rising, with a single crystal penetration expected over the next two years.
From the current 50-60% to 80-90%. With a new wave of price increases in the photovoltaic silicon industry, the industry will have a new cycle of expansion. With the boost from the Lungi, Central Ring, Crystal, Onboard, and Crystal Australia, we expect to require more than $10 billion per year of silicon equipment in the future.
3. The industrialization of photovoltaic large silicons has accelerated, technology has opened the equipment space, and the medium-ring rolls of 210 large silicon tablets of 12 inches are more efficient and less cost-effective and accepted by downstream battery customers.
We believe that with the accelerated industrialization of 210 large silicon tablets, downstream silicon plant expansion plans are expected to increase significantly. The investment per unit of $200 million/gw estimates that the demand for industrial stock replacement alone exceeds $20 billion.
The providers will benefit most, with over $10 billion expected in the next three years. According to our grass-roots research, equipment manufacturers in the battery chain have developed new products for the production of 12 inches of silicon as raw materials, and the distribution of the entire 12 inches of silicon is expected to continue throughout the client validation cycle.
Over-expecting, the future of the photovolatile silicon + low-cost industry development path is clear. Industry upgrades have led to stronger players in the industry, orders are concentrated in front of companies, and crystallization power will benefit significantly.
The central ring semiconductor silicon production capacity has continued to expand, and core equipment operators are expected to benefit. As of July 15, the central ring semiconductor silicon has achieved an 8-inch capacity of half a month, and is expected to reach 700,000 in 2021; the 12-inch line will open in August, with a capacity of 5-100,000 in the year and 150,000 in 2021.
In addition, the center ring lead silicon project was approved to invest $4.5 billion to achieve 750,000 units per month and 150,000 units per month per month and 150,000 units per month per month. Transistor power is a core equipment dealer with a 10% lead share in the center ring, and it is expected that orders will be given priority in the expansion.
We believe that semiconductor large silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon is the most beneficial source of electricity: 1) the equipment’s national production requirements. The Japanese semiconductor association has a clear limit on Japanese high-equipment equipment exports to China, and the semiconductor’s large silicon equipment is in dire need of national production.
The power supply of scarce large silicon units in the country has been replaced with 8 inches of equipment, and 12 inches of equipment have entered the small bulk production phase. 2) The technological advantage of the single crystal furnace is clear. The core difficulty of the single crystal furnace is the superconductor magnetic field, which is now fully controlled by Japan, and the crystal generator power is working well with the Japanese supplier.
The quality is now close to positive, and we expect 8 inches to enter a new phase in 2020, with crystals in the industry leading the way. 3) The orders are good. The company and the big silicon are tied to the middle circle depths, and we expect that the central ring will prioritize the use of crystals in the expansion.
5. Profit forecasting and investment proposals suggest that, as the domestic backbone of large silicon equipment, crystals and electricity have a full supply capacity of 80% of the 8 inch line and 12 inch single-crystals, which are most beneficial in the context of the wave of national production; a silicon silicon-silent order abundance will support performance growth, half.
The gradual cashing of the carrier order will result in a significant increase in profitability and valuation, with the current valuation below expectations for lower-than-expected downstream expansion of semiconductor equipment and below expectations for semiconductor operations.