Holding hands on the blues and the sapphire, the supply of which creates the demand, is expected to produce the crystallization on 30th of September, 2020.
Incident: On 29 September, the crystals engine was proposed to contribute 255 million yuan (total registered capital of 500 million yuan, 51 per cent of the crystals power holdings) and to run a sapphire manufacturing and processing operation with a joint venture (49 per cent shareholding) of the Lanths Technology Agency, Ningxia crystals and sub-materials.
• In the short term: increased certainty in the sapphire business, high-quality customer security for profit contribution Jubabe Jing Jian Jian Jian + equipment & materials cooperation is an example of industrial chain collaboration.
This collaboration will be a core raw material supplier to the new consumer electronic downstream market, with a strong future of demand. We expect the sale of sapphire materials for the next 2-3 years for mobile phone covers.
A breakthrough from zero to one, the certainty of downstream demand will guarantee the profits of the sapphire business.
Long-term stable strategic partnerships, with a future increase in the penetration of sapphire panels on consumer electronics, the demand for downstream sapphire sheets is expected to increase significantly, and Lance’s early market locks in the crystallization of high-quality production security.
Sapphire sales space Consumer electronics industry supply creates demand + scale-downs, raising sapphire business expectations. 67 million yuan in corporate sapphire business revenue in the first half of 2020 at a cost of 63.6 million yuan, making good progress.
The company’s own expectations are that its original applications of sapphire materials are mainly in the area of led, and that industry pressure + led’s low sapphire prices lead to less than expected profits. This joint venture, which uses blues technology to cut into consumer electronics, is expected to expand rapidly downstream demand space.
On the supply side: (1) the value of the company ' s long crystalry equipment and crystal growth chain is 70%; (2) bulk delivery will have a scale-down effect and increase the profitability of the company ' s products. (3) This loan will help Lancet to indirectly enter the supply chain system of international first-line mobile operators and open up the company ' s supply chain in Blue Treasure.
Downstream customers in the stone sector are expected to expand their markets in the future in terms of “downstream customer diversification + expansion in consumer electronic applications,” bringing about higher profitability by adding scale effects. On the demand side: (1) The consumer electronics sector has a wide range of sapphire applications and currently has a low penetration rate.
It is expected to be a major driver of growth in the sapphire sector. (2) In contrast to the area of led, the consumption of electronics has higher unit prices and greater profitability, but the consumer electronics sector is typically in supply-led demand, which is expected to increase rapidly in the future as the capacity is released.
• Long-term: from equipment to materials, the material business is expected to build a new crystallization in the long term, with high inputs corresponding to high future earnings, and a much higher share of business. In 2016, companies released 1.3 billion yuan in non-public funds, of which 880 million yuan was invested in three projects.
On 30 June 2020, the company actually invested $280 million, and three sapphire projects are expected to be completed by the end of 2020.
The sapphire business will begin to make a significant profit in 2021. 1, Crystal Power (300316): pre-collected cooperation between the reference crystals and the Central Ring (joint venture leads without tin), Blues sapphire.
The sale of semiconductor silicon silicon is going to guarantee the crystallizer sapphire material order, while the crystallization of the equipment with the use of blues technology is going beyond expectations.
Resources for collaborative research and development, long-term and sustained expansion, etc. As companies hold on to the Sapphire Project, 2, Crystals and Power (300316), the capacity will continue to grow further, and the share of sapphire business in the future is expected to increase significantly.
Single crystal project extension, core equipment firm  profit forecast and investment rating: not taking into account the increase in company profits from the sapphire business for the time being, I, 3, Crystal Gear (300316):
The semiconductor large silicon silicon project is progressing well, keeping in view the acceleration of orders from core equipment dealers.
In 2018, the company successfully developed a world-wide maximum of 450 kg of sapphire crystals, significantly increasing the use of materials and the response of large-sized panels above 6 inches.
By the first breakthrough, the certainty of downstream demand will guarantee a substantial restoration of the profits of the sapphire business. For Lancet, the company is the home-grown glass leader, with a clear future cost advantage for the conglomerator.
LansyTech has developed long-term and stable strategic partnerships with prominent clients such as Apple, Samsung, Wah, Mi, and others, with bulk supplies of products such as glass, sapphire, sapphire and ceramic sensor components, ceramic machines, shells, and components. In the future, with increased penetration of sapphire panels on consumer electrons, downstream sapphire sheets are needed.
With the opening of downstream demand, it is expected to rapidly reduce costs, expand from glass to sapphire, and create stronger stickyness with end-users. 2. In the medium term: Crystal will cut into a wide range of consumer e-markets such as cellular panels, miniled, etc.
Open the sapphire sales space, supply of consumer electronics to create demand + scale down, and raise the sapphire business expectations. In the first half of 2020, the sapphire business generated 67 million yuan at a cost of 63.6 million dollars, and the sapphire business as a whole did not go as far as the company itself.
It is expected that the original application of the company’s sapphire materials will be mainly in the area of led, and that industry pressure +led’s low price of sapphire will result in less profitable than expected. And this collaboration, with the use of Lancet, is expected to expand rapidly downstream demand space.
On the supply side: (1) the value of the company ' s long crystalry equipment and crystal growth chain is high at 70%; (2) the bulk of the cargo will bring a magnitude-reduce effect and increase the profitability of the company ' s products. (3) This time, indirect access to the supply chain system of international first-line mobile phone manufacturers, using Lancet technology, will open up the company ' s downstream customers in the field of sapphire, and the future is expected to be in the bottom.
Market expansion in terms of mobile customers + wide-ranging consumer electronic applications”, adding scale-down effects to demand-side: (1) the consumer electronics sector has a wide range of sapphire applications and currently has a low penetration rate, which is expected to be a major driver of growth in the sapphire sector. For example, in the mobile cardboard market, sapphire materials are relatively visible in traditional glass.
Strengths (strength resistance, good hands, thinners, etc.), with sapphire drops are expected to generate large amounts of demand; (2) consumption of electronic sapphire is more expensive and profitable than in the area of led, but the consumer electronics industry is typically used as a source of supply for leading demand, and demand is expected to increase rapidly in the future as capacity is released on a larger scale.
Figure 5: Applications of sapphire in apple products 3. Long term: from equipment to materials, material operations are expected to produce a new crystallization in the long run, high inputs are expected to match future high incomes, and the business share is expected to increase significantly.
One hundred million shares, raised 1.3 billion yuan, were invested in sapphire production, expansion, grinding projects totalling 880 million yuan. Sapphire production (long crystals) and grinding (processing) projects, respectively, were 90% and 55%, and were expected to be completed by the end of 2020.
High, and the price of the sapphire chip is not as profitable as expected. After completion, after a 10-year depreciation period, the value of the sapphire equipment is close to $100 million per year, and the company's continued investment in the sapphire project indicates that there is much room for downstream demand, and this collaboration further deepens the sapphire business layout, reflecting the company's confidence in the sapphire product, which is expected to be in 2021.
The diamond business will begin to make a significant profit. Reference is made to the collaboration between Crystal and the Central Ring (a joint venture leading without tins), the sale of Lance's sapphire series of products, which will secure orders for crystallizer electric sapphire materials, and the collaboration in technology research and development using the resources of BluesTechnology.
Long-term and sustained expansion, etc.. As companies continue to invest in sapphire projects, production capacity will grow further, and the future share of the Bluestone business in revenue collection is expected to grow significantly, contributing significant income on a sustained basis.
Submarine expansion is less advanced than expected, semiconductor operations are less advanced than expected, and sapphire operations are less advanced than expected.