The central ring's 5 billion-dollar increase was approved, semiconductor orders were set to accelerate, and the proposed fund-raising was no more than $5 billion to expand the 8-12 inches silicon silicon project.
Central ring increase approved, semiconductor orders landing at an accelerated rate of 5 billion dollars, of which 4.5 billion dollars is invested in integrated circuits using 8-12 inches of semiconductor silicon, a three-year construction project that will produce 750,000 8 inches per month of puerperum and 150,000 per month of puerperium.
The project is carried out by the Central Ring Holdings, the Crystal Gears, the central chain core equipment supplier, and holds a 10% lead share in the Central Ring, which is expected to give priority to crystallized equipment in the extension.
This view is confirmed by the 8-12 inch semiconductor silicon silicon project, with a total winning bid of 403 million. Silicon imports are highly dependent and there are significant breakthroughs in the middle ring.
Silicon silicon silicons are used mainly in sizes of 8 inches or smaller. As the semiconductor system is shrinking, the process of chip production is becoming more complex, production costs are increasing, and cost factors drive silicon silicon silicon to move in large measure, so that in the next few years 12 inches will remain the dominant species of semiconductor silicon silicon silicon.
At present, only new and middle-ring shares in Shanghai have a small supply capacity, national production cannot be replaced at any time, and the approval of the customers of the large medium-ring silicon is good, and it is expected that 2020-2021 will be a node for the company's clients to validate the harvest. According to the Semicon conference, the middle ring is recombined with 12 inches of silicon.
The film has been validated by clients of most of the special processes; it has been made possible by a light mix of 12 inches of silicon, which has now reached the technical node of 28 nm. The gap between the central ring and the top five silicon manufacturing enterprises is gradually closing, and the national production of large siliconsates is becoming closer.
The company has a full-line capability of 80% of the 8 inch line, and the big silicon is the most beneficial under the wave of national production.
Crystal furnaces, polishers supply capacity, and close cooperation with major silicon mills in China, China, Research, Jin Rui-chung, and Jung-chung-chung-chung, among others, are the most beneficial in the wave of national production of silicon. We expect that, as the progress of the Central Ring-free tin project accelerates, the equipment orders for the project are expected to fall and crystallize over the next few years.
Power and power will benefit significantly from the gradual realization of semiconductor equipment. According to our model, 12 inches of silicon would cost $2.4 billion per 100,000 standard lines (1.68 billion), so 12 in 150,000 would represent a total investment of 3.6 billion ($2.5 billion in equipment); and 8 dollars.
Seven hundred and fifty-five thousand inches is the total investment of $4.1 billion (2.9 billion in equipment); eight inches + 12 inches is the total investment of $7.7 billion, and equipment needs total $5.4 billion, of which 1.35 billion are projected to be the project. The neutral assumption is that crystals power accounts for 60 per cent of total purchases, corresponding to 1.08 billion per year.
Meta-equipment orders. So, we believe that the semiconductor equipment orders for the next three years are expected to be large, 1, Crystal-Mechanical (300316); Performance overall meets expectations, semiconductor material plus loading.
2- Crystal Power (300316): q1 net profit advance of 23-37 per cent, with over-expected growth in the impact of the epidemic
Photovoltaic orders landed and silicon silicon silicon silicon week continued to materialize. 2020-03-21 East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory.