Event 2: August 26, revealed 8 inches of silicon and 6 inches of carbonized silicon extenuators.
The company’s H1 performance, which is affected by the epidemic, has increased steadily.
At a high rate of growth, mainly as a result of firm steady delivery of hand orders, we measure the uncompleted purchase orders at the end of q1 at $4.4 billion. The semiconductor and photovoltaic industries are maintaining a high industrial climate, and some of them continue to invest more in the advanced production of large-scale silicon, with better market demand.
Future performance growth is assured. 20h1 Māori rates have fallen and costs are well regulated. Māori rates are expected to rise steadily with 210 dimensions of equipment released.
▪ The significant increase in net operating cash flows for 2020h1 and the net operating cash flows for companies with high contractual liabilities of $782 million, compared with +344.67 per cent and greater liquidity of 88 per cent, indicates a corresponding increase in the volume of sales by companies and is expected to continue to contribute to the increase in performance in the second half of the year.
Single crystal project extension, with the core equipment provider directly 8 inches of silicon excavator and 6 inches of carbonated silicon excavator benefiting from customer acceptance 2020-08-14
In August 2019, the first prototype of the single inch silicon extenuator entered the client's site and stabilized the production of 9.2 crystals (300316): medium ring months, cumulatively producing more than 40,000 extras, professionally tested, and the equipment's performance indicators were met.
The semiconductor large silicon silicon project is going well, looking at the same level of imported equipment. At the same time, the 6-inch carbonated silicon excavator, developed autonomously by Krypsum, is 4-inch.
The process was also accepted by the client, six inches of process calibration is now under way, and the process validation process is currently well under way. Krystal successfully developed silicon extension equipment and carbonated silicon extension equipment, corporate semiconductor single crystalline silicon set 3, Transistor Electric (300316): Central ring
The industrial chain is increasingly complete and will in the future form a product system that will cover semiconductor monocrystal growth, slices, polishing, a fixed extension of 5 billion plus approvals, and a semiconductor order setting of four core equipments.
As a result of the successful delivery of equipment and the receipt and inspection process, the company’s H1 performance has increased steadily as a result of the epidemic. By sub-product, the company’s crystal growth equipment and its smart processing equipment have generated 1,020 million yuan/203 million yuan, respectively.
+36.75%/35.59% of the same year. The company’s crystal growth equipment continues to grow at a high rate, benefiting mainly from steady delivery of firm orders, and we measure the amount of outstanding q1 orders at the end of q1 at $4.4 billion. The semiconductor and photovoltaic industries are currently maintaining a high production climate, some of the large photovoltaic silicon mills continue to invest more in large-scale silicon advanced production, with better market demand.
Future growth in the performance of the Division is assured, and we judge that it is mainly the first 210-sized equipment recognized as part of its revenue, with a significant increase in net cash flows for its operations in 2020h1 as 210-sized equipment is released and the contractual liability is high
The net cash flow of company h1 operations amounted to $782 million, compared with +344.67 per cent, and liquidity improved significantly.h1 The contract liability of the public sector was $1,425 million, an increase of $418 million, or 88 per cent, compared with the end of 19 years, reflecting a corresponding increase in the size of the company ' s sales, and is expected to continue to contribute to the growth of its performance in the second half of the year.
4.8 inches of silicon and 6 inches of carbonated silicon extenuators were accepted by the client and delivered in less than two years by the company in 17 years in the field of exterior equipment. The company's 8 inches of silicon, the first prototype of the excavator, entered the client site in August 2019, stabilized production for nine months and cumulative production exceeded 40,000.
The equipment was tested professionally and the performance indicators were the same as those for imported equipment. At the same time, the 6-inch silicon excavator process, developed with a self-receipt, was accepted by the client. The six-inch process is now being tested. The crystal silicon excavator and carbonated silicone extension equipment are being successfully developed, and the company semiconductor monocrysilic silicone chain is growing.
Complete, in the future, it will form a product that covers semiconductor monocrystal growth, slices, polishing, extended four core equipment-based products, with a sustained expansion of the production capacity of semiconductor silicon, with the most obvious benefits from crystallizer power, and a sustained expansion of the production capacity of the semiconductor silicon, with the potential to benefit the core equipment provider. As of 15 July, the central ring will continue to benefit.
The semiconductor silicon has already achieved an 8-inch capacity of 500,000 per month, expected to reach 700,000 in 2021; the 12-inch silicon line is open in August, with an output capacity of 5 to 100,000 in 2021 and 150,000 in 2021. In the middle ring, the purchase of equipment has been steadily advanced, and the project will continue to release orders before delivery. In addition, the center ring leads the large silicon project.
It was approved that 4.5 billion yuan would be invested to achieve 750,000 units per month and 150,000 units per month and 12 units per month. Transistor power, a core equipment dealer with a 10% lead share in the central ring, is expected to obtain orders on a priority basis in the expansion of production. On a neutral assumption, crystallizer power equipment accounts for 60% of the total procurement volume of the Central Ring Growth Project and is expected to result in orders for equipment of 1.08 billion yuan per year.
The semiconductor association of Japan has a clear restriction on the export of Japanese high-equipment equipment to China, and the semiconductor large silicon equipment is in dire need of national production. The electric system is a supplier of scarce large silicon equipment in the country, which has been able to replace 8 inches of equipment and 12 inches of equipment.
The core of the single-crystal furnace is the superconductor magnetic field, which is now fully controlled by Japanese companies, while the crystals engine power is working well with the Japanese supplier. The 8-inch silicon film produced with corporate equipment is now close to normal quality, and we expect 8-inchs to enter a new phase of production in 2020, with crystals power in the industry.
The company is bound to the center circle depth of the big silicone, and we expect that the ring will prioritize the use of crystal-spill power in the expansion. 6. The new energy cycle logic of the downstream photovolcose silicon will continue to be fulfilled without the effects of the epidemic.
On the one hand, the incremental parity access project will boost the demand for silicon tablets; on the other hand, the monocrystal penetration rate is rising and is expected to rise from the current 50-60% to 80-90% in the next two years. The silicon silicon industry, folded up with a new boom, will see a new expansion cycle for the industry.
On August 13, the People’s Government signed an agreement with the People’s Government of the City of Jing Xing and Quixian, which is planning to launch the project.
About $5.8 billion will be spent on a 20gw monocrystal puller and slice project. According to the current investment in equipment of about $200 million per unit, it will bring about about $4 billion in equipment purchases, such as single crystal furnaces, cut-over mill mills, polishers, etc. The company, with its stronger product power, has accumulated better customer resources, as well as central ring shares, crystal energy, Crystal Australia, etc.
Billions of dollars, of which 1,240 million are in crystal energy, 1.42 billion dollars is in China, $550 million is on board, 500 million is in other orders, 500 million is in total, and orders for optical equipment from the Central Ring exceed 1 billion for three years. In the market demand for single crystal furnaces other than Lungi, crystals power accounts for 90% of the market demand, and is the main supplier in the industry.
Power and power have resulted in significant purchase orders for equipment, contributing to higher-than-expected performance growth.7 Profit forecasting and investment ratings Downstream expansion has been slower than expected and semiconductor operations have been less advanced than expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board