The order has increased performance, the photovoltaic semiconductor double-wheel-drive development, and the crystals are reported in mid-2020 for the first time to be covered.
A 24.8 per cent increase in the same year; a net return to the mother of $276 million, or 10.05 per cent increase in the same year.
During the reporting period, corporate revenue grew rapidly, mainly in the light industry, and demand for equipment investment was strong, with billions of yuan, rising by 36.75 per cent from the previous year, 69.34 per cent from the previous year, $202 million from smart processing equipment, >The company is full of orders and is expected to keep its annual revenues high.
During the reporting period, the company transferred the advance payment to the contractual liability in accordance with the new income guidelines.
Over the reporting period, the combined Māori rate was 30.09 per cent, a decrease of 6.45 per cent over the same period.
Cost and financial cost are 6.15 percentage points lower than the total for the same period last year, with a large photovoltaic size of silicon folding with semiconductor national production, and good company development in the future.
Industrialization of silicon-sized silicon. The main downstream customers, such as Central Ring shares, Crystal, etc., have been actively deployed. Research assistant: Turn off the lights and produce large-scale silicon products.
The product is gradually entering the mainstream semiconductor supply chain in the country, and the related orders for future semiconductor operations will either be valued below historical valuations. We believe that large silicon silicon silicon silicon siliconses in the light-voltage field are in demand for national production, and companies are deeply tied to downstream photovolt and semiconductor high-quality customers, accompanied by downstream taps.
Business expansion promises another breakthrough in corporate performance. Given the company’s position as a leader in monocrystal growth equipment, and its important role in the semiconductor silicon domestication process, for the first time, “recommended” expansion projects are not progressing as expected, and downstream orders are not as high as expected.
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements, Li Feng, Executive Vice-President of the Institute, served on the National Economic and Social Commission, the Ministry of National Materials, the Ministry of State Trade, the China Sindha Trust Investment Corporation, and the Chinese Galaxy Securities Corporation.