Centre for Research on Innovative Technologies and Business Services
Investing in sapphire, equity incentives to show confidence 1. "Accessful hand orders, silicon extension equipment breakup", 2020.8.28.
Event 1: On September 29, 2020, the Jingsheng Power signed with Lancet Technologies the Investment Cooperation Agreement q1 Non-net profit increase of 32 per cent, under hand order guarantee, whereby the company will fund a joint venture of $255 million in its own funds to launch industrial sapphires.
Crystal manufacturing and processing operations. 3. Quarterly report forecast, expected semiconductor large silicon chips to break through 4.
Sapphire: The cost of sapphire materials has been declining in recent years, applications in consumer electronics have increased.
The market demand is strong, with smart watch mirrors and back covers, smartphones and computer camera protection mirrors, fingerprint recognition mirrors, big breakthroughs -- crystals, video review, 2020.2.28, and so on. With the new display technology represented by Miniled, sapphire material emerges.
Crystalware: Sapphire business accounted for about 5% in the first half of 2020, and is currently building core competitiveness in sapphire long-term equipment and processing equipment, as well as in sapphire crystal growth.
Science and Technology: with industry leading technology, products, size, and high-quality market capital in the field of sapphire products.
Source: The sapphire crystal products needed should be given priority in the use of new company products under the same conditions. This joint effort helped the crystals engine seize the opportunities of downstream industries, further expanding the use of sapphire in consumer electronics products and creating a sapphire material advantage.
Restricted stock incentive schemes fully motivate corporate managers and core staff. 1) In order to further develop effective corporate incentives, fully motivate corporate managers and core staff, and effectively combine shareholder, company and core team interests, making
A shared interest in the long-term development of the company, ensuring the achievement of its development strategy and business objectives, a company issuing a restrictive equity incentive scheme for 2020.
Single crystalline silicon expansion was lower than expected; semiconductor equipment orders were lower than expected.