tclTechnology (000100.sz)
+59.0% Ring performance in the second quarter is above the median performance forecast and meets expectations, and we maintain the previous tcl star: big size advantages expanded and product structure optimized to improve performance in small and medium sizes achieved net profit of $4.21 billion and ring growth of 76%.
The production capacity of the T7 plant continued to climb up the slope in the second quarter, with a smooth and balanced schedule for the second quarter of the t10 (the original three-star Suzhou line), with an area of 9.03 million square metres for 2021q2, an increase of 13.8 per cent over the ring, and a rise in the cost of the two-quarter panels for the benefit, with the company as a whole rising from $1519 per square metre in the first quarter to $1784 per square metre in the medium and small dimensions.
On the other hand, the company has increased its product restructuring and has continued to increase the ratio of ltps to medium sizes, such as pen electricity, cars, flats, etc. The t4 flexible amoled line ends at the end of production, the second and third stages of equipment have been moved in, the volume of outgoings has more than doubled over the same period, and the performance of small and medium sizes has improved significantly. In the short term, large size demand has grown less.
In the medium and long term, with the contraction of Korea’s plant, domestic producers rise and concentration rise, it becomes clear that the price cycle of the panel will be significantly less volatile.
Medium- and long-term growth of dynamic energy with long-term investment value for industry. • Medium ring semiconductor: faster product scale up, smooth product structure transformation.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 160.6 per cent in the same year, were more than 55 per cent higher in the production of semiconductor photovoltaic materials than at the end of 2020; investment in the t9 accelerated layoutit market, to 70gw, with a 110 per cent increase in the same scale of production and sales and a continuous increase in the city’s share.
The consumption rate of silicon per unit of company product dropped by almost 2 per cent over the same period, the rate of silicon a product increased significantly, the gross per unit product, the company update report - supply tension continued, interest rates continued to rise in the same ring ratio and profitability continued to rise.
The panel tap is expected to sustain high performance growth - Corporate Information Update - 2020o2 Performance Change