High profitability innovation, double-engine relay growth Events: August 9, tcl technology released its semi-annual performance in 2021, tcl technology received by the company in the first half of the year (000100.sz)
q2 performance has grown significantly, and profitability has risen. The semiconductor has shown the industry's up-and-upturn, as well as the continued expansion of new and extended mergers and acquisitions within and out of the company. The company's q2 performance has increased by billions of yuan, compared to +35.8 billion and the ring to +82.2 per cent, while the company's single-season profitability is historically new.
In addition, after the merger of the three stars of the Mau Jia International and Suzhou, the company > panel business went beyond this, with three wheels of scale, efficiency and innovation. 1) The company grew from three high-generation lines (g8.5, g10.5) in 2020 to 4.5 in the current year.
18%. At the same time, the completion of the t4 soft-led line from phase I to phase III will result in significant income growth. The company’s acquisition of the Suzhou Samsung module plant and the Mojia technology, which provides the integrated manufacture of the module, will also facilitate the extension of the company’s value chain downstream.
2) As medium-sized production becomes more effective, the company will form a large, medium-sized and small-sized business layout, with a more balanced income structure, leading to higher unit-size production and income growth. At the same time, the company will insist on high-end product strategies, fully harnessing the advantages of hva technology and high-generational lines, and deepening its global headlines.
Card clients work together to continuously increase their share in high-end markets such as mega-sized, 8k, 120hz, and curve. Practice number: s1500520030001.3) The National Centre for Printing and Flexible Show Innovation - Guangdong Juhua and Strategic Incorporated
Joled, speed up print display technology development and actively promote self-sustaining old and qled materials development through luminous light power. At the same time, companies are working with industry chain partners to promote eco-building in Mini-led, Micro-led, etc., through equity investments and strategic cooperation.
After many years of accumulation, the company semiconductor, tcl.T.T.T.: Overperformance, double-wheel drive future growth.
The new track expansion strategy for photovoltaic and semiconductor operations has shown remarkable results. The central competitive advantage of the central ring shares, relying on product technology and innovation in production methods, has accelerated the scaling up of 210 productive capacities and optimized product output.
In the context of the rapid rise in upstream raw material prices, through technological advances and improvements in business efficiency, bright eyes, 2021.04.28.TclTechnology: Keeping the panel up and running
In addition, the company has worked with industry partners to set up tcl micro-chip technology that seeks input growth around semiconductor operations. 2021.04.13 Capital layout opportunities to accelerate semiconductor track development.
tclTechnology: Setting the Add-Screen-it Line, Expanding High-end Markets  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Accompanied by Panel Increases, Productive Releases and Assets Lists, Company Business tclTechnology: High Performance Growth 2021, Plus Half-Guide
16,628 million yuan, or 8/8/7 times the equivalent. Given the company's leading position in semiconductors and the future space for growth, we maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company, with a market value of $215 billion.
tclTechnology: q4 Performance Supermarket Expectations, Intra- and Efficiencies Risk factors: Repeated outbreaks, downstream demand less than expected. tcl Science and Technology Insight Report: Outward M&As and Internal Growth
The company's in the harvest period.
Figure 1: tcl technology collection and profit performance. Figure 2: tcl technology profitability performance.
• Operating income (billions) = = net parent gain (billions) Figure 3: Cost rates during tcl science and technology Figure 4: cost of tcl science and technology research and development (billions)
Figure 5: tcl Science and Technology Collection and Operating Cash Flows (millions of yuan) Figure 6: tcl Science and Technology Net Profit and Operating Net Cash Flows (billions) Figure 8: tcl Science and Technology Receivables (billions)
Figure 7: tcl science and technology inventory (millions of yuan)  accounts receivable (billions)
The Xian University of Electronics and Technology, which has been a leading researcher for almost five years in the semiconductor industry, has had experience with foreign companies such as Texas instruments, and is familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain. It is also the founder of the country’s well-known semiconductor business incubation platform ic coffee, which helped a number of semiconductor companies to finance early times.
Name; Crystalball 2/3 in 18/19; Gold Bull Award 3/2 in 18/19; Wuhan University Master ' s degree in 2018; South-West Securities in 2020; Sinda Securities in 2020; Semiconductor Products in 2020; Liu Chilai, Master of Finance, Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences; and Sinda Securities in 2020, covering the consumer electronics chain.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-approved securities investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.