tclTech (000100) company evaluation report.
The panel industry is booming and the company's performance has grown significantly in the first half of the year, and the company's performance has risen significantly during the reporting period, with a net return profit of $6.5-6.9 billion in H1 in 2021, an increase of 70-87%. With semiconductors, the industry continues to move up, tcl.
Power growth is significant: (1) in the area of large sizes, t1, t2, t6 production lines were fully produced and sold in the first half of the year, t7 production lines were able to climb the slope as planned, t10 in Suzhou was on q2 and table, and the size of large products was about 24% higher than the size of the product.
The commercial product is fast-growing, with large-scale combined yields increasing by 130% on a year-on-year basis. The net profit line actively expands emerging operations such as high-end notebooks, flatbeds and cars, and the t4 soft-aoled line expands production as planned.
The t9 project was formally launched to jointly drive the growth of the size, structural optimization, and efficiency of the tcl star. Semiconductor luminous performance, multi-track layout leading the development.
The company's semiconductor photovoltaic operations went well in the first half of the year, the new track strategy was beginning to work, the middle ring semiconductor cycle weakened, the panel was headed into the harvest period. 2021.07.12 The product structure optimized by technology in the context of the rapidly rising prices of upstream raw materials
At the same time, the company has set up tcl microchip technology in semiconductor business to accelerate the development of semiconductor track layouts.
The panel industry has become less cyclical, and national producers will continue to benefit, while national producers will continue to benefit.
In contrast to the strategic goal of the last round of a massive expansion of production to catch up with the leaders, the expansion of the panel industry will give priority to ensuring its leadership and profitability, the expulsion of backward production capacity, the industry, supply and demand patterns are expected to remain stable, and the level of profitability of the panel vendor will remain high over the years.
The company, as one of the absolute champions of the domestic panel, is expected to benefit as a matter of priority, with its performance on the rise. Lee Shea Feng 1) Korea’s exit is not as high as expected; 2) panel prices are not as high as expected; and 3) downstream demand is not as high as expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.