tclTechnology (000100) Performance bright in the first half of the year, t9 project in the construction phase, industry up, first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, performance was impressive, mainly by: 1) increased concentration in beneficiary industries and improved supply and demand patterns, and continued price increases for large-scale products; 2) industry upswings, t1, t2 and t6 production lines full of output, t7 capacity well uphill, Suzhou three stars t10 on 21q2 and table; 3) product structure continued to be optimized, with medium- and high-end output showing fast ups and large-size combined camps
A 130 per cent increase over the same year, a 14-fold increase in net profit over the same year, a 70 per cent increase in the 21q2 versus 21q1 net profit ring over the same year; 4) in small and medium-sized areas, t3 actively expanded emerging operations such as high-end pen power, flatbeds and vehicle loads, and t4 soft aoled set up to raise the 8.6-generation new panel production line to seize the development opportunities of the medium-sized panel
\triangleright speeds up the development and customer import of products such as the intboards, shopkeepers, cars, etc. \tps pen electric products are the second 32 inch of the world, and the product is supplied to multiple one-line brands worldwide. \t9 is mainly produced
Quantities, after the completion of the project, will significantly improve the company’s competitiveness in the medium-sized area of the intestate, enabling companies to enjoy the development dividends of the medium-sized upgrade of product technology and the exit of overseas production capacity. Based on the performance forecast, we have raised the company’s profit forecast, which is expected to be received by the company in 2021-23.
Sw Electronics 2021/7/14, the latest tttm valuation, is 43 times higher, and we think the company underestimates and maintains a “recommended” rating.
8.6 Generation of a new panel production line, accelerated medium-size strategic layout. Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements. Wang Fang, Chief of the electronics industry. Served in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., and was awarded the Chinese University of Science and Technology.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.