tclTechnology (000100) Electronics bright performance, two core industries working in tandem with development, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: 2021h1, the company achieved operating income of 74.3 billion yuan, an increase of 153.3 per cent over the same period; net return profit of 6.78 billion yuan, an increase of 461.5 per cent over the same period.
It shows an improvement in the supply-demand relationship and an increase in the concentration of the industry, which, as the head of the industry, is 0.7 pp lower than the same period last year, mainly as a result of the growth in the size of the business and the acquisition and acquisition of Central Ring Electronics, Motya and Suhuastar; the net interest rate is 12.5 per cent, an increase of 8.9 pp over the same period last year.) At the cost end of the transaction, the company sells.
• Large-scale panel operations have expanded in size and product structures have continued to optimize. Suhua Star 10 and its accompanying modules were handed over on 1 April, and the t7 plants were on their way to the slopes as planned, and the t1, t2, t6 plants were fully operational. The company's share in the tv panel market was second in the world, and its share in the high-end television panels was first in the world.
One, the interactive whiteboard is the world's number one. During the reporting period, large-scale product structures were further optimized, non-tv semiconductor photovoltaics and materials new lanes, and companies benefited from high-profile industries. In 2020, the company focused on the technology industry, decoupled medium-ring electronics, and officially moved into semiconductor photovoltaic and material fields, making it its main business.
The national 14th Five-Year Plan sets out policy goals for carbon peaks and carbon neutralization, and the new energy industry moves into high-speed development orbits: the middle ring semiconductor continues to advance 210 mm dimensions based on its own deep research and development and technological deposits.
g12 Large silicon production capacity layouts, while accelerating the construction of an accompanying g12 super-watt component to add up to the high profile of the industry, are expected to contribute to a sustained high performance growth point for the parent company in the future.1 A clear “technology” approach to business development will expand the advantages of scale
tclTechnology was established in 1981 as tttk Family Electrics Ltd. The company covers financial services, Internet applications, marketing and logistics services, investment and innovation from mobile phones, home-made panels, tclTechnology is currently focused on semiconductors displaying research and development, production and marketing of products and materials, and industrial finance, investment and innovation.
After 40 years of development and ongoing restructuring of the corporate architecture, in early 2019, a reorganization of assets was completed with science and technology as the core development business, excluding former end and support operations, and committed to becoming a global leader in science and technology and changing the name of the company to “tcl science and technology”. The corporate business subsector also moved from the former semiconductor display and materials operations, industrial finance and investment.
The three main segments of the venture start-up business, the emerging business group, have been adjusted to semiconductor display, semiconductor photovoltaic and semiconductor materials, industrial finance and investment and other business components.
In 2000, tcl technology launched a 999d mobile phone to fill the country’s high-end mobile phone void and started the internationalization path. In 2004, it was marketed at a deep intersection, and cross-border M&A with Alcatel. In 2009, tclhuastar was set up to complete the technical layout of Mini-led, micro-led, oled, print displays, etc., with products covering small and medium-sized panels and contact control panels, electronic whites, etc.
High-end displays of applications such as panels, collage walls, vehicles, and electric competition built up core competitiveness in the global panel industry. Until 2019, companies announced a shift from diversification to professionalization, sales of terminal operations, retention of semiconductors showing heavy operations, clear orientation of technology as a core business, officially renamed “tcl technology” in 2020.
Three stars in Suzhou continue to expand the advantages of scale, creating a closer industrial ecology to the upper and lower downstream. Figure 2: Corporate development history, in which there are no shareholders in the company’s equity structure, and actual controllers.
In order to motivate employees, bind their employees and corporate interests, and help them develop over the long term, after 2018, the company introduced four employee-holding schemes, which helped to motivate employees and promote their healthy development.
The company’s main business consists mainly of semiconductor display operations, semiconductor photovoltaic and semiconductor material operations, industrial finance, and investment platforms, and other operations. In 2021, h1, the company’s semiconductor monitors earned $40.76 billion, a year-on-year increase in revenue.
108.9 per cent of business income, 54.9 per cent; 14.45 billion yuan in electronics distribution, 58.3 per cent in the same year, and 19.4 per cent in the business sector; 17.640 billion yuan in semiconductor photovoltaic and semiconductor materials operations, 23.7 per cent in the fourth quarter of 20 years, and 1.45 billion yuan in other operations, 1.9 per cent of the total.
The Māori structure shows that in 2021h1, Māori was 29.2 per cent for semiconductor monitors and 72.8 per cent for gross profit; 20.6 per cent for photovoltaic and semiconductor materials and 22.3 per cent for Māori; 3.2 per cent for electronics and 2.8 per cent for Māori for distribution; and 22.9 per cent for other operations and 2.0 per cent for Māori.
Looking back on the company ' s business performance in previous years: operating income increased steadily in 2016-2018, and the company completed major asset restructuring in April 2019, so operating income in 2019 included reorganization asset performance in January-March, while the annual report in 2018 included year-round reorganization asset data, resulting in a decline in total operating income in 2019.
In caliber terms, operating income grew by 18.7 per cent in real terms over the same period from 2016 to 2020, the net profit on corporate returns rose from 1.6 billion yuan to the first half of 2021, with company-focused semiconductors showing, semiconductor photovoltaic and semiconductor material core mastery development, new lanes showing remarkable success, taking advantage of the advantages of the enterprise and innovation for change, once again successfully building a second growth curve for the enterprise.
In the first half of the year, the company’s strategy and operations, such as industrial synergies and operational efficiency optimization, further consolidated the industry’s position under a synchronized industry environment, and continued to increase the performance of medium- and ring-based tcl technology.
In terms of profit rates: in 2020, the increase in the company ' s Māori and administrative costs was mainly due to the growth in business size and the acquisition and acquisition of Central Ring Electronics, Motya and Suhuastar.
The main reason for this decrease is the capitalization of some R & D inputs, with a total R & D investment of R & D of R €5.9 billion, representing 6.9 per cent of total revenues.
Okay. 2) The net ratio of companies is floating in 2016-2020. The net ratio of companies in 2020 is 3.8, and the same assumption is 1: benefiting from the upswing of the panel industry, adding its own size advantages and the optimal upgrading of the product structure. In the first half of the 21st year, the company semiconductor showed a significant increase in revenue and a significant increase in the quality of profits.
The Division ' s 21-23 semiconductor showed an increase in sales of 55 per cent, 15 per cent, 10 per cent, corresponding to a Māori ratio of 30 per cent and 28 per cent, respectively, assuming that 2: the company acquired the center ring share of the photovolcage silicon blades in 2020, but as a result of the merger only in the fourth quarter of 20 years, the 20-year semiconductor light and material operations accounted for less.
Carbon peaks, carbon neutrality, and policy targets will keep the photovoltaic sector growing rapidly; in addition, the central ring shares 210 large silicon tablets are growing in scale and product quality, and are expected to become industry poles in the future. We expect corporate semiconductor photovoltaic and material sales to grow by 550%, 30%, and 20% over the 21-23 year period, with Māori rates remaining at around 20% over the same period.
We have selected four mainstream comparable companies in the industry, namely, Kyoto Easta, Deep Skilla, 800 million hours, and Rainbow Shares, with a combined growth rate of more than 55%. Given the company’s global leader in semiconductors, 1) the risk of global macroeconomic fluctuations; 2) the intensification of overseas epidemics slows down the deployment of overseas operations.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.
If you are not a professional investor in your client’s own company, cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report.
Information, opinions, and assumptions reflect only the company’s judgement as of the date of publication of this report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report can rise and the past performance should not be used as a basis for future performance. At different times, the company may issue reports that are inconsistent with the information, observations, and assumptions contained in this report, and it does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. At the same time, the company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
Instead, investors should take care of the corresponding updates or modifications themselves.