Event: 14 July, tclT issues a semi-annual performance forecast for 2021, and companies expect to achieve tclTechnology (000100.sz)
On a large scale, the prices of products have continued to rise as industry concentration has increased and supply and demand patterns have improved. At the same time, companies t1, t2,
t6 production lines remain full, t7 capacity continues to climb, and Suzhou 3-star t10 is on q2 table, and the size of the shipment has increased by about 24% over the same period. In addition, with the capacity uphill and the external extension of M&As, the company has a more balanced layout of the production line, with high- and medium-end monitors and commercial displays rising rapidly, with large-scale revenues equal to those of the same size.
In small and medium-sized terms, the t3 line is active in expanding new business such as high-end notebooks, flatbeds and cars, the t4 flexible aoled production line is expanding according to plan, and the soft folding screen continues to expand new brand clients, driving together the growth of business size, structural optimization, and the growth of business.
Efficiency gains. Corporate q2 performance has grown rapidly as a result of the accelerated growth of the main business, and the new track expansion has begun to show results. After years of accumulation, the new track expansion strategy for company semiconductor photovoltaic and semiconductor operations has already yielded significant results. Central ring shares depend on the core of product technology and innovation in production methods.
Competition advantages, accelerated upgrading of 210 productive capacity, optimization of product structure, sustained increase in market share through technological advances and improvements in business efficiency in the context of rapidly rising prices of upstream raw materials
In addition, the company is working with industry partners to create tcl micro-chip technology, to find investment opportunities around semiconductor operations, and to accelerate semiconductor track development.
tclTechnology: q1's performance meets expectations, and two major industries will be officially built. The company t9 plans a total output capacity of 180 k/m, which is mainly used to produce high value-added in size in manufacturing, specialized monitors such as vehicles, medical care, engineering control, aviation, etc.
tclTechnology: In addition to maintaining a high level of panel performance with more flowering, line t9 will also deploy some of the output layout oxide-driven backboard technology for high-end notebooks and games competitions, as well as for subsequent miniled direct and print-led development.
Power Growth 2021.04.13 Launched in 2023 and expected to complete the last puzzle to complete the product structure of the company, at which time companyit tclTechnology: Set-up-coded-it-line to open up high-end markets
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: accompanying panel price increases, productive energy releases, and asset combinations, company operations, tclTechnology: High Performance Growth 2021, half-guided.
Growth is accelerating. In view of the company’s overperformance in the second quarter, we have raised the profit forecast, which is expected to be 8/8/7 times higher than in the public TclT:q4 performance supermarket, respectively. Given the company’s leading position in semiconductors and the future length.
We maintain a “buy-in” rating of companies, with a target market value of $215 billion. tcl Science and Technology Insight Report: Outward M&As and Inner Growth. Risk factors: Repeated outbreaks, downstream demand less than expected.
"Tcl Science and Technology: Three Quarters of Super Pessimistic Expectations, Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Income Performance Growth " 2020.10.29.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Figure 1: Prices of the mainstream size of the tv panel (United States dollars) Figure 2: tcl Science and Technology Collection and Profit Performance Figure 3: tcl Science and Technology Proficiency Performance
Figure 4: Cost rates for the period of tcl science and technology Figure 5: Technology R & D costs for tcl (millions of yuan) Figure 6: tcl Science and technology collections and operating cash flows (billions)
Figure 7: tcl net profit and operating net cash flow for tcl (million yuan) Figure 8: tcl inventory for tcl (billion yuan) Figure 9: tcl accounts receivable for tcl technology (billion yuan)
The Xian University of Electronics and Technology, which has been a leading researcher for almost five years in the semiconductor industry, has had experience with foreign companies such as Texas instruments, and is familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain. It is also the founder of the country’s well-known semiconductor business incubation platform ic coffee, which helped a number of semiconductor companies to finance early times.
Name; Crystalball 2/3 in 18/19; Gold Bull Award 3/2 in 18/19; Wuhan University Master ' s degree in 2018; South-West Securities in 2020; Sinda Securities in 2020; Semiconductor Products in 2020; Liu Chilai, Master of Finance, Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences; and Sinda Securities in 2020, covering the consumer electronics chain.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-approved securities investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.