Wave Information (000977) report that server operations have doubled, jdm mode depth matches client Liu Truteng (Research Assistant)
110.49 per cent over the same period; $196 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, increasing on a year-on-year basis, benefiting from the high market performance of cloud computing, doubling the growth of server operations; third-largest in the world in wave x 86 servers and first-largest in the country; and cloud servers in the global market share.
First, the storage capacity is the first in China. It continues to benefit from the high profile of the downstream cloud computing market, and the demand for the cloud services continues to rise, multiplying the volume of goods delivered and revenues generated.
The company has become the company that owns the most abundant one-server product line in the industry. In 2017, the company's one-stop shop grew by more than 600%, its share in the China one market was more than 60%, and its share in the tier 1 major Internet enterprise was more than 90%.
Multiple products, such as agx-2, gx4, were released; wave accumulation 1.0 was a human resource, SMART cluster management software at the system management level; the framework layer had a caffe-mpi, the first global collection, was a caffe in parallel version of the caffe depth learning computing framework; and the service layer was a more integrated end-to-end solution.
Intelligent high-end plants improve production efficiency, jdm model deep-cut co-ops client companies build industry-led smart-end high-end server plants, achieve efficient custom-based production, solve data collection points, deliver from 15 days to 5-7 days, and increase production efficiency by 30% with white.
The rise in the trend of card servers led to deep collaboration with Internet producers represented by the company through the jdm (joint development) model Bat, which achieved tailor-made business win-wins between companies and customers in 2017, in the context of increasing competition in traditional markets.
The client contribution is more than 50%, benefiting mainly from the cooperation of the jdm model. For example, cloud computing & safety prevention continue to be high, with a steady double performance.
Wave report (000977), Wave report (000977), address: Guangzhou International Finance Center, 5x4 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City