25 April 2023: the company issued its first quarterly report for 2023. In the first quarter of 2023, the company achieved business income of 107.06.
Millions of yuan, or 16.27% more than the same year; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies is 1,451 million yuan, compared to the performance of company q1 and the success of opening the door. After the epidemic was fully liberalized, the consumption scenes, such as restaurants, night fairs, bars, etc., resumed, and the sales of company products improved significantly.
During the same period last year, the company performed well in the first quarter. In the first quarter of 2023, the company actually earned $10,706 million in operating income, an increase of 16.27 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was 1,451 million yuan per 1,000 litres, an increase of 4.75 per cent in the same year.
Thousands of litres, an increase of 7.45% over the same period. As a result of the epidemic, the current consumption scenes, such as restaurants and bars, recovered faster, while the sales of products above the middle and upper end accounted for a higher share of the current consumption scenes, making the sales of products above the middle and upper end faster than the overall sales of the company. 2023q1, at the middle and upper end of the company.
The product was 984,000 litres sold, an increase of 11.55 per cent over the same period. The second quarter was gradually entering the beer season, adding up to a relatively low base last year, and the demand for the company’s products is expected to improve steadily. 23q1 increased profitability, followed by cost pressures or some easing.
In terms of the structure of high-price shocks or high-level drops, the cumulative product price increases are gradually passed to the terminal, medium- and high-end products, the company actively controls costs and costs, and the cost structure is optimized. 2023q1 company sales cost is 13.84 per cent, a decrease of 0.36 percentage points in the same year; and management cost rates are optimized.
There is an increase of 1.24 percentage points in the same ratio, with a similar increase in profitability. China and Australia are currently negotiating anti-dumping measures for barley, and if the subsequent two-way policy is eliminated, China is likely to buy barley from Australia again, with cost pressures either following or slowing down.
As a leader in the beer industry, the strategy for optimizing the structure of the company’s products is clear. As the epidemic liberalizes, demand is expected to recover steadily, adding to the company’s high-end strategy with slower continuity and cost pressures, and performance is expected to improve.
“Voiceful” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies at a risk level, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, and are known independently and objectively.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.