Cost effectiveness is constantly improving, profits are more than expected, benefiting from a lower base under the effects of the epidemic during the same period, and q1 sales are higher. 2023q1 companies are operating \triangleright
The main reason for this increase, we believe, is that the impact of the epidemic during the same period last year was lower than the base, that the impact of the epidemic policy was better and the beer consumption scene recovered faster; a thousand litres of alcohol generated $4531, compared to 4.8 per cent, and that the main brand was sold 1.4 million litres, compared to 7.4 per cent more rapidly.
At 41%, the sub-brands grew faster than the main brands. At the end of the sub-prices, q1 was 98,000 litres in mid-senior q1 and above, up from 11.6% in the same year, slightly higher than the company ' s overall sales growth rate, at 42%, with a marked decline in the cost rate of 1.3 pct. q1 net interest rate improvement. q1 Māori is 38.3%.
\triangleright homogeneity +0.5 pct, with a high barley price, 1,000 litres of alcohol at the same cost + 4.0%, product structure improves the basic digestion cost pressure.
Compared to -0.4 pct; administrative rate of 3.0 per cent; same rate of -0.9 pcc; cost rate improvement exceeding my profit forecast and investment rating: clear pattern of the beer industry and high-end logic fulfilled, \triangleright
But the market disagrees on the elasticity of Aoshima's beer. We believe that the accelerated structural upgrading of field products in Shandong and North China City + cost-effectiveness relative to better release of profit elasticity will exceed market expectations. Risk factors: repeated epidemics, increased competition for high-end beer, higher prices for raw materials
"The momentum is growing, the profits are rising."
Building No. 1 of the 9th City Street in Beijing City West Side, where members of the food and beverages team are trained mainly by senior industrialists and leading students. Zhang Wai-hyun graduated from Wuhan University of Technology, two degrees in law and economics, two years in the financial sector, then entered the white wine industry.
For 13 years, the industry has done first-line sales in the Penang cellar, Dukang, and the Shelde liquor industry, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive understanding of the trends in the white wine industry, particularly in analysing the competitive patterns of sub-high-end alcohol companies.
Tang, a bachelor's degree in engineering at the Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of experience in the fast-discharge industry, 10 years of experience in first-line sales of white wine, has an insight into high-end white wine. He is very good at promoting future market policies for wine companies based on available data and market moves. Master, graduate from the Central University of Finance and Finance, two years of experience in food and beverage research, and two years of experience in bond research.
Pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, multi-chefs, high-end foods), spices (in-depth study of Angel yeast mother, familiarization with seafood, millet foods, smelt foods, Qinghai International). Zhao Lei, Master of Food Scientific Research, graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, and left beauty in milk for the next two years.
Capt. Saputo is engaged in research and development, with one year ' s experience in food and beverage research.
To cover recreational foods (in-depth study of odious foods, weekly black ducks, brilliant, refined foods, saline shops, glycerine foods, ginseng foods), and white wine in Anhui region (known as Guai Goon, glorified wine, golden seed wine), Zhao Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Liquor (in-depth study of Guo Dai, Five Grains, Penang State cellar, Shanxi Wine, Sherry, Wine, Ocean River shares, Consort, Wine plate), Wang Snowy, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. Economics + International Relations, Washington University, B.A., covering beer (deep depth)
Some of them are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.