The product structure continues to upgrade, and the prices continue to rise. Qingdao Beers (600600.sh) incident assessment report. Qingdao Beers held a Shareholders ' Conference in 2022 on 16 June 2023.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn The product structure has been continuously upgraded and the cost has improved
At the beginning of the year, the overall price of the package was locked down at a year-on-year rate, with an improvement in ton costs. At the end of the spectrum: sports marketing costs were reduced, along with an increase in underline activity inputs, an expansion of the beer festival, and the overall cost rate remained flat and low.
(a) A strong focus on the brand strategy of the brand, i.e. 1+1+1+2+n, i.e. classic + pure + white + plain/crystal pure product strategy, large
Merit, pure ice, cleanness, etc. are integrated into classics (underclassic master brands) and products are transformed from pyramid to diamond. 2) Structural adjustment is not at the expense of sales, and requires a substantial increase in volume.
1 Qingdao Beers (600600): a quarter of macroeconomic downside risks, poor marketing during the season, increased risks of raw materials, introduction to food beverages
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.