Qingdao's beer, site restoration has led to higher sales, better cost controls, higher sales of company beer, and higher ton prices. We expect the company to continue.
Qingdao's beer was evaluated in the first quarter of 2023, and the site was repaired with an increase in sales and a continued upward trend in tonnage. In terms of volume, 1023 companies were able to sell 2,363,000 litres, or +11.0%.
In our judgement, the high increase in sales is mainly due to the central release of demand for meals that has been accumulated after the consumer landscape has been restored, and thus to the consumption of beer. With the company's continued drive in the “two-way-round” strategy, the effects of a strong market may also appear to be one of the reasons for the increase in sales.) Ton prices, 1023 tons of beer.
Prices are $4532.4, which is +4.8% of the year, continuing the growth trend. Because other brand sales are growing faster than Qingjio, the level of profit is rising steadily, as costs are well regulated. 1) At the cost end, while the price of barley is increasing more than in the year, it benefits from a decrease in the cost of package purchases, with 1023 tons at a cost of $2794.8, compared with +4 per cent.
The same period of 22 years has eased. As a result of the combined effect of the increase in tonnage prices and the slowdown in the increase in ton costs, 1q23 gross interest rates have risen to 38.3 per cent, corresponding to +0.5 pct. 2) At the cost end, 1q23 sales/management/financial cost ratios have worked well. 3) At the profitability level, benefiting from the increase in the Māori rate and good cost control, 1q23
Net interest rates have risen steadily to 13.8%, compared to +1.2pc. The impact on the consumption scene is greater, the sales base of the company is smaller in the second quarter, and we expect that the company ' s sales of 2q23 will continue to increase at a high rate, influenced by the continued deep cultivation in the strong market + the low base of 2q22).)
The profits are expected to continue to release as cost pressures are further reduced. Among the main raw materials for beer, barley prices are lower within 1q23 months, and the prices of packaged materials such as aluminum ingots, glass, wafer paper, etc., are expected to continue to be released in 2022.
Based on the company ' s first quarterly report in 2023, the latest developments in the industry environment, we adjusted our profit projections and projected the economic recovery of Qingdao Beers to below expectations, over-expected pipeline stock and volatile raw material costs.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.