Qingdao Beers (600,600) - A Quarterly Review of Qingdao Beers (+16.27 per cent) resulting in a net gain of 1,451 million yuan (+28.86 per cent) and a net gain of 1,349 million not attributable to the mother
Overall growth in sales, income, profits and continuous upgrading of the product structure 1) accelerated growth in corporate income and profits. 23q1 company gross operating income increased by 16.27 per cent on a year-on-year basis. 2) Double-digit growth in sales of corporate products and continuous upgrading of product structure. 23q1 company output
The sales volume was 236.3 thousand litres (+11.02 per cent), of which the Qingdao main brand achieved 140.1 thousand litres (+7.45 per cent) and the sales of medium- and higher-end products reached 984,000 litres (+11.55 per cent). The sales of high-end and higher-end products in the company grew rapidly, mainly thanks to the company ' s full use of the Qingdao beer brand and product
Qualitative advantages, active market expansion, sustained brand optimization and product structural upgrading. Net interest rate increases in efficiency gains and increases in net interest rates are higher than Māori rates, mainly due to the upgrading of corporate product structures and positive openings.
U.S. Dollar Securities Research - Qingdao Beers (60000) Annual Review: Flows, Control Costs, Procuring Efficiency. 2) Corporate cost control is effective. 23q1, corporate sales/management/research and development/financial cost rates, respectively.
Two brands are strong, they build deep distribution systems, they're hard iron, they're war high-end, they're hard-core, they're hard-core, they're hard-core, they're hard-core, they're hard-core, they're hard-core, they're hard-core, they're hard-core, they're hard-core, they're hard-core, they're hard-core, they're hard-core, they're hard-core, they're hard-core, they're hard-core, they're hard-core, they're hard-core, they're hard-core, they're hard-core, they're hard-core, they're hard-core, they're hard-core, they're hard-core, they're hard, they're hard-core, they're hard, they're hard, they're hard, they're hard, they're hard, they're hard, they're hard, they're hard, they're hard, they're hard, they're hard, they're hard, they're hard, they're hard.
1) Qingshima + Mt. The company has a strong dual branding strategy for Qingshima + Mt. The company is determined to build a deep distribution system and develop a “manufacturer” through a high-end, high-end, high-end space in the Qing Dynasty.
The collaborative distribution-mdcd model, which, by the end of 22 years, had nearly 12,000 development distributors, “Tsingtao 1903 Qingji Island Beer Bar” covered 62 cities and cities throughout the country, with companies selling 40.6 per cent of their drinking channels in 22 years.
The company is China’s beer leader, born of Shandong, a well-established beer culture, with a 100-year brand, and with Chu Woo-hoon’s food safety risks, raw material price volatility risks, and policy adjustment risks.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.