Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) of the Quick Growth Ring, with net profit increasing at a lower rate than in 2023 at Ningpo Bank, with net profit return at +6.4% and +10.66% respectively.
The overall performance was robust, with Ningpo Bank's individual mortgages smaller in size, stock mortgages are expected to have less interest rate adjustments than their counterparts, and the low non-interest income base contributes to revenue collection.
• No drops in the fourth quarter, credit growth remains strong, company prices compared to the trend of deep 300, total Ningpo Bank assets, loans, non-credit assets in 2023 +14.6 per cent, respectively
+19.76%, -2.3%, credit growth has been strong, and non-credit assets have declined steadily. Spring structure has been optimized.
Loans dominated, customer characteristics matched the economic cycle, and expected interest differentials remained high.
Rates of increase are down and loan rates are down. Four quarters of a quarter of a quarter of a year of debt and deposit sizes were 0.76 per cent of Ningbo bank failure in 4q23, with a flat ring ratio of 1 bp, with a year-round asset quality that remained steady and excellent. Provision coverage of 461.36 per cent, ring ratio of 19.3 bps, with a drop in the loan margin.
16bps to 3.5%. The write-off rate has increased in tandem, either as a result of a fall in the provision or as a result of the expansion of high-yielding operations, such as silver and silver removal and retail companies’ big data operations.
The core management team is stable, strategic communication is efficient, corporate governance mechanisms are effective, 1. Ningbo Bank: semi-annual reviews in 2023 are difficult to replicate and sustainable. The ability to diversify financial services is scarce and wind-controlled.
The current performance phase is largely influenced by common factors such as economic recovery, weak and insufficient demand for effective credit. The company has a full license and future.
Bank Ningpo: Scarcity and high growth, with co-release of cash, funds, treasury, and renting subsidiaries expected to release further; investment in the fourth quarter, with credit support entities increasing in quality. We report fast based on performance in 2023
Market risk: The macro- and regional economy’s large downfall has led to a deterioration in asset quality and a significant increase in bad performance. Business risk: less than expected economic growth, and a sharp drop in financing demand has slowed credit growth.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.