Reasons for reporting: Performance rating. Ningpo Bank published its 2023 performance report. In 2023, the company achieved operating income of $61,584 million (6.40 per cent, yoy) and a net return on maternity of $25,535 million (10.66 per cent, yoy). At the end of the year, the rate of non-performing loans was 0.76 per cent (equal, qoq).
The main reason for this is the positive trend in the market for investment-revenue-beneficiary bonds, which has led to rapid growth under the low base, leading to higher yields. For a detailed analysis of the elasticity of the harvest, see Report No. 20231107, Ningpo Bank (002142): surface clean-up or larger, lower base income elasticity period.
The lower interest rate on stock housing loans and the weaker performance of the capital market or the lower interest income on the management of wealth, respectively. Although the lower interest rate affects interest income, the balance of individual housing loans at Ningpo Bank is approximately $81.1 billion, downgraded by 60 per cent of mortgage loans on stock (assuming that the ratio of interest rates on corporate mortgage loans is close to the national level of 58 per cent)
65pb (supposing that the interest rate on mortgage housing loans for corporate stock falls between the national and Shanghai levels, with 73bp investing in the industry and revenue from corporate wealth management and asset management being curtailed, respectively. Loans continue to grow at a high rate, with deposits falling at a high rate.
At the end of 2023 q4, the total loan size of Ningpo Bank increased by 35.934 billion yuan compared to the end of q3. At the end of q4, the total bank deposits of Ningpo fell by 18.956 billion yuan to 1.57 trillion yuan compared to the end of q3, an increase of 20.76 per cent.
Bank Ningbo (002142): Professional operations have been significantly more intensive than the same period in previous years, with deposits increasing at a significantly higher rate than at the end of q2, while the m2 declined at a higher rate during the same period. In 2023, the q3 stock was more than relaxed in advance of the pressure on q4 deposits, causing the deposits to return at a faster rate to the hub.
Bank Ningbo (002142): Stockholders increase confidence in a company’s summary report The asset quality is excellent, the credit cost is still flexible.
The quality of production remained excellent, with the rate of non-performing loans at the end of q4 remaining very low at 0.76% in 2023. Q4 was measured to be operating in 2023, with good growth momentum, and asset quality excellent - a clear difference from the apparent decline in the weight of the q3 off-the-shelf asset count in 2023.
The quality of superior assets gives credit cost elasticity, which is reflected in the different pacing of Ningpo Bank in the second half of 2023. For a detailed analysis of the structure of the asset impairment loss of q3 in 2023 at Ningpo Bank, see Report No. 20231107, Ningbo Bank (002142): Exceedings are either high or large, with a low base level yield elasticity period.
At the firm level, the economic advantage of Ningbo Bank’s region is clear, professional skills are prominent, and the company’s current relative valuation is low. On the basis of the above, the firm’s “buy-in” investment rating is maintained.
Appendix: Three series of statement projections, using data information that is legally compliant, carefully draw conclusions and present the present report independently and objectively, without any direct or indirect relationship to the specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.