PhillipCapital
上海機場 (600009.CH)
非航業務高增長持續
中國 | 航空支援 | 滬港通
增持（維持）
投資概要
(現價截至 3 月 29 日)
業績保持快速增長
目標價 RMB 67 (+7.2%)
上海機場 2018 年營業收入 93.13 億元,同增 15.5%;歸母淨利潤 42.3 億元,同增
14.5%,基本每股收益 2.2 元,略低于我們預期 7.7%左右。每股派息 0.66,派息率保持
公司資料
30%。加權淨資產收益率提高 0.32 個百分點至 15.85%。
普通股股東(百萬股):
市値 (人幣百萬元):
航空業務穩健增長
52 周 最高價/最低價 (港幣元):
64.78/43.74
2018 年上海機場的流量受到控制, 航空性業務量僅錄得中低個位數增幅(起降架次
+3.6%, 旅客輸送量+5.6%)。但受益于內航內綫提價效應, 國際綫占比持續提升和寬
體機比重擴大，航空業務收入增長快于業務量增長，航空性業務收入同比增長 6.58%
至 39.69 億元,基本維持一個穩健的增長。
主要股東%
非航業務高增長持續
不同于受到限制的航空性業務,公司的非航業務錄得持續的高速成長,去年非航業務
股價 & 上證指數
億,主要受益于消費意願更强的國際綫旅客占比提升,以及公司持續對商業零售品牌
管理、場地優化和調整等。商業租金中,超過 35 億來自于免稅店業務,總量和客單價
(300 元/人) 均錄得高速增長，同比增速達到約 40%和 20%，反映浦東機場発稅店正
日益成爲國際綫旅客的購物熱點。
成本增速控制在穩定區間
除運行成本外，公司的成本均控制較好。期內總成本 45.7 億元，同比增長 9%。其中
運行成本增速較快,同比增 28.6%至 19.1 億元、人力成本增 7.5%,但除該兩項外,其
他營業成本同比下降 14.1%,主要因固定資産折舊年限到期,以及本期無債券利息支
財務資料
出。運營成本的增長與免稅店業務擴大導致的委托管理費提升和一次性的維修費用增
長有關。
免稅招標落定打開非航業務成長空間
2018 年 9 月上海機場與日上免稅行簽定了新的免稅合同,2019 年-2025 年 7 年的保底
提成 410 億元，扣點率 42.5%， 免稅面積由 6600 平方米提升至 16915 平方米， 大幅增
長 156%。我們認爲，出境游帶動的消費升級浪潮下，免稅業務將打開公司非航業務的
發展空間，不僅爲公司下一輪成長提供堅實的基礎，而且有望開啟新的商業運營模
Source: Company reports, Phillip Securities Est.
式,充分釋放公司作爲龍頭樞紐機場的估值溢價。
研究分析員
投資建議
(+ 86 51699400-103)
基于强勁的非航業務收入增長預期，我們調整上海機場 2019 年的每股 EBITDA，同時
引入 2020 年預測值,提高目標價爲人民幣 67 元,分別對應 17.3/16.8 倍估值倍數,維
持“增持”評級。(現價截至 3 月 29 日)
Source: Bloomberg, Company, Phillip Securities Hong Kong Research
財務報告
(Financial figures as at 29 March 2019)
PHILLIP RESEARCH STOCK SELECTION SYSTEMS
We do not base our recommendations entirely on the above quantitative return bands. We consider qualitative factors like (but not limited to) a
stock's risk reward profile, market sentiment, recent rate of share price appreciation, presence or absence of stock price catalysts, and speculative
undertones surrounding the stock, before making our final recommendation
GENERAL DISCLAIMER
This publication is prepared by Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd ("Phillip Securities"). By receiving or reading this publication, you agree to be bound by the terms and
limitations set out below.
This publication shall not be reproduced in whole or in part, distributed or published by you for any purpose. Phillip Securities shall not be liable for any direct or
consequential loss arising from any use of material contained in this publication.
The information contained in this publication has been obtained from public sources which Phillip Securities has no reason to believe are unreliable and any analysis,
forecasts, projections, expectations and opinions (collectively the "Research") contained in this publication are based on such information and are expressions of belief
only. Phillip Securities has not verified this information and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made that such information or Research is accurate,
complete or verified or should be relied upon as such. Any such information or Research contained in this publication is subject to change, and Phillip Securities shall not
have any responsibility to maintain the information or Research made available or to supply any corrections, updates or releases in connection therewith. In no event will
Phillip Securities be liable for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages which may be incurred from the use of the information or Research made
available, even if it has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Any opinions, forecasts, assumptions, estimates, valuations and prices contained in this material are as of the date indicated and are subject to change at any time
without prior notice.
This material is intended for general circulation only and does not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any
particular person. The products mentioned in this material may not be suitable for all investors and a person receiving or reading this material should seek advice from a
financial adviser regarding the suitability of such products, taking into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of that person,
before making a commitment to invest in any of such products.
This publication should not be relied upon as authoritative without further being subject to the recipient's own independent verification and exercise of judgment. The
fact that this publication has been made available constitutes neither a recommendation to enter into a particular transaction nor a representation that any product
described in this material is suitable or appropriate for the recipient. Recipients should be aware that many of the products which may be described in this publication
involve significant risks and may not be suitable for all investors, and that any decision to enter into transactions involving such products should not be made unless all
such risks are understood and an independent determination has been made that such transactions would be appropriate. Any discussion of the risks contained herein
with respect to any product should not be considered to be a disclosure of all risks or a complete discussion of such risks.
Nothing in this report shall be construed to be an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of a security. Any decision to purchase securities mentioned in this research
should take into account existing public information, including any registered prospectus in respect of such security.
Disclosure of Interest
Analyst Disclosure: Neither the analyst(s) preparing this report nor his associate has any financial interest in or serves as an officer of the listed corporation covered in
this report.
Firm's Disclosure: Phillip Securities does not have any investment banking relationship with the listed corporation covered in this report nor any financial interest of 1% or
more of the market capitalization in the listed corporation. In addition, no executive staff of Phillip Securities serves as an officer of the listed corporation.
Availability
The information, tools and material presented herein are not directed, intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where
such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to the applicable law or regulation or which would subject Phillip Securities to any registration or
licensing or other requirement, or penalty for contravention of such requirements within such jurisdiction.
Information contained herein is based on sources that Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Limited ("PSHK") believed to be accurate. PSHK does not bear responsibility for any
loss occasioned by reliance placed upon the contents hereof. PSHK (or its affiliates or employees) may have positions in relevant investment products. For details of
2019 Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Limited
COMPANY NAME INITIATING COVERAGE
Contact Information (Regional Member Companies)
SINGAPORE
MALAYSIA
JAPAN
Phillip Capital Management Sdn Bhd
Phillip Securities Japan, Ltd
Phillip Securities Pte Ltd
250 North Bridge Road, #06-00 Raffles City Tower,
B-3-6 Block B Level 3, Megan Avenue II,
4-2 Nihonbashi Kabutocho, Chuo-ku
No. 12, Jalan Yap Kwan Seng, 50450 Kuala Lumpur
INDONESIA
CHINA
INDIA
PT Phillip Securities Indonesia
Phillip Financial Advisory (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.
PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited
ANZ Tower Level 23B, Jl Jend Sudirman Kav 33A,
No. 1, 18th Floor, Urmi Estate, 95 Ganpatrao Kadam Marg,
Jakarta 10220, Indonesia
THAILAND
FRANCE
UNITED KINGDOM
Phillip Securities (Thailand) Public Co. Ltd.
King & Shaxson Capital Ltd.
King & Shaxson Ltd.
15th Floor, Vorawat Building, 849 Silom Road,
3rd Floor, 35 Rue de la Bienfaisance
6th Floor, Candlewick House, 120 Cannon Street
Silom, Bangrak, Bangkok 10500 Thailand
75008 Paris France
London, EC4N 6AS
UNITED STATES
AUSTRALIA
SRI LANKA
Phillip Futures Inc.
PhillipCapital Australia
Asha Phillip Securities Limited
Level 10, 330 Collins Street
Level 4, Millennium House, 46/58 Navam Mawatha,
The Chicago Board of Trade Building
Colombo 2, Sri Lanka
Chicago, IL 60604 USA
HONG KONG
Phillip Securities (HK) Ltd
11/F United Centre 95 Queensway Hong Kong