De Ceciway buys (first rating) Smart Driving and Smart Airspace Auxiliary second take-off from a traditional car electronic (car-borne entertainment, instrument display, air conditioning control system)
Smart driving: the best thing to do is to get a bigger share of the British microchip and move multiple hardware into the front line of the industry. Smart driving, field controllers: the smart driving program of the mainframe to control the core algorithms of intelligent driving, the new power, etc.
The proportion of British Weideldo chip selection is increasing, with companies acquiring pelicans, ideally based on the volume and fixation of British Xavier/orin chip domain controllers, with a clear pre-emptive advantage, which in the future will benefit most from an increase in the share of British Weideldo chip markets in the country.
Quantified products; t-box, 360-degree optic systems gained third and second advantage of the industry, respectively, by 2020.
Long; in 2020, the company produced a new generation of smart pods, with multiple systems and security guarantees, and is expected to achieve a complex 21% growth year after year. With respect to car connectivity, full-scale ota, network security, OS3.0 terminal software for blue whales has been commercialized and c-v2x wireless communication technology has achieved mass production.
Core competitiveness of companies: management, R & D, incentives to provide customized solutions for mainframe plants. From a company ' s perspective: 24 years of foreign management, giving companies the gene to continuously optimize their management systems, while at the same time reflecting the maintenance of higher R & D inputs (12 per cent of revenue in 2020). Good incentives, executives.
From a business point of view: the company's deep-deeping electronic control of cars for many years, the domain controllers have further boosted the ability to connect software and hardware to help the mainframe plant produce fast landings and overlaps of current smart driving products.
Qiu Jiu Wei, we're not getting as much as we'd hoped; competition from a technology giant like Hwa; improved car chip supply; and complete embrace of car intelligence from traditional car electronics.
Automotive Information and Recreation System (AIS) is the backbone of corporate revenue.
In 2020, the share of income was 68%, 16%, and 5% respectively. The company ' s information and entertainment system was the backbone of the company ' s income. The body and body information and entertainment system accounted for more than 80% of the company ' s business until 2018.
The number of vehicles, automatic parking, environmental systems, etc., adas operations has grown rapidly (income grew from $270 million in 2018 and $240 million respectively to $1,110 million in 2020 and $766 million in 2020), with the share of income rising and the share of body and body information and entertainment falling to 67.58 per cent in 2020.
Since then, the Māori rate of the company's overall business has been largely consistent with the Māori rate of the body information entertainment system, with the result of the expansion of smart cabins, smart drivers, and product networks, while the traditional business-car-borne information-recreation system market is saturated, while the medium screen controls the vehicle-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-cars.
Cd/vcd ' s replacement trend is becoming more clear, with medium screen penetration rising from year to year. In 2016, the company deployed smart pods, smart drivers and car connections, where smart cabins integrated the original car carrying information and entertainment system, driver information display system, terminal displays, body information and control.
Systems such as systems: the establishment of an intellectual driving support unit in 2016; the introduction of the concept of an intelligent and capable cockpit in 2017 and successive design programmes; the establishment of a car networking module in 2018; and the signing of cooperation agreements with enterprises such as 100 degrees, Tents, etc.
A few years after the company's transformation of its smart business, it has broken through white dot customers in smart pods, smart drivers, car connections, and has achieved volume production: smart pods: company multiscreen smart cabin products in ideal, Chang An, Chir, wide-bang cars,
In 2020, the company produced a new generation of smart cabins based on the Hypervisor structure, which is controlled in the airspace.
qnxhypervisor and qnxneutrino  real-time operating systems (rtos) are used to carry the company ' s latest ar navigation capabilities.
Yearly, ipu03 autopilot controls based on an Ivedaxavier chip were set up on Little Pap7 with a mass product, ipu04 autopilot control based on an Ivedaorin chip and an ideal car network: a car network to roll out an entire car level of ota, network security, blue whale OS 3.0 terminal software, etc.
Smart driving: the best thing to do is benefit from an increase in the share of British microchip, with many hardware moving into the forefront of the industry – the company officially set up its Smart Driver Support Unit in 2016, after many years of high research and development investment.
Figure 7: The company's main achievements in the field of intelligent driving
Multiple manufacturers launch domain controllers based on different chips. The zfas domain controller in Odia8 was released in 2017 and became one of the industry poles once it was listed. The zfas system uses a multi-soc structure with four built-in processors, aurixtc297mc chip in England.
Mobileyeyeq3 chip, videocompeter 1vcm chip for British Weaver, and cyclofpga for Intel. Zfas, as a super-calculation, integrates all sensors, hardware, software calculations, and assumes most of the adas system.
After that, a number of traditional tier1 giants and domestic firms, based on different computational platforms, push out different domain controllers, partially yielding volume.
The Saiwi autopilot domain controller ipu03 platform uses the British Weldaxavier chip and the aurix series safetymcu, with a 30-tops super-power ai computing capability, reaching the Iso26262 function, which is safe, capable of real-time processing from vehicle radar, camera, laser radar and ultrasound systems
Automated driving data, 360 degrees of full sense integration and safe decision-making and control, support for top-and-down tunnels, auto-transformations in high-speed settings, traffic jams in urban roads, low-speed auto parking apa and vp in front of customers. According to 20 years in Texas,
The newspaper and company officials network, Desai, is also preparing to provide the ideal car full-size booster suv with a domain controller ipu04 carrying an English orin chip, seven times higher than the ipu03 of a xavier chip mounted by little Pap7.
The next generation of domain controllers, ipu04, was ranked ahead. In June 2021, the José Automotive Institute published a single, computing-based ranking of autopilot controllers at the Tribune Forum, which is now at the top of mdc810 with 400tops.
Tesla's smart-drive chip is a mobileye and an Invelda self-research chip. Tesla's 2014 autopilot 1.0 uses mobileyeyeq3, using the Investitegra3 for data integration.
(b) In 2019, Tesla launched Autopilot 3.0, using two self-researched fsd chips, which were used to achieve the achievement of a self-researched Fsd chip.
144 tops' computing power and 72w's power. Fsd calculated that the platform's performance was 21 times higher than the autopilot hard version 2.5, which cost only 25 per cent more, but only 2.5 was influenced by Tesla, and many new forces moved from mobileye to Inveda. Tesla's smart driving.
The chip selection affects many new power manufacturers. In 2017, Es8 became the world's first year q1 delivery, and it's going to carry the Inveldorin chip; Little Peng3 uses the mobileye chip, but becomes the xavier on p7; the ideal one is for the first time.
It's a mobileye chip, which changed the model to a horizon 3 chip in 2021, and plans on the next car x01 to carry an Inveldorin chip. The mobileye chip is still used by traditional manufacturers. Toyota, the public, BMW, etc.
Using the microchips of mobileye. For example, in May 2021, Mobileye, Toyota Motors and Zeifu (zf) jointly announced that Toyota had chosen Mobileye and Ceifu to develop advanced driving support systems (adas); Jili also chose Mobileye, and mobileyeeyeq5 will be located in Kirang.
By 2020, the smart driver chip was almost monopolized by mobileye, with a share of about 70%. But we believe that the future city of the smart chip is expected to rise, mainly because: (1) the new forces tend to use the smart driver as a core selling point, self-researching.
Intelligent driving algorithms, new forces want to master the core elements of raw data, data integration and algorithm upgrading, using a more open British computer platform; (2) traditional manufacturers, similar to smart phones, in order to meet consumer demand for high-value computing (whether spontaneous or guided)
In addition, according to Weida, Nvidiadrive's client orders have exceeded $8 billion over the next six years, with an average annual turnover of about $1.5 billion.
Mobileye’s income in 2020 ($970 million) and its estimated income in 2021 ($1.2 billion) also support the future increase in the share of British Weida. The pre-existing advantage is clear, and the company benefits most from the increase in British Weida’s share of chips.
The driving option first selects the autopilot chip, and the next is the domain controller. Currently, the domestic control provider often uses the smart driver program of one or more chips as its main product, and the mainframe also uses the past production package of the domain controller as a priority reference.
If you select only from the domestic domain controller supplier, if you choose the microchip of mobileve, then probably you use longitude, knowledge technology, etc., as the domain controller supplier; if you choose the British Welda chip, then you probably choose the domain controller supplier, such as Desaichevy; if you choose the horizon chip, then you will be able to use it.
Fortek may be selected as the domain controller. The company achieved volume production in 2020 on the basis of the British Weida program, with a clear pre-eminence, the most beneficial increase in the share of British Weida chips in the country.
millimetre wave radars are remote, stable, capable of complementarities well with cameras. The millimetre wave radar surges are characterized by distance detection, stable performance, moderate prices, and good and camera inbound complementarities (the camera is less effective in bad weather and the millimetre wave radar is less affected; the camera is less affected).
The head range algorithm is complex and the long-range range error is large; the millimetre wave radar detector is far away and relatively accurate) and is the main sensor for autopilot at the level of 122 and above. The adas penetration increase drives rapid growth in the industry, with 17.9 billion yuan in domestic space in 2025.
The most central driver of the load of the wave radar is an increase in the penetration rate of autopilot adas at the level of 122 and above. According to the data of high-tech smart cars, in 2020, the occupancy rate was about 34% at the level of 0-2 adas, of which 12% at the level of adas.
Ten thousand, up to 8.19 million in 2020, and it is expected that in 2025 the volume will reach 31.25 million, and the domestic demand for millimetre wave radars will be estimated to reach 42.5 million in 2025, assuming an average unit price of 420 yuan and corresponding market space of 17.9 billion yuan.
Figure 15: Domestic L2 level adas pick-up rate
millimetre wave radar industrial chain: foreign capital dominated by the front-end chips, and gradual domestic penetration mm wave radar industrial chain divided into three main parts: upstream related to the radar radio frequency front end (mic chip), digital signal processor (dsp/fpga), hardware such as high frequency pcb board and control circuits, and back end
Software algorithms; midstream involves the production of finished millimetre wave radars; downstream is mainly a car-to-car factory, road-to-road joint venture, etc.  Overall, microchips, digital signal processors, high-frequency pcb panels, etc.
The supplier controls, but key technologies such as 24ghz/77ghzmic in the country are also gaining ground: the 24ghzsige radar radio frequency front-end Mic package, developed autonomously by the IA semiconductor, has achieved zero breakthroughs in the country and has already achieved volume production; and the Shanghai Gatlanwe electronics has been launched in the country for 17 years.
The first 77ghzcmos car is carrying a millimetre wave and transceiver chip, while the pcb board continues to function as a resource for technology and electricity shares is expected to industrialize the high frequency pcb board in recent years.
The core radio frequency component of the millimetre wave radar is the front-end transceiver component, consisting mainly of seven transmitters, receivers, power amplifiers, low-noise amplifiers, blenders, filters and pressure oscillators.
Part of the composition, which can be used to modulate, launch, receive and moderate millimetre wave signals, has the characteristics of low electrical loss, high power, and high additional efficiency. The milli-mip radar based on the cos process has the advantages of being smaller, more integrated, and significantly lower power and cost.
The cos process has now been launched by the M.O.R. Corporations such as Fauscar, Texas Machine, British Flyer, etc., which are the leading companies in the world, mainly Shanghai Gatlanwe Electronics.
A company that produces cmos mm wave chips and is also the first Asian company to certify 77ghz mm wave chip by car code has successfully achieved pre-import vehicle and volume production.  digital signal processor
The dsp chip/fpga chip is capable of digital signal processing, the dsp chip is generally more advantageous in dealing with complex algorithms, and the advantage of the fpga chip is found in the big bottom of the data algorithm, where the "dsp+fpga" approach is gradually being applied widely in reality.
Time signal processing. The dsp chip and fpga chip are currently monopolized by foreign firms. The main suppliers of the dsp chip are British fliers, Adeno semiconductors and imitation semiconductors, and the main suppliers of the fpga chip are Cyrus, Altra, Megorami, etc.
▪ The mainstream programme of the high frequency pcb plate millimetre wave radar antenna is a microband array that integrates the high frequency pcb board into a normal pcb base plate to achieve the function of the antenna, which needs to be maintained sufficiently strong in the smaller integration space
The main suppliers of high-frequency pcb boards are foreign companies such as Rogers, Schwartz, Isola and the Pine Electricians, as well as the country's profit technology and shareholdings, but the two companies are still some distance from real industrialization.
Backend software algorithms. In algorithms, because of different distances, different application types of millimetre wave radar applications, they are very different and customized, and they require a lot of test data to ensure their accuracy.
This is a high cost. At present, the country has developed intellectual property-related algorithms, the reliability of which still needs to be verified, and the field is largely monopolized by foreign firms.
Foreign capital: British Flying, Texas instruments, foreign capital: Rogers, approximation semiconductor, Ngipu, Ya
(a) Waz (schweizer), Isola;
Financial resources: Gatlanwe electronics, IA semiconductor, Nanjing Miller, offshore capital: Kascar, Eng Feiyu, Eun.
Da Tsi Po, Cyrus, Migaw Sammi, Yadno semiconductor, Al.
(b) Internal resources: Ido, jibo technology foreign investment: Boshi, mainland, electric suit, sea
(a) La, Ceifé, Delfort, Fareo, Fuston, Japan;
In the future, it is expected to become a mainstream vehicle using a millimetre-wave radar.
21.65-26.65 ghz and 76-81 ghz, the working frequency of the mainstream vehicle mm wave radar is close to the frequency bands of 24ghz, 77ghz and 79ghz. The higher the frequency, the shorter the wave length, the smaller the antenna size and volume.
Given the excellent performance of 77ghz, the 77ghz product is expected to become the dominant product in the future, the millimetre-wave radar nationalization is accelerating, and Desai Weiwei is in the country's first echelon. Research and development of car radars began in the 1970s abroad, and we started late in the millimetre-wave radar, plus our technical skills.
The millimetre-wave radar market was largely monopolized by foreign giants, which together accounted for 68 per cent of the global market in Bo, Continents, Hewlett, Fuji Tian, electric appliances, and 94 per cent of the domestic 77ghz-mm wave radar market.
In terms of millimetre-wave radars, two of the country ' s leading cars, Desaixives, both of which started research and development of millimetre-wave radars in 2011, while China achieved 24ghz-mm wave radar production in 17 years, and Desai obtained project orders in 18 years.
The 24ghz/77ghz mm wave radar automated production line has reached international first-class levels, the 77ghz mm wave radar of the Chinese automobile has achieved accommodative output in passenger vehicles, and the long-range road test has been completed on the basis of the forward radar and forward visual camera (1r1v) integration programme.
Figure 22: The Dexahway and the China area vehicle millimetre wave radar R & D journey t-box: close to 50% penetration, company share leaping to the third industrial car network smart terminal t-box (telematicsbox), also known as the remote information processing control module
(tcu) which is used mainly for functional modules such as integrated gps, external communications interfaces, electronic processing units (ecu), microcontrols, mobile communication units (gprs) and storage units (emmc).
V2v (vehiclevehicle), v2r (vehicleto road), v2h (vehiclehoome) information interactions between public networks using communications to achieve intelligent recording of vehicle information, data collection, remote control, remote diagnosis, remote upgrading, etc.
t-box consists mainly of four major modules, the master unit system is responsible for controlling power management, access to car can bus, etc., network communication modules for networking functions, gps modules for positioning and navigation, and emmc modules for storage.
Chart 23: t-box 4 main functions
New energy vehicles are the best vehicle for car intelligence, and as the levels of autopilot (such as millimetre-wave radar, laser radar use upgrades and redundancy) and smart cabins become more and more sophisticated, the data are more sophisticated.
In the Circular on Further Monitoring of the Promotion, Application and Safety of New Energy Vehicles, the Ministry of Technology and Communications requires that vehicles listed in the Directory of Recommended Vehicle Applications for the Extension of New Energy Vehicles be installed in t-box.
On April 17, 2020, the Ministry of Eco-Environment released the Technical Guidelines for Long-Range Emission Control in Heavy Vehicles (Application Draft), which specifies the construction of a platform for long-range Emission Systems for Heavy Vehicles, t-box technologies and measurement methods, communications protocols and data formats.
The characterization inevitably increases the penetration rate of 5gt-box in the future. t-box preloading has increased rapidly. According to the SAT data, in 2020 China installed 9.4 million preloaded vehicles by car t-box, an increase of 25.4% in comparison with the cagr in 2018-2020.
The penetration rate of new energy vehicles is increasing, and China is expected to continue to increase rapidly in its pre-vehicle t-box installation in 2025. In 2020, T-boxes jumped to third place in the industry.
In 2020, the Institute published a list of suppliers for the new t-box in China ' s car market, with a higher concentration in the t-box market, with a top5 ratio of 50.36% and a top10 ratio of 71.98%.
ELECTRONIC, SOLDIER. Among them, associate technology is ranked second, relying on Japanese production in the east, and the high number of network loads in the first half of the world, and third, with T-box as the black horse in the 2020 sales list. Figure 25: t-box appliance rises rapidly (in thousands)
Figure 26: T-box shipments in 2020 360-degree X-ray system: penetration rate is only 16%, company delivery industry second 360-degree X-ray system (avm) is built to cover all sight fields around the vehicle
Four to eight wide-angle cameras to form a 360-degree view of the body of the vehicle and display it on the central control screen are divided into three main parts: a panorama video control module, a view camera.
By means of a full digital interface chip with the same axis (gmsl), the chip transmits the data to the control module, while the panorama image control module, in addition to providing power to the control module, mainly integrates and processes the images around the world, which determines the effect and quality of the avm image imaging.
In terms of market trends, there are three main extension directions of the landscape view: one, a fully automated parking support system.
apa (autopalkingassist), sense the parking environment through avm and uss (ultrasound radar), use imu and wheel sensors to measure vehicle position and direction, select target parking spaces, and achieve fully automated parking with precision; and new, e.g., high integration with the cabin system and transparent chassis
Functional applications; 3. Reuse of cameras.
Rapid upgrades and entry into the adas and autopilot markets, with a load of 3.0841 million vehicles in 2020, with a 360-degree high-lighted preloading system already achieved in the year, and a 13-per-cent share in China ' s market in 2019. According to the Institute of Advanced Skilled Motors, 2020
In 2019, the company’s first-largest global parking function, which is integrated with the ESP and ultrasound radar, was produced on the Gilly model.
The company’s market share is expected to expand further in the future as the apa-integrated parking programme continues to grow.
The main products of the Carborne Information and Recreation System were radios, cd receivers, vcd receivers, colour screens, multimedia navigation, and remote information processing systems, which were used for routine instrumentation, and for driving information displays.
In 2020, the company ' s vehicle-borne information and entertainment system received approximately 67.6% of its income and remained the backbone of the company ' s revenue.
In line with the trend towards smartness, the company built a smart cabin. In June 2019, the company released version 3.0 of the smart cockpit in Shanghai's ces, using high-tone 820a chip, with four screens (digital instrument screens, middle screens, side-driving entertainment screens, and functional control screens), the ideal vehicle.
In 2020, the company produced a new generation of smart pods based on the hypervisor architecture, using the qnxgypervisor and qnxneutrino real-time operating systems (rtos) to carry the company's latest navigational ar.
The use of qnxhypervisor not only ensures the reliability and high performance of the qnxneutrino real-time operating system (rtos), but also allows multiple operating systems to coexist safely with the same upper system (soc), which is secured by the qnxhypervisor virtual machine 2.0, while the instrument function is secured.
The qnxhypervisor enables developers to partition and isolate security critical systems from information and entertainment systems to ensure that critical systems remain isolated and continue to operate even when other components fail.
It has been applied to the Chirry brand flag of 8prus and shortcuts x 90 models.
From 2018 to 2020, one of the companies took new orders from its original clients, one of them from the general public, the general public from the upper gas, the Gilly, Biadi, the Wall, the Big Car, a red flag, and so on. On the other hand, the company opened a new Cheonan car, a red flag.
New clients such as Toyota, Toyota, Toyota, Toyota, Lexas, Chang Anfort and Jiang Xiao, whose products will gradually move into a mass production cycle that will bring company performance
Autonetic c-v2x products yield.
The commercialization of web-based service products, such as OS3.0 terminal software, has led to the break-up of white-point clients such as Chang Anfort, Jiang Huai, the general public, and the win-win technology, as well as to the upgrading of the first-time car network ota. c-v2x pre-positions, with high access chips supporting numerous v2x scenes.
In 2017, dsrc-v2x technology was deployed and several scenes of v2v and v2i were completed, and on 6 November 2018, the Hightower 9150c-v2x chip group solution was announced, which was also based on the vehicle unit integrated by the Chinese Autoengineering Society (Csae)its software.
A soft and hardware platform to support v2v scenes (forward collisions and cross-border movement), v21 scenes (for speed warning and signal phase) and v2p scenes (for vulnerable road users) to enhance avenir production.
A new strategic partnership with Tstelling, Four-Ds and the acquisition of a German firm, Atbb, had been established. On 26 May 2017, a strategic cooperation agreement was concluded between Desaixive and the Tseng vehicle, which would support all aspects of Texas with cloud-end and large-scale data-processing capabilities and facilitate the acquisition of motor electronic hardware for the Tsai race.
Manufacturers have transformed to a soft and hard-driving solution provider; on March 13, 2019, Desecway completed the acquisition of the German Advanced antenna technology company, atbb Inc., which mainly provides the solution of the advanced intelligent antenna, its original management, technical talent, and research and development technology.
The heart and its stronger market competitiveness will facilitate the operation of the Leedssewig Smart Network, which will lay the foundation for its future penetration in overseas cities; in June 2019, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed with the new four-dimensional map, which will cooperate in areas such as the autonomous driving of high-resolution maps and smart networks.
Core competitiveness of companies: management, R & D, incentives, customized solutions for the mainframe plant 24 years of foreign management, optimization of management, R & D and client  24 years of foreign genetics and continuous optimization of the management system. In mid-1998, the German-German joint venture introduced internationalization flows
In 1998, Chen Chun-hyun was appointed by foreign shareholders as the general manager of the company. In 2010, the company succeeded in retaining all business management teams as part of the joint venture recapitalization process. Twenty-four years of foreign management have brought to the company excellent managerial talent and advanced management experience. Desai Weiwei has been in production skills.
In 2016, Siemens was introduced as a partner in the field of product life-cycle management (plm) software. As China’s leading provider of electronics for automobiles, China’s entire electronics program has been able to develop its own technology and management.
For technology-driven enterprises, higher R & D inputs are one of the necessary conditions for firms to maintain a competitive advantage. In 2018, firms expanded their R & D workforce to a large extent.
(31 per cent growth in R & D personnel in 2018) and although corporate income grew weak in 2018-2019 due to overall traffic sales, companies continued to increase their R & D investment in intelligent driving, smart cabins and car connectivity, with R & D spending increasing by about 20-30 per cent and R & D spending accounting for the camp
The average salary of the Division ' s R & D staff is higher than that of the coboda and Hangzhou Quans in Shanghai, much higher than that of the Huayang groups in the same state, and has grown faster in the last three years, suggesting that companies have added more high-end R & D staff and that there are relatively sufficient incentives for R & D personnel.
Depending on the shareholder background and management qualities of the foreign capital, the company became an Audi-based supplier as early as 1989. Current customers cover high-quality customers in the EU, Japan, and home-grown countries.
Figure 37: The company ' s main clients: the public, the public, the public, Volvo, Chang Anfort, the general upper gas, the daf, etc.
Toyota, Toyota, Toyota, Toyota (Indonesia), Majuda, Chang Ammadha, Mato, Toyoshi, etc.
Gilley, Wally, Bus, Car, Red Flag, Chirre, Biadey, Ideal, Pinocchio, Vera.
Good incentives: as of the first quarter of 2021, the first largest shareholder in Desai Siwei held a share in Hyezhou City Innovative Investment Ltd. 29.73 per cent, and the State Finance Committee in Hye County held 100 per cent of the ownership of Hyezhou City.
Controllers; the second largest shareholder is the Desai Group, holding 28.56% of the shares. The company has an equity incentive for its employees through the five largest employees, namely, Tai Waild, Willinger, Heng Hee-Wei, Willichan, Willemin, 18.14%, which is conducive to stabilizing the company’s core personnel. The company’s current chairman is a Singaporean citizen.
Chen Chunxing, Chinese, has been senior management of the company since 1999 and became Chairman of the De Cesswell in June 2015, while the main head of the business has been a core member of the company at its inception, the core barrier: software and hardware connectivity, helping the mainframe to customize its services
▪ Software and hardware connections to help customize the mainframe plant. Automobile electronics require a large amount of specialized research and development in software, electronics, communications, telemetry, industrial design, structural design, and engineering design.
During the development of the system and the current smart pilot, smart space controllers, the company has accumulated a great deal of development experience. From the perspective of the mainframe plant, future efforts will focus on the core functions of face-to-face users such as autopilot algorithms, ui interactive logic designs; and the commons focus on Weida, Hightower, qnx, etc.
The role of the company is to build linkages between the mainframe plant and the generic module provider, helping the car company to perform customized functions, typically through collaboration between the company and British Weida and Peng.
• Extension to the hardware sector. The company has made breakthroughs in hardware such as millimetre wave radar, t-box over the past few years, and has achieved national leadership levels, such as the t-box jump to industry III in 2020 and the company 77ghz mm wave radar in 2019.
Smart drivers and smart pods are on the rise. Profit forecasts: revenue is expected to double over the next three years. 1, adas operations: corporate domain controllers will be matched with small p5 and ideal x01 models, respectively.
Production in the second half of 2021 and in 2022; manufacture in the second half of 2020 of company automatic parking, 360 optics, etc., adas products in the Jili model; 2 - Carborne Information and Recreation System: the company opened a new toyota, Hiroshima, etc. between 2018 and 2020
Toyota is a client of the Toyota company, which in the second half of 2021 will produce bulk products in the Toyota hot-gate model of Carola, Handa, etc., and which will be released in 22 years; the upgrading of the smart cabin (one-core multiscreen, etc.) will drive the company's vehicle fleet; the increase in the value of the information and entertainment system bicycles;
3. Body information and control systems: with the intelligentization of cars, the penetration rate of the smart cabins has increased and the need for traditional air-conditioning control systems has decreased, assuming that the company's revenues will decline over the next three years of the business;
In the future, the most significant benefits will be derived from the increase in the share of British Weida ' s automated chip market; millimetre-wave radars are at the forefront of the country and yield; and the t-box, 360-degree spectra systems will be the third and third, respectively, of the industry in 2020.
In terms of smart cabins, the company produced a new generation of smart cabins based on the Hypervisor in 2020, the company made a big breakthrough in the Toyota system, and the share of smart cabins is expected to increase considerably.
The chip shortage mitigation process is below the expected risk that the cost of the company's raw materials will be about 30-40 per cent of the cost of electronic raw materials, that the price of electronic components, such as chips, will increase the cost of the company's procurement, and that the shortage of chips will affect the volume of the company's products.
With the release of more capacity in September, the chip problem should be largely resolved. But if the chip shortage is less than expected, it will have an impact on the company’s production.
There is a risk that the market share of new forces, autonomous brands, joint ventures, etc., will change considerably in the larger wave of electric intelligence, and there is a risk that the sales of the supporting model will fall short of expectations.
To join the technological giants in the risk of increased competition, such as China, Dajiang and others in the field of smart driving, and to provide part or whole of the solution, including cameras, radars, domain controllers, etc., or the risk of increased competition.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment