Integration builds core competitiveness, and the bottom of the cycle is expected to rise back, and the gift material is the global tap of the electrolyte, leading the industry through integration and technological progress. The gift material is the lead business in the electrolyte production, leading the energy industry, and highly tied to the head battery.
In 2023, the global market was about 36%, ranked first in the world. As the company sells lithium salt and expands overseas markets in the future, the market rate will rise further.
In order to save the capital, the company has introduced advanced technologies to achieve self-production of lithium hexafluoride and its upstream raw materials, such as lithium fluorine and pentafluoride, while using liquid lithium hexafluorate techniques to avoid a single step of pure crystallization. Under the integrated layout, the company ' s electrolyte production costs are lower than those of its peers, and supply and demand are loose.
2) With regard to new technologies, companies actively deploy new lithium salt lifsi, various additives and solid-state electrolytes, leading the technology and energy industries, opening up long-term development space.
The industry is expected to enter the bottom of the cycle with the gradual release of the total market value/discharge (millions of yuan) of hexafluoride and electrolysis.
At the same time, companies are actively developing positive materials, battery recovery, and glue operations, working together to build a second-growth curve: 1) positive materials and battery recovery, with companies gradually developing from lithium quartz to carbon.
Three-quarterly review of TA: Lithium Acid, vertically integrated layout with iron phosphate into lithium phosphate and layout of lithium battery recycling.
In order to ensure the closure of the lithium electric material industry chain, the company has now cooperated with various battery owners to supplement the supply of lithium-filled resources; (2) in the business of glue, the company acquired Tungyu and its structural glue business < < < < Tianchi material 2024 semi-annual: lithium salt
The increase in sales has been higher, and companies have introduced four self-researched alternatives to positive and negative polar glue, and sales have increased market access and integration capacity has continued.
I'm--2024-09-05 < < < < gifted material assessment: expected electrolytic fluid taps > > > > > - 2024-09-05 < < > > : Prospective rates of electrolytic fluid taps > > > . > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > .
We believe that the electrolyte industry is at the bottom of the cycle and the company is expected to return to the bottom of the cycle with a cost advantage >--2024-03-14. ]
Integration becomes core competitiveness, and the end of the cycle is expected to rise back, and for decades, the deep-dry electrolysis industry, with large customers + integration, creating a leader position, (i) moving from day to day into the lithium cell material market, and moving into the electrolyte tap.
In 2002, the technology to break through silicon products was difficult, and the Guangzhou organic silicon company was set up to officially open organic silicon rubber operations. In 2005, the company began to enter the Lithium Battery Materials Market and began large-scale sales of lithium cell electrolysis in 2007.
Liquid products, the company has thus formed three major business plates of personal nursing materials, lithium ion battery materials, and organic silicon rubber materials. In 2011, the company achieved the self-production of lithium hexafluoride, making it one of the few companies in the country with the know-how to produce lithium hexafluorate.
The course of the company’s development can be divided into the following four phases: 2000-2007, 2007-2011, 2011-2018 and 2019: research and development, production and marketing of personal care materials. Building on the accumulation of technology in the production of silicone products for personal care, in 2002 the gifted materials financed the establishment of the Guangzhou organic silicon company, which produces organic silicon rubber and forms another business block of the company.
In view of the vast development prospects of the middle lithium batteries, a research and development team was formed to develop and develop lithium ion battery materials. After two years of research and development and the gradual development of the lithium battery market, the company began to produce and sell electrolyte in bulk in 2007. The company then formed a solarized material, lithium battery material, organic silicon rubber, the troika (2) 2007-2011: introduction of advanced technology to produce lithium hexafluorate.
In December 2007, the company signed an agreement with the United States Chemical Technology Corporation, Dr. Novistmith, to introduce lithium hexafluoride production technology in a technology transfer manner. At this stage, in conjunction with the technology offered by Dr. Novissmith, the company was led by the Chief Engineer to form a research and development team to optimize and improve the process and production process to produce lithium hexafluoride.
In 2014, the company acquired Dong Keahin, fast-tracking into the Ningde era and atl supply chain, becoming the global supplier of electrolyte.
In 2016, the company replenished its capital, Jiang Jimut, in the field of electrolyte additives, to expand the downstream application of lithium hexafluoride; and invested in the Jiang So-chung transfer of lithium hexafluorophosphoric acid upstream materials of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide to secure the supply of upstream raw materials. In 2016, the company replenished its capital, Jiang Si-ed, to cut into the field of positive materials. So, the company developed both a vertical layout of lithium carbonate - lithium hexafluorate - lithium electrolyte, and a positive distillation of lithium carbonate - iron phosphate - iron lithium phosphate.
The industrial chain, which forms the horizontal layout of “the electrolyte liquids - positive materials”, creates synergies between the two-way layouts of the industrial chain, guarantees the stability of the supply chain, effectively controls the Department's investment in the construction of a project for the construction of a 100,000-ton annual lithium battery electrolyte in the Czech Republic, the launch of the internationalization of the gifted materials in 2020, and the signing of an agreement with Tesla in November 2020 to supply Tesla with the electrolyte product into the Tesla supply chain.
Project development continues, project site selection, land purchase etc., and the company intends to promote integrated overseas productive capacity building through the establishment of a subsidiary in Morocco, further accelerating the process of international client development. (ii) Corporate equity structures are stable, and core management technology genes provide an advantage for R & D
The second largest shareholder in the Department is Hong Kong Central Clearing Company Ltd., with a 3.14% share. The company has a more concentrated and stable shareholding. The company now has a number of wholly-owned and controlled subsidiaries, of which Xijiang Chijiang in Jiangxi Province is the largest production base for the gifted materials and the largest lithium hexafluoride manufacturing base in the world.
Founded in 2007, the company is located in the Kansang Bay Industrial Park, Kojiang City, Jiangxi Province, and is based on the Yugang Tianjin, Xinjiang Tianhui, Xinjiang Tianhui, Xiang Circulation of resources, Xi Xiang Xiang Xiang, Xi Xiang Xian Xin, Xin Xin, Xin Xian Xiao, Xin Xian Xiao, Xiang Xiang Xiao, Xiang Xiang, Xiang Xiang Xiang, Xiang Xiang Xiang, Xiang Xiang Xiang, Xiang Xiang, Xiang Xiang, Xiang Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, X, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, X, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, X
The core management is technologically based, sound, and focused on research and development inputs, and on the technology and cost advantages of the company. The director and managing director of the company, Xu Jinfu, was the master of chemistry at the Chinese Academy of Sciences, formerly the general manager of Doming Chemical Ltd. in Guangzhou City, and since 2004 Xu Fumi has captured the vast promise of the new energy industry of lithium electricity, leading the development team of lithium battery materials; and the installation of lithium hexafluorate began in 2007 and caused the eruption of the gift material in the new energy automobile industry.
The period of growth has been the most direct beneficiary. The director and deputy general manager, Seo Sam-sun, has been a mechanic and deputy director of the mechanical workshop for Zhejiang's mega-share plant, the chief of the Zhejiang mega-share fluorinated plant, assistant director and deputy director of the plant. The company's management has worked for many years in the industry, focusing on research and development inputs, and has provided important support for the company's technological accumulation and cost control.
There has been an overall increase in research and development inputs in recent years. The company ' s research and development staff represent about 7.98% of the total workforce, including 128 masters and 27 doctors. The company currently has a national enterprise technology centre, a workshop station for academicians, a post-doctoral research workshop, a Guangdong province engineering and technological development centre, a Guangdong province enterprise technology centre, an enterprise technology centre in Jiangxi province, a lithium cell electrolysis material engineering laboratory in Guangdong province,
In conjunction with the Engineering Research and Development Centre of the Ministry of Electrical and Chemical Energy and Technology Education, and in collaboration with universities, the company has established the “Energent Materials Chemical Consortium Laboratory” with the Chinese Teacher University of China, which has developed in-depth cooperation on the metal lithium cell, solid-state electrolysis project, which has successfully applied the high-voltage solution solution to the company's high-voltage electrolytic solution products, and the “Joint Response and Process Laboratory” with the University of Technology of South China, which has established the “Joint Response and Process Laboratory for Fluorine-based Hydroelectric Materials” with the Guangdong University of Industry.
The company, as a firm that has been working for more than 10 years in the electrolysis industry, especially in the area of lithium hexafluoric acid, has been focusing on the development of sodium ion cells. The company is involved in the national priority research and development project for 14th-year planning, which focuses on storage and smart grids, and is responsible for the project entitled “Bim-watt-hour sodium ion battery storage technology” led by the physics institute of the Chinese Academy: sodium ion ion.
Sub-cells have high-stable electrolyte material optimization and mass production techniques. As the sole producer of electrolyte fluids involved in the project, the company is expected to start a new round of growth, driven by sodium ion cell material technology (iii) and led by lithium cell material operations, after 2019, with a significant increase in net profit from company collection and repatriation.
On the profit side, the company ' s net profit in 2019 was $16 million, with lower profits, owing to losses in positive materials, lithium salt manufacture, and lithium smelting operations, as well as inventory losses, such as lithium lithite. In 2020, the price of electrolytic fluids rose steadily, leading to a significant increase in net profit from the company ' s parentage, and in 2021 and 2022, the price of polar materials rebounded rapidly, and the profit level is expected to recover gradually as the subsequent price rises and the company ' s efficiency gains are further reduced.
The demand for electric vehicles is expected to keep growing, the demand for storage and energy markets is rising rapidly, and the demand for new global energy vehicles is expected to grow steadily: according to the Chinese Auto-Industries Association, in January-October 2024, we completed 9.78 million vehicles and 9.75 million vehicles, respectively, representing an increase of 33 per cent and 34 per cent, respectively.
We believe that the global demand for new energy vehicles is expected to grow steadily, with global electricity sales expected to increase by 24/27% on a year-on-year basis in 2025/2026. Global demand for storage batteries has risen rapidly: domestic markets, wind and light voltage continue to grow, and according to the National Energy Authority, January-June 2024.
In January-June 2024, according to the China-Korea storage industry union, the size of our new storage capacity increased by 26.4 gwh, or 48.5%. In overseas markets, as a result of economic upscaling and increased demand for renewable energy, the landing of United States storage capacity projects accelerated and the growth of large storage capacity was strong;
With policies in place, a number of large-scale gwh-level storage system projects have been launched as a fast-growing market for incremental demand. We believe that global demand for storage capacity markets is expected to grow rapidly on a sustained basis, benefiting from factors such as accelerated renewable energy conversion, storage policy, and optimization of the market environment.
(i) Cost advantages created by the integrated layout of the electrolyte fluids. Quality customer-upgrading rates The company ' s Lithium Power Materials Māori Industry is a leader: in recent years, the company ' s Māori industry has been a leader, reaching a peak of 38 per cent in 2022, well above the industry. The Māori rate declined in 2023 and 2024, largely influenced by the recovery of the price of the QEL, but the company ' s Māori ratio is still higher than the industry as a whole.
The company’s electric fluids city is the world’s number one, and the subsequent market share is expected to rise further. The main electric fluid producers in the country are gifted materials, New Zeus, Jiang Soo-kyo-tae, Young-tae technology, Toshigi-gi-gi-gi-gi-su, Joo-Yu-Yu, etc. The main producers abroad are Mitsubishi-woo, Nimiko Central, and Panax in Korea.
As the world's leading supplier of electrolyte, the gift material has outperformed the industry in recent years and the market is the strongest, and we expect a further increase in the share of companies to be expected, mainly because: (1) the industry is leading the integrated industrial chain, with significant cost advantages; (2) the company is deeply tied to large customers by entering into long-term supply agreements with strategic customers such as the Ningde era, lig, and so on, rapidly increasing market access, while actively developing the core raw materials of lithium hexafluoric acid and so on.
Lifsi sells new customers, takes the lead in overseas construction, and further boosts the city’s share; 3) spearheads a new generation of electrolytic materials, including lifsi, solid-state electrolytes, and so on, and is expected to secure a leading position in the transformation of the material system.
The core electrolytic raw materials and additives vc, dtd, and lithium difluorophosphate form an integrated layout strategy based on electrolyte raw materials. In 2020, in a non-public launch project, the company once again consolidated the industrial chain of “sulfuric acid - hydrofluoric acid - lithium hydrofluoride - lithium hexafluorate - lithium electrolyte” by refining the industry chain of “lithium hexafluoride” to improve the self-production rate of raw materials and continuously enhance the company’s core competitiveness.
Of these, lithium hexafluorophosphate is an important component of the electrolyte, at a cost of 40-50 per cent. The company uses liquid lithium hexafluorate production technology to produce lithium hexafluorate in an organic solvent environment, directly produces the solvent and lithium hexafluorate in a blended state as an electrolyte, saves crystallization steps, and has multiple advantages in terms of unit investment, raw material utilization, volume production rate, carbon emissions, etc., and is easier to mix and avoid solid solubility in the configuration of an electrolyte solution.
The company now produces 330,000 tons of liquid lithium hexafluorate, and produces more than 98% of the production costs at a very low cost to its peers. The company produces various additives of its own, improves quality, ensures supply, and reduces costs.
3000 tonnes, with an additional capacity of 20,000 tonnes. The company Fec is building 10,000 tonnes/year. The company dtd is producing 5,400 tonnes (resolidated), and the company's capacity to produce 80,000 tonnes (liquids). The company's self-supply capacity is in the lead. With regard to new additives, the company has also laid out lidfp, libob, lipo2f2, lidfop chart 16: Solvents account for the highest percentage of electrolyte costs.
In 2014, the company acquired Dong Kehin and quickly entered the Ninder era and atl ' s supply chain. In 2020, the department issued a public announcement that the subsidiary Xijiang Tianjiang had signed a contract with Tesla to supply the lithium ion cell electrolyte product to Tesla and successfully cut into the Tesla supply chain.
In June 2024, the company signed another material supply agreement with the Ningde era and actively promoted the sale of lithium hexafluorate and lifsi as core raw materials, continuing to expand its clients and increasing its city share. The company actively expanded its overseas customers and further increased its market share.
Dyson, sdi, bmw, panasonic, etc. have all entered a phase of close cooperation, with clients who have worked for many years, ig, village fields, etc., receiving a higher share of supply and good ratings.The company is now operating smoothly at the oem factory in Germany, the North American electrolytic fluid project is continuing, the project sites, land purchases, etc., are collapsing, and the company intends to promote integrated overseas productive capacity-building through the establishment of a subsidiary in Morocco, further accelerating the process of international customer development, while the company has set up a model office in Korea.
Lifsi's performance is better than lithium hexafluoride, which is a new direction for the future development of lithium salt. Lifsi is a new electrolytic solution.
The potential for partial replacement of lithium hexafluoride is a new direction for future electrolyte soluble material development. The main barrier to the current volume production of lifsi is the low conversion rates of feedstock use and the high cost of treatment of pollutants, so that it is generally used as an additive to improve the conductivity of the electrolytic fluids, mainly in three-dollar batteries, with some of the phosphate lithium batteries starting to be added, with an average of 2% added to the industry as a whole. With the technological breakthrough, lifsi costs are expected to be comparable to lithium hexafluoride, and the needs of lifsi are expected to be high.
(ii) Positive business accelerates and creates new future growth points. The company's positive material business has been under cultivation for many years as an important component of the circular industry development layout, with the chain gradually extending upwards and in the positive material industry.
In 2024, the company focused on the treatment of 300,000 tons of iron phosphate projects (phase I) to reduce the cost of iron phosphate by increasing the stability of product quality and capacity utilization, and to enhance the competitive advantage of the product; while promoting improvements in the production process, the company focused on a number of drop-down measures such as oxidizing, recycling of iron phosphate and the creation of solid material for the company.
In product applications, phosphate products break through head customers, companies speed up the certification cycle for new customers, successfully import new customers, and provide a good basis for consolidating corporate industry status and promoting efficiency gains in subsequent positive material operations. As a result of the upgrading of head customers and product stability, corporate sales of phosphate products increased by 67% in the first half of 2024 compared to the same year, but due to intense competition in products.
Positive business profitability remains high. As phosphate products continue to be released, it is expected that the horizontal layout of the firm’s positive materials will be further refined and the competitive advantage of the company’s core material integration costs will be further highlighted.
The layout of the lithium battery recovery operation has resulted in the closure of the lithium-electric chain. Based on the current integrated layout of the lithium-cell industrial chain, the resourceization of used lithium-cells; recycling of the output of high-purity lithium carbonate, iron phosphate and nickel-cobalt manganese sulfate, which are the basic raw materials for the production of lithium batteries, will save some of the cost of lithium carbonate; further strengthening the strategic layout of the company ' s supply chain of lithium-cell electrolyte cores; and fostering new profit growth points for the company and enhancing its profitability.
With the successful start of the pure line of lithium carbonate and the smooth and steady start, the company now has the option of mining to smelting and extracting the pure lithium carbonate.
The company actively promotes the commissioning of lithium carbonate production lines of participating subsidiaries, meets the needs of lithium carbonate for self-use, connects the whole chain of production from the end of the mine to the high purity level of lithium carbonate, and collates the operation of lithium carbonate futures hedges, further reducing the impact of market price fluctuations in raw materials.
In terms of solar materials operations, the sales of solar materials have continued to grow steadily, thanks to the successful import and upswing of new products. The products produced by companies consist mainly of a range of products such as surfactants, silicone, water soluble polymers, ion-modulators, organic silicon, and rubber-agent materials.
In the first half of 2024, the company increased its sales of dailyized materials by 7.5% and its sales by 11.36% over the same period in 2023. At the same time, in order to respond quickly to national brands, it continued to dig deep into cross-border mnc demand and increase its share of the new market.
The dominant positive-polar glue is pvdf, and the market is concerned about negative-polar glues such as cmc, sbr, etc. The demand for glues is growing rapidly, driven by the sale of new energy vehicles. On the supply side, because of the higher barriers to high-end glue production, suppliers are concentrated in foreign manufacturers, and the high-end glues are produced at a lower national rate. Because of the similarity of the process of production of glues and company day-to-day products, companies can daily produce lines.
A flexible switch to a sticker line to contribute to future additions. In June 2022, the company launched four new pieces of sticker: graphite negative sticker tactivee124, graphite/silicon carbon negative sticker tactivek112, lfp positive sticker tactivet126, lco, ncm positive sticker tactivep124.
Volume production and delivery capacity: totalive 124 has been produced with a certain mass delivery capacity; tincivek112 has 5,000 tons of capacity per year; tincivet126 is in the stage of production; tincivep124 has been produced with a certain mass delivery capacity. Future companies are expected to build a new corporate growth curve, with strong R & D and volume capacity, to promote a process of substitution for national production of new glues.
The company adopted the Bill on the Acquisition of Equity and Related Transactions on 23 November 2022, the public department acquired 85% of the ownership of the company, and the business changes were completed on 6 March 2023 and incorporated into the merger since March 2023. Tungwei was established in 2006 to focus on the development of scientific and technological innovations in electronic glue, with the main business product being the glue product. The glue is a good product.
With the development of new energy vehicles, the constant increase in demand for power batteries and the increasing level of technology is an important driving force in the development of the lithium battery glue product. The properties of the product include high bond strength, high flame retardation levels, high resilience, high-conductive heat, etc. The company has been working for years in the sub-sector of power cell glue.
At the same time, the company now covers a large number of domestic power cell manufacturers in the Ningde era, China Innovation, etc., and is able to maintain close contact with client technicians, in real-time technological innovation and formulation upgrading, and to maintain industry leadership. As the number of customers rises, the growth of corporate business is expected to lead to a sustained increase in corporate bonding operations.
Increased competition in the industry and less demand downstream than expected.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make their own investment decisions.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.