The change dividend continues to be released after the validation of the demand for Quantities. On 30 October 2019, $9,951 million (+27.1 per cent) was realized, resulting in a net return of $3,208 million (+34.55 per cent) to the mother.

The Division continues to promote control, control and bargaining power, and validate our channels. Four quarters, now less than one month of market stock and four quarters of upscaling, as the implementation of the universal five quota is nearing completion. Looking ahead, next year, in the context of consumption escalation, the demand for white liquor terminals and distribution capital.
Source accelerates head-to-head concentration, and P5 is expected to increase further, with single items like 39 degrees, five grain fluids, and 1618 expected to move. Grass-roots research distributors generally have positive feedback, and next year’s increase is expected to be sufficient under the price cycle, and the process of new recruits to fill gaps and weaknesses is well under way.
▪ Improved bargaining power of high-quality cash flow companies: The Māori ratio of 19q1-q3 companies is expected to show a significant increase in the quality of cash flows in conjunction with the promotion of consumer growth and advocacy by eight generations of listed companies, marketing systems coupled with a net operating cash flow of 16.19 billion yuan (compared to +12.3 billion yuan).
The change took place in the new millennium, with a significant increase in bargaining power, and the certification of corporate brand recognition and end-marketing in good shape.  Reform dividend extension: the company nominated the secretary of the original Ippei City Trixie District on 6 September.
ii. " Five grains fluids (000858): performance plan group general manager, who was always good at management, helped to raise the ranking of county cities by two, overall personnel transfer met expectations and the dividends of reform continued to be released.
It's all about the new management's aggressiveness. It's also about Xu, who has the ability to market more brand names, 2019-08-06, and Huang Hua, who will manage it, showing that the company will focus more on corporate goods.
3 “Five grain fluids (000858): Two cards to build up marketing capacity, and the reform dividend will continue further.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board