Confirms that the new team has brought into the new world, five grain fluids, five grain fluids, three quarters of 2019.
The company, which is a major industry in the production, sale and sale of five grain fluids and their series of wine, has been systematically developed to develop dozens of different types of food springs, five grain gods, five grains of alcohol, and so on.
The net cash flow at different regional, cultural and sub-level levels has increased by 317.64% over the same period. Of this, q3 battalion receipts have increased by 27.10% over the same period, with a series of products that payers need.
The net profit of the mother grew by 34.55 per cent over the same period, with a continuous “3rd-quarter growth rate of 27.10 per cent in the white wine manufacturing and food industries in China, showing an accelerated trend, showing the company's performance in the middle and autumn seasons.
In the upper middle of the list, the market is well-led. Sales and services received $14.36 billion in cash, an increase of 55.6 per cent over the same period, pre-collected accounts of $5.865 billion, an increase of 34.70 per cent over the end of the second quarter, and sales returns are positive.
The marketer was active in hoarding the money, which shows that the price of high-end liquor was well received and distributed. After the first half of the year, the company started to raise the price, which went up to Dip 5 in July, with the terminal retail price rising to $1399 per bottle, and the price of the seventh P5 in the Kawasang market rising to $960/.
Around the bottle, based on a one-quarter q3 sales, price increases have been smooth, with a decline in the five batches in some of the following areas due to the high speed of the season, followed by a small run-down up to about $930. The company’s profit-side major disruptions are product price increases, cost controls, and Māori rates have been substantially lower in the previous three quarters.
The cost rate for the first three quarters was 13.11%, the same level of consumption was generally stable, and the net interest rate for q3 was 32.24%, with an increase of 1.79 pct, non-principal business film, optimized product structure of the series of wine integration products, and channel reform will gradually yield results.
Integrating reforms and focusing on high-middle brands, self-employed brands, and core brands. The company’s three original series of wine fairs are integrated into one, with a continuous clean-up of the series of wine products from the overdrafts. The thinning of the product structure will result in further brand power and increased profitability.
As the company takes more control over the channel, it ensures that the price increases are steadily falling and that future batches can last up to a thousand yuan.
East Hing Securities reports five grains of liquid (000858): the price increases are confirmed again, and the new team is brought into the new world.
The high-end white wine industry has a more stable and concentrated pattern, with two giants at the high-end market of about 80-85% at the top, the five-food fluids will continue to hold the high-end kilo-dollar belt based on brand values, while the reform of the channel will ensure steady consumption of the high-end products of the company. In our view, the five-food fluids have greater scope for market expansion in the face of real demand for high-end alcohol consumption, with 19.16 million tons of the five-food liquids sold in 18 years, exceeding the low-end sales.
Three times the amount, and the future will go further.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports five grain fluids (000858): the volume increases confirm that the new team is bringing in new frontier materials, retail trade, social services, light-work paper, agro-forest farming, textile apparel research.
The research assistant gives a brief overview of the study by Chang Dong-shek.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.