Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research Center Exchange of 5-Little-Little 1217 Investors and 1218 Distributors Congress. Digital Construction Support for Marketing Reforms, and Marketing Process Management are being strengthened.
Set up to capture specific customers, time, and cargo flows. Demand has diminished in the recent sub-season, with some vendors experiencing liquidity problems as a result of planning to outpace marketing capacity, leading to a slight volatility in market prices. In 2020, the Division will maintain a steady middle-key approach, further deepening the market camps for short, long-slate, and upgrading new dynamic energy.
Overall marketing approach, with price stability at its core, enhanced quality control, improved digital precision marketing, continued marketing and organizational re-engineering, strengthened corporate headquarters and the section of the marketing field plan.
Learning and rationality, tracking of specific prices, precision regulation in each war zone and in every business, based on the tri-quarter review 2019, product structure continued to be optimized and alcohol series planned for the future.
(b) Self-employedly cleared 72 products. The future objectives of the series of wines are to establish a market-based market access system.
3. " Performance in the first half of the year meets expectations, looks forward to three quarters of newity, rigorous marketing tests, optimal upgrading of traditional channels, increased ka, power vendor layout, and continued rigorous marketing and precision of costs. " We expect regional organizations to be flattened as the organizational structure basically evolves.
In the first quarter of the year, it is worth a five-volume price increase, and there is a continuous improvement in the channel of the gin.
930 yuan, the dealer’s inventory is maintained for less than two months, and companies do not impose a charge on the dealer. In 2020, 5. Income exceeded expectations, the next 100 billion years started - 5.8%. With the contribution of alcohol, we expect an overall revenue growth of 58.7 billion yuan by 2020.
In the post-cyclical period, in the context of economic and political pressure and a high base, the white-drink industry has declined at a natural rate, and at the core is the continued health optimization of the various links. We still have a strong eye on the chasm, certainty.
Channel reform has not been as effective as expected; overall demand has not been as expected; food safety risks; relevant report rating ratio analysis in the market has been calculated and the final rating has been calculated as the market average investment