Food beverages for the five grains liquids (000858) High performance growth driven by a high volume price increase and continued optimization of cash flows
• Summary of performance: the company achieved business income of $37.1 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, i.e. 27 per cent of the year; achieved a net profit of $13.1 billion for the mother, i.e. + 35 per cent of the year. Of this, $1.9q3 billion, i.e. + 27 per cent of the year, a net profit of $3.21 billion, i.e., +35 per cent of the year, was earned in line with expectations, with profits slightly exceeding expectations.
. . ..a high-performance growth driven by rising volume prices and sustained optimization of cash flows. In the eighth quarter of the third quarter, the concentration of the fifth generation of grains increased by 13% per unit price relative to the seventh generation, while benefiting from an upswing and an upswing in consumption, with sales increasing by 20% to the right. Since this year, there has been a marked improvement in the channel of the five grains, with batch prices rising continuously (from $810-820 at the beginning of the year).
To $930-950, the profitability of the distributors has increased significantly, the thrust of the channels has increased significantly, and the volume of sales has continued to grow. At the same time, the company has strengthened its channel control, control of the board, channel and consumer scavenging systems, step-by-step management of the channels, and the channels have become clearer and more effective. The advance payments of $5.87 billion were received at the end of the three quarters.
The dollar, the same ratio + 140%, the ring + 35%, the cash inflows from operating activities + 59%, is associated with three quarters of advance payments, and the cash flow continues to optimize. • The Māori rate has increased slightly, taxes and surcharges have fallen, cost rates have fallen, and profits have increased faster than income.
Taxes and surcharges fell by more than 1 percentage point, cost by 0.6 percentage points, overall net interest rates rose by 1.3 to 35.4 percentage points, and profitability continued to rise.
Channels and terminal management have been effectively upgraded: (a) batch prices have continued to rise, channel profits have increased and distributors have become more motivated; and the price of the new generation of five grains has been raised to $889. (b) Channels and terminals have been substantially improved, and the top five suppliers have taken a dominant position in the market and are well placed to do business.)
The company’s net profits for the next three years are expected to be $17.6 billion, $21.5 billion, respectively.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.