Day-to-day consumption of food, beverages and tobacco Five grain fluids: the Group's goal of 100 billion is in danger and the next year's steady pace of progress: recent participation in the company's annual 1218 dealer conference, 2019
The target of $50 billion in sales revenue for bid and share companies has been achieved, the company has been set to move steadily in the coming year, the quality of its operations has been maintained, and next year's business income target has been increased by more than double digits.
The volume, structural optimization, and the shift towards serviceable distributors have led to the addition of about 400 new distributors and the acquisition of customers by the United Dealers Development Group.
Total equity/flow (million shares) and confidence are also the first steps towards a return in the value of the price of the liquid product.
The increase in the end price is the top priority of next year's work. We believe that standing on a thousand dollars will be a more strategic step in the coming years, whether the company sets expectations from a price priority, increases the number of digits, allows for more flexible operating space, or optimizes its channels through digital systems.
The strategy of matching the supply and demand of the five grain fluids (000858), 2019, is all helping. We judge that with the company's series of measures, three-quarterly reviews: the speed with which the high-end alcohol is released, the speed with which it is delivered is high.
The price of the five grains will increase steadily next year, and the “1+3” strategy will become more idiosyncratic and the product matrix will become more focused – 2019/09/02
Dimensions: Create a unique, scarce and individual high-end five-food fluid series: build a rejuvenation, five-food fluids (000858) with a higher profit growth, a remunerative and low-level five-food fluid series; create a new international version of the five-food fluid series with a gradual approach
The batch prices are going up steadily -- 2019/08/06. Imaging down. Super-high 501 (Image pool, Clear pool, landing around the New Year), 80 editions of drum bottles (Record classics) and low product focus to 39 degrees of five grain fluids next year.
It will be upgraded to break through the price-fixing system and seek independent pricing systems. In addition, 1618 and cups continue to locate tactical products and act as a shield for core products.
A series of wine cleanings continues, core products grow better, and next year the focus will continue. Since the consolidation in June of this year, organizational restructuring and staffing have been largely in place. A strong focus on medium- and high-priced, self-employed, core branded products, and a determined effort to eliminate counterfeiting and low-value-added products.
Since last year, 116 series, more than 1,000 series have been cleared for two years, 72 series of 249 bar codes have been cleaned up in the camps, and other brands are on the ground.
The wine series has grown by 34.3% this year, and the core product has been growing very well. In the second half of this year, $210 million has been invested in outdoor advertising in priority cities, raising the profile of brands, defusing the stock of channels to boost business confidence, and establishing standards of entry and evaluation for dealers.
Next year, the series focuses on four major national strategic brands, five food springs, five grains of ol, specials, cutting-edges, cleaning, catching sales, introducing quality distributors, a strong atmosphere, boosting the price system, and returning to the brand's price belt.
More incentives for distributors, additional prizes for distributors who follow the company’s strategic pace, higher incentives for distributors at the end of the year, and greater positive multiplier effects. The original prizes increased by 20% over the same period, and the market maintenance awards increased coverage.
With strong support for corporate strategy, and with the company’s shared commitment, the 7-generation and 7-generation stock distributors are rewarded for their excellence in making successful price increases, the series of wines are rewarded, and work together on core branding. The contribution prize of $5 million will be the highest single dealer in the past year.
Incentives in the form of cash to ensure that channels do not lead to cost disruptions and market order. This year, the overall incentive system was designed to make distributors more confident that companies were priced, and that future gains would come from a positive rather than a return point.
The company's operational capacity will be further enhanced next year with the support of the digital system, with a budget authorization system, a fee control system, annual budget management at the three levels of the field base at Headquarters, and a layered system of delegation of authority.
Active marketing, increasing the speed of market response and efficiency of implementation. This year, digitalization systems are more applied in the form of channel control, which will be extended to consumers next year, with digital means to innovate how high-end consumption needs to communicate and improve the experience of high-end consumption.
We judge that this year the company has achieved $50 billion in sales revenue, and as corporate reform deepens, the company becomes visible in brands and products, the consumer's perception of the company's high-end brands becomes clearer, the company manages internally, responds to market speeds and market problems.
Next year, in line with the deepening application of the digital system, we expect a steady rise in the price of the product market, and a five-food basket: the Group’s 100 billion targets are in danger and the next year’s adjustment will be steady.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.