Sujiyama Portfolio (000858.sz) Reason for reporting: 3-quarter review
q3 Performance meets expectations and profitability continues to improve
This represents an increase of 32.11 per cent and a revenue of $37.102 billion, or 26.84 per cent, respectively; the third quarter q3 ring continued to grow at an accelerated rate compared to the first half of the year, and cash flow indicators showed excellent performance. The company achieved business income of $37.102 billion in the first three quarters of the 19th quarter, resulting in a net profit of $12.54 billion to the mother, each increasing.
26.84 per cent and 32.11 per cent, of which single q3 achieved operating income of $9.951 billion, or +27.10 per cent, and the company increased the eighth Dip by five shipments (approximately 5,000 tons).
The company ' s overall annual target of $50 billion is largely due to the increase in the volume of core products of the five grains, which is 317.64 per cent, mainly due to the increase in operating income and the increase in the collection of currency bills due to banks in the current year, of which the net cash flow from single-q3 operations is $7,826 billion.
Cost control is effective and profitability is increasing. The company ' s net sales interest rate for the first three quarters of the 19th quarter was 35.38%, an increase of 1.32 pct over the same period, of which the single q3 net interest rate was 33.36%, an increase of 1.43 pct over the same period.
1.4 pct. The eighth generation of company new items was released mainly in the third quarter, with an increase in the price of the plant compared to the seventh generation, but the Māori rate is not yet reflected and is expected to be influenced by quarterly accounting. 2) The cost for the first three quarters of the period of sale was 13.11 per cent, a decrease of 0.63 pct, of which the sales and management rates were respectively.
28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City, with a management rate of 5.29 per cent, a decrease of 1.51 pct compared to the previous year, mainly due to the internal control of the company.
The financial cost is continuously optimized at a rate of 3.40 per cent, which is almost equal to the same amount. 7th floor of the centre is “digitized” and is equipped with an accelerator for marketing.
In line with the professionalization of \triangleright Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd., replace the existing seven major marketing centres with 21 marketing zones.
The company or its associated agencies may, subject to legal authorization, hold or trade securities or investment targets issued by listed companies referred to in this report, and may also provide or seek to provide these companies with investment banks or 60 marketing bases for the construction of “Headquarters, War Zones” deep-farm regional markets, rapid-response market models; and supplement more than 260 excellent marketing personnel with planning, personnel and costs.
The functions of accounting, etc., sink to the front line, facilitate team transition to digital terminal marketing, and improve the ability of end-of-service and consumer-friendly precision services. The company’s marketing digital platform is officially online, so that channel marketing, with the introduction of “digitization” tools, protects consumer rights on the one hand.
On the other hand, the marketing chain can be made shorter, transparent and visible, leading to more accurate inputs, less waste of resources, more effective management close to markets, and a 25 per cent increase in marketing efficiency in 2019, with companies now performing more than 25 per cent in the previous three quarters.
\triangleright has stabilized at $910-940, but despite the fall in prices, there is still a clear shortage of goods, a good five grains and an old cellar, while the company's channels and management capacity are constantly improving, year-round.
Billions, $24.551 billion, ps $4.41, $5.34 and $6.32, respectively, correspond to the company's August food safety risks, macroeconomic downside risks leading to a significant drop in the price of high-end alcohol, and provide this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.