q3 Maintenance of high q3 growth and continuous improvement in quality of operation 3-quarterly review of 5-food fluids (000858) 2019
The company issued a three-quarterly report in 2019, during which it realized total operating income/net parent profit of $37.102 billion/12.54 billion, or +26.84 per cent/+32.12 per cent in the same period; the equivalent of eps 3.23 yuan.
The two-way strategy has been effective to ensure a smooth and rapid growth in performance. With the thinning of brands, the competitiveness of brands and products has been further enhanced.
Increased sales costs and a significant increase in advance receipts reflect a significant increase in the dealer’s incentive to raise money in the first three quarters, the company’s Māori rate was 73.81%, compared to +0.34 ppt, and the combined Q3 Māori rate was 73.80%, compared to 1.41 ppt. The company’s successful sales in the previous three quarters, with a significant increase in the Māori rate in the liquor business overall.
Māori rate; a small decline in the q3 Māori rate or related to the quarterly cost confirmation tempo and cleaning up of branding operations. Large end inputs are the main reason for the increase in sales costs.
As a result of the remarkable performance of the pre-control premium operation, the distributors actively supported the company’s policy of spending during the mid-autumn period, which resulted in excellent performance in the three-quarterly advance billing line. The sales went well during the Mid-Autumn season, and q4 is expected to continue the control premium strategy.
In mid-Autumn, s01018080028 o3, the company's sales were better at 27.10% growth in the first quarter of the year. As a result of the increase in the volume of the quarterly distributors, the price fell to 910-920 yuan in some of the following areas.
The bulk price has gone up, and the mainstream price is currently around $940. In the absence of significant overall performance pressure on o4, companies are expected to scale up the implementation of the control premium strategy, and the delivery pace will be controlled.
In our report since this year, we have been able to describe the five grain fluids since this year in terms of “the fastest-growing income in the first line of three, and the five grain fluids are at their best since the recovery in the current round of industry”.
At the beginning of the year, excellent inventory results and the timely introduction of eight-generation five-generation food fluid replacements, the consolidation of a series of fine-tuning channels for re-engineering operations, the spread of the five channels and the feedback from distributors, have been in the best position since the current cycle. The rapid expansion of the spreads has also allowed the confidence of the channels to continue to be restored.
III. Profit forecasting and investment proposals maintain a “recommended” rating, taking into account the company’s future business growth. The economic downturn has dragged demand, price runs short of expectations, food safety issues, etc.
In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, as awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used to ensure reporting are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,