Performance was excellent and the dividends of the reform were constantly released - 3-quarterly reviews of the five grains (000858) Quarterly: 3-quarter reports issued by the company in 2019, with revenue of $37.1 billion in the reporting period, a year-on-year increase
26.8 per cent long; net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company amounted to $12.54 billion, an increase of 32.1 per cent in the same year; the net profit of $3.21 billion, an increase of 34.6 per cent in the same year; income and net profit increases of 2019q3 were increased, with the core product ' s five-volume value rising to the main driver of performance.
The company delivered about 5,000 tons during the mid-autumn season, and the company is expected to deliver about 20,000 tons in the last three quarters. On the price side, the price of the eighth-dip-five has been raised to $889, an increase of about 13 per cent over the same period, and the price has been raised from $1999 per bottle to $1399 per bottle, taking into account the gradual release of brand power as product prices have increased.
In the first half of the year, the collection and the eight-dip-five were smaller and still part of the seven-dip-five remained undelivered, and it was expected that the price of high-end alcohol in the second half of the year would contribute more to income than in the first half of the year, and that the dealer would have earned one Oyang Woo Sword.
There has been a steady increase in profitability and a significant increase in operating cash flows. The company’s Māori ratio and net interest rates have increased by 73.8% and 35.4%, respectively, over the reporting period, as compared to the same period last year.
At 1.3 percentage points, there was a steady increase in profitability; net cash flows from operating activities amounted to $16.19 billion, an increase of 317.6 per cent over the same year, mainly due to an increase in operating income during the current year and an increase in the collection of currency bills due to bank commitments
Zhang Xingxing released the change dividend, with an income target of $50 billion. With the company's 300,000 tons of pottery wine bank first phase, it's making steady progress, emulating products for clean-up, launching high-end 501,500 grain fluids, and further deepening the region.
With further improvements in the farming, distributor, and terminal networks, reform dividends are expected to continue to be released in the future, and since the four seasons are a good season for sales and performance is more certain, we believe that the company will be able to meet the $50 billion performance target.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, Beijing West Side Street, 1000th Hengsheng-hoon Road, Shanghai, China and China.
Fukuwa, Shenzhen Fukuda, is a free-trader in Chengdu China.
China Sea International Centre 17, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.