The yellowstone plant has significantly increased its profit-making capacity, and the power of the power plant (002463.sz) 5g base station and car digitization have provided a growth dynamic.
Fu Chu Hung reported in 2018 that during the reporting period it earned $5,497 million, an increase of 18.81 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother of $570 million, an increase of 180.29 per cent over the same period; and, ps of $0.34.
At the same time, the company announced its performance forecast for the first quarter of 2019, and it expects to realize a net return of $140-170 million, an increase of 99.48 per cent-142.22 per cent over the same period.
Wu Zhiqiang (i) The yellow stone factory’s losses and the high-end pcb share are driving growth.
Because of demand for network-based products such as data centres; a 7.10 percentage point increase in the Māori rate, information was provided for the preparation of this report, mainly because of the collapse of the Yellowstone I plant, improvements in the cost of cleaning plant technology and high-level production.
In spite of the low demand for downstream cars in 2018, the company ' s carboard business achieved a steady increase of 13.64 per cent in the same year; 24ghz radars with pcb, new energy car batteries, management systems with a quick delivery of pcb products, raising the Māori contribution rate by 2 percentage points.
Plant reversals and high-end pcb ratios drove company performance growth and profitability up to a 15.34 per cent rise in the weighted average roe in 2018, resulting in (ii) a sustained growth dynamic from the construction of 5g base stations and the electronicization of cars
The construction of the 5g base station will be gradually opened in 2019, with high demand in areas such as downstream communications, servers, and higher-end pcb ratios and higher prices in the industry. Yellowstone works are well on their way to production capacity at the end of the plant, and the plant will improve production capacity at the higher end.
As a pcb core supplier to overseas equipment suppliers, the company has completed most product certifications in 2018, and is expected to provide a strong performance elasticity for 2019. With the trend towards car intelligence and electronicization, the distance from radar pcb and new energy is measured.
High-end products, such as pcb, from the source-voltage management system, will start gradually and will provide the engine board business with a three-quarters assessment: the yellowstone factory’s ability to reduce its profitability has improved. We look forward to the company’s medium- and long-term development as a beneficiary of 5g and car digitisation.
With the expectation of rapid corporate growth this year, downgraded the firm's rating as “carefully recommended.” The construction of the 5g base station was not as fast as expected and the volume of automobile sales was not as high as expected.