The performance of the battalion has been significantly improved, with a total of 5g build-up and electricity shares published in 2018. The company achieved operating income and net profit returns in 2018 of $5497 million and $570 million, an increase of 19 per cent and 180 per cent, respectively, respectively.
The company estimated that 19q1 would achieve a net return profit of $140 to $170 million, an increase of 99 per cent to 142 per cent over the same period.
The camp situation has improved considerably, with the Yellowstone plant being turned into a surplus, a steady increase in micro-electric power, and a recovery in the profitability of the Qing Yu factory and a breakthrough in its record high level. The net profit from non-repatriation has been 517 million yuan for the year, with a breakdown of market occupancy, productivity utilization and management efficiency gains.
In 2018, the company benefited from new applications such as artificial intelligence, virtual currency, and high-speed computing centres The smooth running of operations, the demand for new customers and products steadily increased, the occupancy rate in the pcb segment market and the overall capacity utilization rate increased.
Quality and management efficiency continues to improve, leading to improved cost-cycles and a significant increase in profitability. The Quantifying Mills has been instructed to demonstrate intelligence workshops in Jiangsu province.
Telecommunications shares: projected: consolidated resources to prepare for 5gpcb supply with a significant increase in performance throughout the year, and 5g to be instrumental in the future.
In the area of business communications applications, the construction of 5g in 2018 was not officially started, and the company’s 5g product was technically certified as a majority of its products and has been involved in the construction of a network of 5g tests around the world. In response to the 5g network’s peak, the Division has integrated production and management resources from the Green Shikichi plant and the Yellowstone plant.
Increased production elasticity, dedicated to the 5g network, while ensuring that market demand for other applications is met. It is expected that in 2019, young mills will be able to sustain healthy growth, and their share in high-end markets is expected to increase.
Automobile board: optimized product structure and retained a leading edge, and the increased electronization of cars kept demand growing in the carboard market.
Plate operations have grown steadily, client and product structures have continued to optimize and production efficiency and quality have improved. 24ghz car range radar pcb products and new energy vehicle battery management system (bms) pcb products have grown faster and 77ghz car range pcb products have begun to stabilize supplies.
The company remains confident that supply and demand will remain stable in the high-end, safe board area, and will continue to focus on this area, maintaining and expanding its competitive advantage. The company’s motorboard team will increase its investment in improving the efficiency of electricity production in Quantico, while planning to complete the construction of the Yellowstone II plant by the end of 2019.
Building on the middle-end pcb and increasing core competitiveness, companies will continue to be based on printing circuit boards, medium- and high-end corporate communication boards, cars, etc.
(a) To continue to implement well-established strategies to compete for differentiated products, with a focus on raising high value added products, process techniques that enhance productivity utilization, good product rates and economies of scale, relying on technological advantages, product quality, shorter delivery periods, lower costs and higher financial resistance to risk;
Continue efforts in the direction of specialization, scalability and green production, gradually reducing the gap with top competitors and further enhancing the firm’s core competitiveness.
In 2019, the company is expected to benefit from an increase in demand for 5g, a new generation of high-speed network equipment and server products, and a growing demand for automatization, intelligence, and electrification. Keep in mind that the company continues to develop strategically and achieve sustained growth in its performance.
Wang Fenghua, Master ' s degree at the Chinese People ' s University, is currently the Executive Director of the Associated Securities Institute.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.