High-end pcb state-owned, profit-making, power, electricity (002463), 2018.
The annual report for the year 2018 was published with a total annual revenue of $5,497 million, an increase of 18.8 per cent; the net return to mothers of $570 million, a significant increase of 180 per cent, owing to the lower base in 2017; and the deduction of non-net profit of $517 million, a significant increase of 257 per cent, a significant increase of 5.69 per cent, for the year ' s pcb operation of 24.18 per cent, and a net interest rate of 10.38 per cent, a significant increase of 6 per cent. The recovery of the same level was 8.6 per cent, for the year as a whole.
The yellow stone factory reversed the loss and contributed to a significant increase in the profitability of the power company. The company moved new orders to the newly built lake north yellowstone factory, making the \triangleright Yellowstone plant win and lose 650 million dollars a year. The future will accelerate with the growth of the downstream car and communications industry.
The company’s pcb operation is now around 24%, with some room for improvement from the top 30% of the industry. New energy and millimetre-wave radars are driving car pcb volumes up. According to our calculations, the increase in the demand for pcb in the three-power system of the new energy vehicle \triangleright
More than $800/car, and the unit cost of high frequency pcb for a millimetre wave radar is three to five times that of an ordinary car pcb. The source of financial prosperity in the East, the country’s new energy vehicles, is becoming more widely available, and conservative estimates suggest that the domestic car pcb market will rise from 10.9 billion yuan in 2018 to 24.1 billion yuan in 2025.
Given that many domestic pcb manufacturers, including electricity, actually match vehicles sold overseas, the real domestic car pcb market will grow faster. By 2025, the global car pcb market will reach $58.3 billion.
The Division's products match the 24ghz and 77ghz mm wave radars, and the products match the power of the new energy car three are already in the mainstream. We don't consider exchange rate adjustments. In the future, with the outbreak of high-end motor panel demand, there will be more synergy between the two companies.
The company is now operating well, with net profits remaining high for three consecutive quarters. We expect that the network of cars pcb and 5g will boost the company’s pcb production volume over the next 1-2 years.
We expect the company to collect 6.54/76.888.5 billion yuan in 2019/2021, compared with the increase in the new energy/mm wave radar for cars, which is less than expected; and the global volume of automobile sales, which is less than expected;
The 5g network is not as fast as expected.
Liu Xiaoixing B.A., University of Qinghua, Master of Arts, Dartmouth College, United States of America, seven years of experience in project management and technology development in the auto parts and components industry at home and abroad.
The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies