The gap between information technology hardware and equipment and the top pcb attribute of 5g will be repaired
Events: Revenue of $5.49 billion in 2018, corresponding to +18 per cent, net return to the mother of $571 million, corresponding to +180 per cent. q4 quarter revenue of $1,648 million, ring of 19 per cent, year of 31 per cent, net gain of 188 million, corresponding to +353 per cent, ring of 1 per cent.
Performance meets expectations, and the impairment of fixed assets has some impact on profits throughout the year: the company accounts for $71 million in impairment of assets, of which $4.93 million in inventory is consistent with the practice of previous years, and $18 million in impairment of fixed assets, which helps to optimize the lightening of the asset structure.
Currently, all three production areas of the company are in a productive state, and q1 is expected to have a slight impact on earnings as a result of the number of days worked, but both the billing and the platoon are in a relatively stable state. Given the pcb industry ' s ring ratio, the Māori rate is high in a stable situation.
Total equity/flow (million shares)  (002463) Pacific Securities - Electronic Industries -  (002463) 3 season
A single-quarter profit margin has been set in the industry, which is the optimization of the product structure and the loss of the Yellowstone site, where the 18 floors of the plant have been raised from less than 3 per cent in 2016 - 2017 to more than half of the current rate; the Yellowstone plant has been destroyed.
Step-to-step orders that are more profitable; profit-making levels are maintained by Quasi Microelectrics. 5g is the most powerful pcb company, and the gap with the flagship valuation will be repaired, with the Yellowstone plant running from a loss of more than 70 million a year in 2017 to a one-month gain in q2 in 2018.
Lean, profit in the second half of the year. The value of a single month's production ranged from a maximum of 50 million to a stable 60 million.
The yellow stone factory has adequate sewage targets and 80 acres of land to build another communications board, and the yellow stone phase (which is dominated) has a theoretical value of about 1.2 billion, the second stage (car plate) theoretical value, and the green mill has 60 acres of land (the government is working on how to address the emissions limit.
Enterprise development) is sufficient to replicate the current value of production, which can reach about $1.5 billion at current levels of total new and old production. The company as a whole is able to match the value of production with the existing reserve of land and capital resources, which is about $12 billion, under the assumption that the order structure is not optimal.
The value of the new generation ' s communications, high-end service storage equipment orders that have been taken over since then is in an elevated state, with a record reserve capacity of close to 14-15 billion, while the product expansion cycle of pcb is directed towards medium-high orders to maintain profit levels and is influenced by fluctuations in the volume of downstream terminal shipments.
Global server Li Do's output has been sustained by nearly nine Li Do's relative growth, with more than 60 per cent of its contribution coming from large data centres (Internet company cloud computing, traffic explosion), where the majority of the servers required are white-plated servers.
(Possibly Internet companies have their own brands looking for substitute factories, or their own brands, which have a small share of the brands, which are used for services, storage, exchange routers, pcb., which is sold mainly to brand customers, such as Cisco, Huaihu, Dai)
Companies such as Er, Hewlett-Packard, Wave, etc., and mainly do high-value orders above 16 floors, so that the volume of goods delivered by the server can only be used as a reference indicator of demand, which is not decisive for the power supply (in fact, not much increase in the number of companies, mainly in terms of prices and profit margins). In addition, there is a need for a wired infrastructure end.
For more service storage equipment, as the new generation assumes the need for communications is moving to the top 5-g attribute pcb, the gap with the flagship valuation will be met to repair the wireless base station end, with the company adopting a selective billing model, a gradual penetration and expansion of 4g
While this has driven the overall demand for a large category of communications pcb, the company selects only relatively high-level orders, and the high 5g purchase-order barriers are the main areas of the company’s future expansion. The top 5g attribute pcb enterprise, which will also benefit from synergies:
According to industrial research, the single year of the world ' s 5g wireless base building peak year will bring about 26 billion yuan in market space, assuming 20 per cent of the company ' s demand for products such as 77ghz mm wave radar during the 5g period.
The company is the leading global HF millimetre wave level pcb manufacturer, and the technical capabilities of pcb in the frequency range of 6ghz and above will help the company become a potential core pcb supplier in such areas as small base stations, microbase stations, autopilot, etc.
In 2017, the company was the tenth-largest carboard company in the world, earning $187 million. The company's goal was to achieve the top three in the world, corresponding to about $550 million in revenue, even if the industry did not grow.
The difference between the top and the top is expected to be further repaired.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.