Material material in order to achieve a 10 billion profit scale higher than expected by 2019 and to maintain the “buy-in” event: the company issued a performance forecast for 2019, with a net return profit forecast for 2019
On May 17, 20, 2019, the company's exclusive 20 million tons/year large refining project was officially fully operational and entered the harvest period. The project was technologically advanced, scaled up and well integrated.
Not only has the company ' s strategic equity/flow (million shares) broken in the area of scarce production capacity in upstream industries such as refining, aromatic hydrocarbons, but it has also significantly optimized and upgraded the company ' s business structure and improved the contours of the refined polyester industry.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) (excluding self-utilized px and acetic acid), project q3 Q1 full-load operation, we anticipate constant petrochemical: cash flow continues to improve and accelerate
The fourth quarter of 2019 was also running at full capacity. The performance ring was raised in the fourth quarter of 2019, and it is expected that the pta and ethylene projects will continue to grow.
The cash flow of the company has improved significantly following the launch of the refining project, which is $144.8 million, and constant petrochemicals: the major refining project is operational and cash is available, although since 2019 we have entered the country in refined oils, ethylenes, apropenes, px, pta, detergents, etc.
A marked improvement in the flow, reported excess expectations The peak period of production, with more new capacity and increased competition, has mainly affected ground extraction and small-scale production - 2019/08/11
Poor productive capacity, such as producers, leads the industry in the profitability of companies with a “refining-aromatic-pta-polyester” constant share (600346) [Pacific Chemical] advantage.
Helium shares are reported in the third quarter of 2018: a single quarter, with a record 1.77 billion dollars in performance, and a large-scale product, 2.pta and ethylene projects.
In 2020, the company started a number of projects to support the company ' s profitability and return to the new steps. (1) The company is building a 1.5 million tons/yearly ethylene project, including 1.5 million tons of ethylene devices and an accompanying 12 chemical plants, to further increase the value added and refining competitiveness of its products.
According to the project feasibility study, the project was completed after delivery, and the production of the tons/year pta-4 project was tested. According to the feasibility study, the 2.5 million tons of pta-5 project was expected to be completed by mid-2020, when the company achieved its total capacity.
11.6 million tonnes/year. (3) 1.35 million tonnes of new multifunctional high-quality textile materials are under construction.
The advantages of integration are clear, the future growth space is large, the first step is to have a market value of $150 billion, to have achieved a $10 billion profit scenario in 2019, and to maintain the "buy-in" institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.