In 2019, Helium petrochemicals were expected to realize a net profit of $10.9 billion on shareholders in listed companies.
Right, increase of 228.06% over the same period. After deducting non-recurring gains and losses, the 2019 Helium petrochemical Prediction 2.
The bottom line touches the worst of history in the last 15 years (2004-to date), and the company's surplus 3. "Prospected medium-performance of the constant q3 over the same period of time has continued to rise in a favourable but reversible climate. Helium petrochemicals have fully validated the core assets of the refining industry.
In the first year of operation, the refinery plant operated for only three quarters, and the chemical plant was not yet operational.
"If the 10 billion profits are just the bottom limit of the profit? Arithmetic. Helium petrochemicals are grossly underestimated: given that companies generally outperform many of the industries that are going up in the future, given that the industry is going down in a long period of time, and the industry is going back to warmer.
The elasticity of performance, which we believe the market is seriously underestimating the current constant petrochemical valuations. In the case of a deterioration in the profits of the px-pta and polyester chain in the major refining industry in the fourth quarter, the hemospheric petrochemical industry has significantly exceeded expectations and completed the net production of the first three quarters of the year in which the refineries were put into operation (chemical units were not in production).
With profits exceeding 10 billion, confirming the core argument that we believe to be the bottom line of 10 billion profits, and fully reflecting the idea that herochemicals are the core assets of the petrochemical industry. Herochemical performance is over-expected, and we believe that there are several main potentials:
Four quarters of the production capacity of Helium petrochemicals has increased to a certain degree compared to the third quarter, and Xiaoqin announced a return of $371 million in 2017-2018.
In the fourth quarter, there was a relative appreciation of the renminbi against the United States dollar. In the fourth quarter, there was a certain increase in oil prices compared to the third quarter, with companies reaping inventory returns.
In 2019, we raised the amount of $10.9 billion from corporate profits to company forecasts, an increase of 23.8 per cent.
4. Geopolitical risk 5. The project is not as fast as expected 6. The risk of significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of $7.00 on corporate equities is significantly exacerbated by competition in the industry.9. Downward risk in the global economic cycle10. Other force majeure impacts
Helium petrochemicals are the core assets of the global refining industry in this cycle of expansion. Helium petrochemicals are the core assets of the current reverse cycle in the petrochemical industry, which still has significant excess gains and increased performance.
At zero or even loss, when polyesters enter the low season, a net gain of $4 billion was achieved in the fourth quarter of 2019 and $3.3 billion in the non-mother ' s net gain, which was a remarkable improvement!
The synthesizing synergies will be fully demonstrated when the Helium petrochemical device is put into operation in 2020. We believe that helium petrochemicals are still a significant overcharge under the recession in industry.
In the four quarters of the refining and polyester chain industry, where the long-cycle bottom has been hit, the polyester chain pta has seen a significant contraction in the four quarters. In the case of pta not profitable or even short-term losses, the industry moves to shuffling.
The px-oil price differentials are stable. Px profits touch Japan’s backward production cost line, and companies with excess returns.
In terms of the long-cycle landscape, refining the px-pta price differentials has reached the bottom of the last 15 years (2004-present) and has led to a general pessimism in the market for the industry. However, we need to mention in particular:
Even more than some of the industries that have gone up, and valuations reflect down-performance expectations, where the polyester industry has entered the industry in the last quarter of the year. The polyester industry has been profiting low in the face of trade frictions in Central America that have affected the spinning end, and industry stocks that continue to move down.
Profit is relatively normal, while Fdy's profit narrows to zero. Chart 3: Pta-Bub oil price differential ($/ton) The refining industry has been accompanied by imo 2020 new regulation, low sulphur ship combustion and diesel versus high sulphur.
As crude oil prices continue to rise, downstream profits are difficult to improve, and chemical margins are generally shrinking. There are more risk events in the fourth quarter, as sanctions in the middle and the Middle East and the US-Iraq emergency have contributed to oil prices.
At the end of the exchange rate, the renminbi increased significantly relative to the dollar in the fourth quarter. As crude oil from domestic refineries is purchased in United States dollars, and finished oil is sold in the country, stellar petrochemicals are natural.
There is a certain amount of exchange loss in most refineries in the fourth quarter. In our view, exchange gains and losses are an important factor that we ignore when calculating profits.
The price of crude oil has increased somewhat in the fourth quarter. We believe that stock yields can also be the main reason why the company has been able to over-expected in the fourth quarter of Helium petrochemical production has stabilized and four quarters are expected to be fully operational.
Helium petrochemicals did not operate at full capacity during the three-quarter period and are expected to increase continuously during the four-quarter period. According to the company announcement of Helium petrochemicals, Helium petrochemicals Ltd. received $371 million in tax subsidies in 2017 and 2018.
3. The private system is superior, the product structure of the refinery is optimized, and there is arbitrage. The helium petrochemical device is expected to use the arbitrage that may exist in the following four-quarterly, single-quarterly, theoretically measuring a stimulus of more than 700 million yuan through timely adjustment of the product structure.
We believe that there are several main ways in which arbitrage may be possible: by selling petrocephalic oils, mtbe, alkylated oils and toluene/carbon halon chemicals, by reducing sales, by increasing crude white oils by 10 #.15 #.32 #. by reducing sales of diesels, sea coals and base oils.
In the future, there will be increased sales of low-sulphur diesel fuel, which will reduce the load of the diesel-fibre-fracking device, leading to the spread of diesel-student oil prices. In the case of higher profits from store oil, if 2 to 2.5 times the profit from store oil exceeds the profit from px,
Nor does it rule out the arbitrage to reduce px output and to sell heavy-pessel oils (cyclone-based naphthales), which generally have a certain marketing plan in place for three barrels of oil, which results in a relative delay in regulating the refinery’s production programme. Private refining companies have the ability to quickly adjust crude oil types and product programmes, and there is better flexibility, and more flexibility, to do so.
4. Helium petrochemicals benefit from the appreciation of the renminbi in the fourth quarter. Helium petrochemicals, because of the use of the dollar to purchase crude oil, and the sale of finished oils in the form of the renminbi as the currency of settlement, which is the natural currency of the renminbi. The exchange rate of the renminbi has increased considerably in the fourth quarter.
The fourth quarter’s appreciation of the renminbi is a key element that we lacked in the forecast report. There is a clear deviation from reality in the current market: ethylene devices can be used if they don’t go into production.
The steel petrochemical plant dry gas recovery device uses deep-cold oil recovery technology from technip (stone&webster). The refinery dry gas recovery requires deep-cold carbon under conditions of deep cold (-101 degrees cooler).
Three to go for oil absorption separation. Because the refinery does not have an ethylene refrigeration system, it cannot provide such low-level refrigerants. Moreover, if the ethylene cooling machine provides only a cooling volume for a dry gas recovery set, the refrigerating compressor will not have the operational elasticity of the acrylic/ethylene cooling machine (60-110%)
So when the ethylene device is not operational, the LCs in the dry gas of the refinery cannot be removed for sale as lpg. So the current four-quarter profit on silicon petrochemicals does not include the smelting plant drying, and the synthesizing synergism is expected to occur in the first quarter of the year.
The main synergies from the introduction of an ethylene device are the following:
The dry gas recovery device extracts 1.8 million tonnes of light hydrocarbons from the dry gas from the refinery as feedstock for the ethylene device. The LFA feedstocks meet the low-quality characteristics of the ethylene material, which is higher than the gas used to replace the dry gas.
The ethylene device by-product hydrogen is an important component of the refinery's oil-filled concentrate. The plant's hydrogen gas is hemodynamic ethylene, and by-product hydrogen is the ratio of hydrogen to the plant by-product.
The ethylene device ' s crack gas-hydration device produces high aromatic depths of HC6-C8. It will become an important input to the px device. The main process of the ethylene device ' s crack-up gasoline-hydrogen-up is pre-carbon five, post-carbon nine, two segments.
Hydrogen, then stabilizes. The carbon six-carbon eight of the core components of hydrogen will become important aromatic hydrocarbons, on the one hand, carbon six-carbon eight partially replacing rehydrated aromatic hydrocarbons, and, on the other hand, hydrogenification and cracking gasoline will reduce the acquisition of the oil from the pyrocephagus.
Billion dollars, which is ahead of schedule of our 10 billion-dollar profit line, are expected to be refined after the ethylene device is put into operation, and are expected to be re-innovated in tandem with higher profitability. In 2020, under the expectation of a significant decline in pta profit, the helium petrochemical ethylene suit was put into production, a decline in profit against pta, and a sustained high growth in corporate profitability.
We continue to recommend large-scale excess profits under weaker industry conditions, corresponding to a market value of $16.3 billion.  US shale oil released in the second half of 2019, amounting to about 2 million barrels a day.
Adding to the fact that Saudi crude oil production has returned to normal, Iran’s crude oil exports have always been difficult to reach zero, which has resulted in a certain suppression of oil prices. Although Opec’s production is declining, there is still a risk that oil prices will continue to fall sharply in one-way direction, with the risk of stock loss for crude oil and products in the refinery.
2. Project progress/loads are not as high as expected for the 2.1 device load fluctuations. Project may be subject to fluctuations in the installation of new equipment/processes during the period due to initial commissioning.
It affects the load of the device, which prevents the device from operating at full capacity. 2.2 Chemical units are not operating at the rate expected. 3. Serious demand for textile clothing has deteriorated.
The Chinese-American trade war has continued with repeated shocks to the garment chain downstream of polyesters. Under the conditions of force majeure, there is a risk of serious deterioration in demand for textile clothing.
For chemicals, however, controls are relatively loose and free trade is possible. Helium petrochemicals pose a risk of sales of finished oils because they do not have a zero-line supply of manufactured oil and export quotas.
10. Impact of other force majeure Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, followed by an average calculation of the final rating as average market investment