In-depth reporting of ipo reserves is expected to boost corporate business structures. In terms of the company’s income structure in recent years, brokering,
Investments, capital management, credit operations, and self-employment are more average, and they are conducive to regional competitive advantages and are expected to share the dividends of rapid regional development. Companies, for their part, have accumulated more individual clients in the Fujian region, where they are long-term homeers.
In recent years, Fujian Province’s overall economic development has been strong, and is expected to continue in the future, leading to rapid growth in corporate-related business.
The company has long been active in the development of major capital management, holding the stock boom, participation in the South Fund, establishment of a capital management subsidiary, and the organization of the company’s operations, which have also achieved significant success in recent years, as the major capital management industry develops and securities are managed in the future.
With the overall transformation of the business, the company is expected to have a strong reserve of roe(tm) ip0 based on a comprehensive layout and proactive management.
In the context of the current ipo acceleration, the company’s rich reserve projects are expected to quickly release its performance. High-performance team-building and employee incentives are expected to yield results.
High-performance team-building through training, recruitment, remuneration, etc., has already yielded some results and is expected to bring good human capital to the company’s development. The company has completed its buybacks last year and is considering actively promoting its workforce-holding scheme, one of which is expected to be in place.
This year, the probability was set to give further impetus to the Stakeholder Scheme, thereby adding a new version of the Employer Stock Exchange that dates back to the creation of the Employing Bank Securities Department in 1991, the restructuring of the Fujian Employer Securities Corporation in 1994, the re-promotion of the Replenishment in 1999 and the delinking of the Employer Bank to Employer Securities Co. Ltd.
The Division was listed in 2010. At present, the company owns 38 branches (including fund-raising) and 147 branches of business (including fund-raising). In addition, the company owns the Creative Capital Management Ltd., the Employable Securities and Asset Management Ltd., the Employer (Hong Kong) Financial Holdings Ltd., the Employer Investment Management Ltd., and the five full-time Crown Princes of the Fausto State Evidence and Property Management Ltd.
In addition, the company owns two holding subsidiaries of Global Fund Management Ltd., CSP Ltd. The company has basically established a more balanced business structure of securities companies covering a variety of financial operations, including securities, funds, direct investments, futures, cross-border operations.
Business management, credit operations, and self-employment are more average. Prior to 2011, the share of corporate brokerage was higher, exceeding the share of business, far higher than the level of industry, mainly because of the larger size of the Fund’s management by its controlling subsidiary, and the more significant contribution of its performance. In addition, the share of corporate investment and credit operations was larger.
The company’s main shareholder is the Fujian Treasury.