The ark architecture is expected to drive the company towards high-end smart brands.
The Chang-Ang vehicle is an enterprise of the four largest groups of Chinese automobiles, with 14 production bases, 33 whole-cars, engines and transformer plants worldwide, dealing with the development, manufacture and sale of entire vehicles and the production of engines, while at the same time vigorously developing the intelligence of cars and actively developing new energy “tracks”. As of August 2020, Chang-Am was a cumulative breakthrough for Chinese brand users.
19 million, leading a Chinese branded car. ..the recovery of the industry and a strong cycle of autonomous new cars are expected to keep up, and the company's net return profit in the first three quarters of 2020 was 3,486 million yuan, an increase of 231%, of which q3 is not a net return.
For the first time since the second quarter of 2018, 519 million yuan, with a clear upward trend at the bottom; 11,570,000 vehicles sold in October, a 42 per cent increase over the previous month, accumulated more than 1.5 million in January-October, outpacing industry performance.
The unit supports brand development with more high-quality new products compared to the 300-degree trend.
The un-Gravity Series opens up an autonomous, intelligent, high-end market that fills the gap in the long-term autonomous cross-border suv market, and the un-k roll-out is expected to contribute to the diversification of the market: the high-end vehicles of Ford Explorers, Lin Ken Adventurers, Flight Operators, etc., are listed consecutively, sales continue to climb up the slope, and the high-end intelligent configurations are well developed.
As a sign of determination to upgrade brands, Lincoln’s accelerated national production is an upgrade to the Changon brand, and the company’s high-end cars are expected to be more profitable at the end of its performance. Together, leading companies like the Ninder era, the Ark architecture drives Chang-Aon toward high-end smart brands.
In the middle of the third innovative start-up strategy, the company has joined forces to create an ark smart architecture with Ninder, accelerate the shift from traditional vehicles to professional high-end smart brands, and achieve a qualitative shift in the rise of autonomous brands. The build-up of corporate technology will continue to materialize at the end of its performance, hopefully occupying more market shares, driving companies to continue to break through and grow upwards in the area of intelligence.
24,22 times the median of the automobile manufacturing industry in 2020, the trend towards a recovery in the industry cycle has led to higher corporate returns and higher valuations, and the successive roll-out of new products is expected to lead to a continuation of the company ' s medium-term profitability hub, which for the first time has been covered, leaving the industry with less than expected recovery; lower than expected sales of the company ' s vehicle pattern; and less than expected on the market for new models.
I. China ' s auto brand leader, steady and steady towards the world ' s top car company (i) has a deep bottom and a multi-dimensional industrial layout that is efficient and efficient.
In 2014, Chang-Ann, China’s branded car, sold more than 10 million cars, in 2016, sold more than 3 million cars, and in August 2020, Chang-Am, China’s brand users, had more than 19 million. Companies were mainly involved in car research and development, manufacturing and marketing, and engine research and development, production, and the consolidation of superior resources.
The industry is diversified in the areas of services, new retailing, and so on. In keeping with the trend of the times, companies are also actively engaged in the development of new energy sources and smart cars, and are committed to using technology to lead car civilization.
It covers traditional fuels and new energy vehicles, with engine platforms ranging from 1.0l to 2.0l. A series of classic, autonomous brands, including the cs series, the vagabond series, the un series, the Oshan series, and the Orchid series, have been launched.
The first shareholder of the Chang-An car was China Armored Group Ltd., which eventually took control of the country by October 2020.
The Council of State Committee for the Supervision of State Assets: Figure 1: The important development history of the company since its inception: (ii) the first-rate research and development strengths, and the steady development of innovative enabling enterprises unleashing their potential
Science, technology, and innovation are the endogenous drivers of competitiveness. The company has the world’s best R & D power, and has been in the forefront of China’s automobile industry for five consecutive decades, leading Chinese automobile brands.
In 2018, the National Centre for Enterprise Technology evaluated the Chang An vehicle as the country’s third largest industry in terms of corporate R & D strength. Over the past five years, corporate R & D investment has been rising and is gradually increasing, and companies have announced that they will build a 2,000-person development team in the future, with software developers accounting for 40% of the total, and that by 2025 they will be able to do so.
The company is stable in the engine sector and masters a number of advanced domestic technologies. From optimizing Japan’s Suzuki technology engines, to increasing its autonomy in the ea, d, and h series of engines, the new generation now has 100% of its dual development.
The energy performance of advanced technologies, such as vvt, recyclable jets, and turbo-loader pumps, has reached the level of joint venture power of 170kw,360n.m. The first powering platform of the Chinese automobile brand, the Blue Whale Engine platform, was built in 2019 on the basis of modularization and development technology.
The platform is highly efficient, common, integrated, productive and efficient, and helps automobile manufacturers to reduce engine development cycles, improve product quality, increase equipment utilization, and achieve multi-goods co-lines as the domestic car market moves into a “micro-growth” phase.
The ability to compete with cost control increases its core competitiveness by taking initiative in a growing race in the car market. (iii) The first-class manufacturing capability, which guarantees high-quality products, was identified as a digital workshop in Chongqing and a smart plant for the two-man factory of the long car in 2018.
For the first time in the country, the “digitized twin factory” has been used in the automobile industry to achieve a variety of vehicle-type blending, stabilization and intelligent production by means of smart connections, intelligent transmission, intellectual transfer, intelligent testing of flexible production lines, creating barriers to high-quality products and presenting the quality of the entire process. There are nearly 500 robots, with 90% welding automation, and more traditional plants.
20 per cent increase in efficiency, 20 per cent reduction in product underperformance, 15 per cent reduction in delivery cycle, 21 per cent reduction in operating costs, and China ' s Chang An Automobile Group, which has nine full vehicle production bases, including Chongqing, Heilongjiang, Jiangxi, Jiangsu, Hebei, Anhui, Shanxi, Guangdong and Shandong, with 23 entire vehicle (engine) plants and 27 direct enterprises, with annual production capacity of vehicles and engines throughout the country
2.2 million vehicles, with overseas bases in Malaysia, Viet Nam, the United States, Mexico, Iran, Egypt, Ukraine, etc., are the largest manufacturing base of the Chinese automobile consortium.
(i) Automobile sales grew strongly, and the auto industry continued to grow at a steady pace, with domestic economic recovery and rising consumption, and automobile market sales grew rapidly. Our auto industry recovered in the third quarter, selling 1.910 million vehicles in September 2020, an increase of 7.3 per cent, and the ring grew by 12.1 per cent in September.
A positive trend, maintaining positive growth in the fifth month, was maintained; in October 2020 there were about 2.573 million cars sold, of which 2,110,000 were sold by car, an increase of 9.3 per cent over the same period, and 464,000 commercial vehicles, an increase of 30.1 per cent over the same period.
(ii) q3 net gains are positive, performance has come to a point where it is expected to continue to outperform q3 performance in the future and deliver better than expected. The company ' s business income of q1-q3 in 2020 was 55.842 billion yuan, an increase of 23.77 per cent over the previous year ' s period, and remained positive. q3 battalion revenue was $23.06 billion, an increase of 51.30 per cent. q3 is 13.9 per cent.
Increase of 429% due mainly to growth in corporate sales, optimization of product structure, significant improvements in the profitability of autonomous operations, joint ventures 2020q3 lost the first time in 10 consecutive quarters of non-repatriated net profits. The net return profit in the first three quarters of 2020 was $3.486 billion, an increase of 230.98% over the previous quarter; the net return in the third quarter of 2020 was $884 million, an increase of 309.70% over the same period.
The net non-mortality profit is 519 million yuan, the first in 10 consecutive quarters since the second quarter of 2018, and the point of entry has been reached, with the company's main losses largely removed from the bottom, focusing on core whole-car operations to improve its blood-producing capacity. The company's three fees are at medium level in the industry, the firm's strong push for strategic transformation, streamlined business processes, and increased efficiency in operating costs, which decreased in 2020;
The company’s focus on core business has improved resource utilization: Jiang Zing Holdings’ shareholdings have fallen to 25%; Chang-An-New Energy Holdings have dropped to 48.96% and are no longer part of the merger; and q2 q2 q2 long security shares were transferred to snow and iron dragons in 2020.
The company’s overall vehicle sales in October were 164,000, an increase of 53.4% in the same year, positive for seven months, and good sales for the same month. The Chang An autonomous series’s sales in October were 11,570,000, a 42% increase in the same month; and Long Anford’s sales were 26,000, a positive increase in the same month.
Huan, showing the potential for long-term security, performance performance in the future. 3. Sale of each block in 2020 (in units: one) III. Resonance between the new and industry cycles and the blue whale powered brand competitiveness
(i) Accurate brand positioning, full-scale layout and up-to-date company precision positioning brands, complete-to-ground product combinations, low-to-medium-high branding misplaced marketing, with a lot of flowering. In recent years, the Chang An vehicle has gradually removed the commercial car from its focus and re-created a long-range passenger vehicle, a medium-to-high-end passenger vehicle, an Oshan car, a Kaicho car IV.
The company forms a low-, medium- and high-scale branding structure: the autonomous low-end brands are Aoshan: Chang An autonomous brands, the center end of the versionv series; the joint venture has multiple levels of consumption and the product structure is being optimized; Maedda has a slightly lower profile. The brands are heavily lined up, followed by a strong reserve of new vehicles, a new week of cars.
The new vehicle model that Chang-Ann will focus on in the year 2020 is primarily a series of Plus and uni products, coupled with a new generation of blue whale power and more intelligent technological design, and a more personalized rejuvenation of vehicle design; and a large medium-sized suv explorer, Lincoln, and a series of high-end luxury suvs, such as adventurers, flyers, navigators, and so on, to further compensate for the market space in the area of fragmentation.
White, further upward rebranding of brands. (ii) Autonomous brands are popular, with a high rate of growth, and the company started last year to launch a series of new and remodeled cars, with distinctive designs, humanized intellectual experience and technology.
Powered advantage, precision, and control of the demand points of a new generation of consumers, emerges from China’s autonomous brand, reflecting China’s autonomous high-end brand design, research and development capabilities, and car-making processes. The Chang An autonomous plate will enter a strong cycle in the future, hopefully leading to an increase in corporate revenue and a lead on Chinese automobile brands.
The new high-end series of uni-t starts brand-up processes, and the gravity series is clearly configured. The model fills the gap in the cross-border sub-market with long-term autonomous brands. The series combines a borderless front grid, a split front-light light with a "pure surface" design, and then realizes the ability to drive automatically at level 1.3, with 40 km/h and 40 km/h.
In the context of the global epidemic, the vehicle’s flagship model has also been added to the plasma-purification of air. The model of the vehicle is full of personalized and futureist styles, reflecting the company’s strategy of progressively positioning personalized, high-end, intelligent goods to meet its increasingly personal consumption needs.
The model carries 100% of the company’s design of a blue whale high-pressure direct-jet jet engine, and combines Aichin 8-speed self-carried transformer. The blue whale power platform, ne15, carries uni-t, with a low fuel consumption of up to 6.3l/100km, compared to the first-class joint venture brand, has a more efficient engine, with a superior performance in fuel economy. Engine heat efficiency is as high as 40%, and transformer combined transmission efficiency is high.
94.3%. The maximum rated power of the blue whale jet engine is 171 kw, the maximum torque is 360n m, which is faster than the natural inhaler of the shoulder 3.5l, and is more dynamic than the torque of the same type of vehicle, with a stronger sense of back. Smart technology provides a humanized and innovative driving experience.
The flight system, the Tinnove smart system, the apa5.0 remote passenger parking system, with a turn-over automatic deceleration protection function and a more intelligent voice interface, provides a more accessible and secure travel experience in all its aspects.
Analyze, provide drivers with a vehicle protection capability with a c-ncap five-star safety rating.
Uni-k brightness drives gravitational sequence intelligence to continue to upgrade, leading to a break-down of market differences. The high-end gravity sequence concept vehicle, Versionv, showed up in Beijing to attract attention and expectations; the launch of un-k at the large suv in October, which will continue to carry a new generation of blue whales 2.0t engine + Ai-Tin 8at gearbox, will continue to maintain the intellectual driving experience.
Further attempts to optimize the autonomous brand structure after the series are expected to be successful in further segmenting the market, and the high-end, popular product matrix is expected to be further improved. The un series will continue to invest five new models in the future, becoming a new growth point for company performance in the future.
Table 3: Long Anuni-t Basic Performances, 26,000 vehicles sold in September, an increase of 27.4 per cent compared with the previous month; 30,000 vehicles sold in October, 20,000 in six consecutive months
Cs75plus has sold more than 150,000 vehicles since it was listed last September, catching up to a large number of joint ventures, and is expected to increase its own brand in the same class. Chang-Ann's autonomous brand has broken over 150,000 vehicles, a 30.5% increase over the same period. The cs55 and cs35 series have sold over 10,000 vehicles.
Ten thousand; 4591 sales in October for the sharp ccblue whale, with a 30.6 per cent ring increase; and Long Aoshanx5 is also officially visible in the third quarter, hopefully contributing to a further increase. The company plans to launch 105 new models (including 23 new energy models) over the next five years, with a further increase in the share of new items that will continue to provide a new space for performance growth.
Cs75plus Appearance map cs75plus
(iii) The joint venture was dynamic, and the recovery cycle continued upwards, with a recovery that drove rapid growth in sales and profits. The significant decline in Ford sales in 2018 led to a sharp decline in corporate performance. However, in September 2019, long Anford released a plan to accelerate the new vehicle launch, with at least 18 new vehicles expected to be launched by 2021 and product changes accelerated
By September 2020, a large number of suv products, such as 2020 shockrs, explorers, leaders, etc., had been invested at an average price, a greater rate of Maori than previous ones, and a greater profitability, which was 31% higher than the previous year. Of these, 2020 explorers became popular products, and cumulative sales on the market were over 10,000.
Ford’s cash cow is recovering, sales are climbing, and future performance is expected to continue to boost corporate performance. More than 30 new cars from Ford and Lincoln will be launched in the course of the year, with more than 10 of them going to be electric, with more intensive research and development on autopilot and new energy sources, reducing the replacement cycle to 30%.
A step-by-step focus on China’s market is also an important part of Ford’s globalization strategy and an inevitable choice. The Beijing Car Fair announced that Ford’s China Design Centre would be inaugurated this year in October, further accelerating Ford’s product rotation and increasing market competitiveness, reflecting Ford’s determination to return to China.
Consumption has risen, and luxury brand Lincoln has accelerated the process of full nationalization. As per capita consumption has risen, Lincoln has introduced a series of high-end suv models, such as seafarers, adventurers, pilots, etc., into an important incremental model in the second half of the year, compensating for the company’s shortcomings in the segmenting of market lines and further improving product layout.
Long-Ammadha continued to contribute to the growth in performance. In September, about 38,000 vehicles were sold, an increase of 10%. 110,000 vehicles were sold in January-October.
The share of sales of the joint venture brand in May-October (in: car) increased the proportion of blue whale power autonomy, increased the profitability of core parts and components.
Lead modular top-level design, a completely new modular engine development platform for the next generation of emissions and fuel consumption standards - the Blue Whalene Power Platform. The brand consists of blue whale engines, blue whale transformers, blue whale oil hybrids, balancing strong power with efficient fuel saving, with a “strength, clean, quiet” leading research and development concept, positioned as “an uncompromising solution for efficient motor power”, long-term.
Anders provides a huge area of power competitiveness, and by the time it officially entered the Power 3.0 era, the platform’s production-line automation rate and intelligentness rate have reached internationally advanced levels. Blue whale’s ne-power platform design is compatible with 1.0-1.8l platoons, with a 98% rate of interoperability. The platform covers the industry’s leading “agile” efficient and clean combustion system, and the world’s first-ever output.
Scheffer's smart rotation phase system (smartphaser), China's brand brand-in-manufacturing full-modifiable discharge engine pumps, industry-led integrated applications of a number of core cutting-edge technologies, such as tmm smart heat management systems, two-vortex turbo-controlled turbocharges. The platform stunned the civil car ceiling and raised the engine to 200 nm/l, enabling the 1.5t blue whale ne engine to have a match.
A new generation of blue whale power will continue to increase in the proportion of autonomous brands, significantly improving profitability and product competitiveness. The series of blue whales will gradually replace the h-series, the autonomous dct transformer box, and the Aintin 6at transmission box, while safeguarding product quality.
Reducing the cost of bicycles, increasing the profitability of bicycles and improving brand profitability.
China is the world’s largest new energy car market. By 2019, our new energy vehicle sales had been ranked first in the world for the fifth consecutive year.
China’s new energy car market is warming. In October 2020, the volume of new energy cars sold was 160,000, an increase of 104.5% this year.
Since March, there has been a steady recovery in the volume of new energy-borne vehicle sales, demonstrating the potential of China’s new energy-based automobile industry. The CDRC has also introduced policies to encourage the replacement of old motor vehicles and promote domestic demand in China’s automobile market.
Electronic version, Ben-Star, cs15e-pro, fugitive ev460, etc. The sales of cs55 pure electricity and fugitive ev are significant.
In 2017, Changyan released the Shangri-La Plan. Accelerate the transition from traditional cars to new energy and smart network cars. It was announced that in 2025, the traditional fuel truck will be put off and the long-suggestion vehicle will enter a new phase in the new energy sector. In the area of core spare parts, Chang An is working with strategic partners such as the Ningde era and Bat to complete multidisciplinary research and development in battery technology.
The new energy layout, the “fast track” to new energy sources, demonstrates the forward-looking thinking on strategic ideas, brand development, organizational change, resource allocation, and research and development directions. In 2018, companies put forward a “third entrepreneurship-entrepreneurship innovation strategy” that proposes a “core + four transformation” approach to development.
The goal is “to move from traditional automobile manufacturing to technology information service enterprises, moving towards world-class automobile enterprises.” Innovation-driven efficiency improves enterprise competitiveness. Promotes the transition from service to business users; from product to brand; and from traditional products to intelligent and new energy products.
In 2018, the company fully launched the Beidou Constabulary project to create a global intelligent system. The idea was to announce that new non-networked vehicles would no longer be produced in the future, with 100% networked and 100% mounted on driving aids.
In response to rising driving needs, the Cheonan car has taken advantage of its own leadership in the field of intelligence: the Open Technology Innovation Platform, the integration of technology and Internet enterprise resources, the creation of its own databases, research and development teams, research and development centres and laboratories, the creation of an intelligent research department in Detroit, the Silicon Valley, and the creation of an innovation centre in 2019, in partnership with Hua.
There is deep cooperation in the fields of conversion, car networking, and new energy sources. Efforts are being made to jointly build new industry standards for smart network cars, and to create a national first-class platform for pure electric cars. (iii) Together, China has launched an ark architecture for +Ninder, continuing the transformation of high-end smart car brands.
China’s automobile supply chain is now moving upwards, with zero pieces, software supply chains changing dramatically, and upgrading upwards in order to widen its own moats and increase its core competitiveness. In the context of the new four-fold trend, the global car focus has gradually shifted to China, and the area of auto-drive intelligence has huge market space, estimated.
By 2025, the domestic market for adas could be 22.5 billion yuan. Compared to the differences brought about by traditional hardware, software-defined cars can significantly increase the rate of hardware interoperability, and scale effects will further reduce manufacturing costs.
Development can further drive car intelligence and modularization. Only by actively seizing this opportunity for industrial change, driven by autonomous research and development, can a qualitative shift in the rise of an autonomous brand in this area.
President Ann's announcement in the First Launch program that the Changon car will work together to create a new brand of high-end smart cars by creating a global leading, self-controlled smart car platform, in a way that complements its strengths. Continue to drive the corporate high-end intelligent strategy process to move to intelligent technology companies. The architecture is based on the Chang An concept of research and development of 4.0.
Autopilot pre-delayed layouts and intelligent growth-type electronic and electrical structures with complete coverage of all a0-to-c vehicle types, compatible with eight engine forms, compatible with three combined low-pressure mixes, high-pressure mixes, plug-in electrical power systems, covering 1.2-2.0l platoons, mounted with a new generation of blue whale powered ne platforms, with a maximum reduction of 24 per cent in 100 km acceleration; and the use of optimized power cloths in design
In terms of intelligence, China has achieved the first level-I3 autopilot product at this stage, and future ark structures can support more scenes and higher-level autopilots, and will create more humanized large data smart driving spaces.
The ark structure has the flexibility to evolve automatically, enabling continuous performance enhancement and cost advantages for the whole vehicle. The advantages accumulated by future corporate technology inputs will gradually be released to the end of performance, driving companies to continue to break and grow up in the area of intelligence. Table 5: Core elements of the ark architecture
The long An ark architecture modularization platform is 22 times higher, the automobile manufacturing industry is 29 times the median by 2020 pe, the trend towards a recovery in the industry has led to higher corporate profitability and valuation, and the successive roll-out of new products is expected to lead to the company's medium-term profitability hub continuing, covering for the first time, with a “recommended” rating.
Industry recovery has fallen short of expectations; corporate car sales have fallen short of expectations; and new models are not on the market as expected. The company’s financial statement projections are summarized in Wang Jingyi, Research Assistant, B.A. in Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Finance, Nanjing University, July 2018.
In 2019, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, was a Master of Financial Sciences, Research Assistant, Illinois University of Technology. The author, who was qualified in securities investment consultancy practice or qualified for work, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, sought to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.