A robust growth in performance, new mining construction and group infusion to secure growth - Central Gold (600489.sh) incident assessment report
Fuhh@cfsc.com.cn Volume Increases Drive Performance Growth at the Gold Business Level, 9.13 tons of mineral gold produced in the first half of 2025, as compared to the previous year
At the copper business level, 20.39 million tons of electrolytic copper were produced in the first half of 2025, compared to 1.59% in the same year. Overall, the main product q2 production ring improved. On the price side, international gold prices rose significantly during the reporting period.
The spot gold was priced at $3287.45 per ounce, moving up from +24.31 per cent at the beginning of the year; the copper price also remained tenacity, with a monthly average of $9431.2 per ton for the London Metals Exchange and +35.1 per cent for the Shanghai Futures Exchange.
Good growth, looking forward to the growth of the Saaring gold mine. Key advances in resource accumulation, completion of the Saaring gold mine, 2, Central Gold (600489), q2 performance.
Ten thousand yuan for the completion of the pit exploration work of 3.22 million metres, the drilling work of 14.7 million metres and the accumulation of 13.82 tons of metal in the incremental reserve; and the simultaneous power of resource expansion, which changed in the first half of the year (6.71 square kilometres), and the bid for 4 prospecting rights (new surfaces)
The company's priority projects are well under way, with the company's mining investment in Lai County limited to a cumulative investment of $420 million during the reporting period.
In the lower wells and second sector, the total amount of excavations amounted to 12581 cubic metres, with the main surface plant, the complex of the mining area, the tailings bank works, the integrated pumping station works and the storage of the piles proceeding in an orderly manner, with 45 per cent of the work completed, laying a solid foundation for the subsequent commissioning.
The company announced in May of this year that it would acquire 49.3 per cent of the shares held by the group in Inner Mongolia, 80 per cent of the shares held by Hebei, 70 per cent of Liao Ning Tianli and 70 per cent of Liao Ning Feng.
Inner Mongolia's gold pots, Hebei's big white-yang and Liaoning Feng produced about 1.9 tons of gold in 2024, while Liaoning Tinley produced mainly smelting gold and silver, and in 2024 the gold price went up, and the company's new Saaring gold mining project was steadily moving forward.
This period has led to an increase in the volume of home-grown minerals, an upward profit forecast that maintains a “buy-in” of 1 million gold prices; 2) a fall in the value of gold produced by companies; 3) a fall in construction of new projects; and 4) safety and environmental impacts on gold mining, etc.
Presentation by the Colored Group of the Master of Science, Chinese University of Hong Kong, with a six-year experience in new energy research.
I did not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.