Gold and copper prices have risen, and the company's business performance has released a good return net profit of 2,695 million yuan for 25h1, q2 showing a bright performance of 2025h1, and the company has achieved a revenue of $35,667 million, an increase of about 22.9 per cent over the same period; and the return has been achieved.
The price of copper has continued to rise, supporting the company's growth in profits ton, which has changed by 2.35 per cent and 1.47 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period the previous year; with respect to the production of copper in mines by 38.1 million, the average price of current gold in London has risen by 39.21 per cent in the first half of the year, and the value of gold in Shanghai has increased by 39.21 per cent in the first half of the year.
The highest/minimum price for 52 weeks The weighted average price for the first half of the Golden Collection was 41.07 per cent higher than that for the previous half of the year. The average monthly copper price for the London Gold Exchange (lme) increased by 3.51 per cent and the average copper price for the three-month period, respectively.
The average monthly copper prices of the Shanghai Futures Exchange rose by 2.42%, and the average copper prices of the Shanghai Futures Exchange increased by 3.85% and 3.04% respectively.
With increased resource storage and continued progress in the construction of Saaring, the cumulative investment in geological prospecting of $13.338 million, the completion of pit exploration works of 3.22 million metres, drilling works of 14.7 million metres and the cumulative completion of 13.82 tons of metal in the additional fund.
Kilometres; consolidation of 1 mining right with an area of 6.71 km2; competition for 4 prospecting rights, with an additional area of 21.90 km2; cumulative investment of 3,077 million yuan, representing about 68 per cent of the total investment in the Saaring gold.
Gold production is expected to increase significantly the company’s mineral gold production, thus increasing its profitability, and gold production is expected to increase in order to support the company’s development of the gold master industry, enhance its potential for future development, and solve its problems with the company.
There are problems of competition among peers, and based on a non-competing commitment to the company, the Gold Group, a company-owned shareholder, plans to inject into the company four companies that are now incubating the more mature ones, Nemonkinto, Da-Yang Hebei, Liao Ning-Tianli and Liao Ning-Fung. The company intends to acquire the inner Mon-jin held by the Gold Group.
The company will actively promote audit, evaluation, etc., of the targeted assets.
Work, the final acquisition price will be further audited and assessed, and agreed upon. We believe that if a successful acquisition is achieved, the company’s mineral production can be increased to some extent, thereby raising the price of the gold that is expected to fall, and the company’s projects are not as fast as expected.
▪ Profit forecasts and financial indicators, data used in this report are derived from what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness. The findings of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, fund companies, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.