Performance is slightly higher than expected, taking into account the continued high rate of growth of the company, and performance is higher than expected. Growth in corporate performance is largely due to the release of the company ' s prior productive capacity, with lower costs as a proportion of income.
In January/February of the year, the company installed 3.2gwhh, in March, and in March, the industry installed 5.1gwhh, a conservative estimate that, based on a 40 per cent market rate, Ninde was expected to load about 2gwh in March, with a combined load of about 5.2gwhh in the first quarter of the year, an increase of about 140 per cent over the same period. In addition, about 2gwh was installed in 18 years in the first quarter of the year.
It was confirmed that the company's performance had increased by one quarter, that the profitability was stable, that the cost rate was lower, that the price of power cells was relatively stable, that the company's products were in short supply and that the subsidy policy had been implemented for 18 years.
Meta/wh, battery system production costs approximately 0.63 and 0.78/wh. The cost end is declining, and the Māori rate is expected to remain around 30% for the technology-led industry during the Ningde era. In addition, it benefits from enhanced cost management by companies, stable market patterns, and rapid advances in high nickel.
The company has fully tied its front-line customers to the domestic market, and the city’s share is stable at 40% +, and the company’s placement abroad is moving fast, while the firm’s strong profile in the high nickel trinity will be a leader in the process of high nickelization. We expect that the company’s share will remain at 40% + in 2019.
At a horizontal level, high nickel products will move towards market penetration, corresponding to 44 and 37 times greater, respectively, in the Ningde era (300,750) - depth reporting - technology.
At the same time as the cost, Lithium Electric Unicorn will be available for the future.
Xu Wai: Master of Technology from Zhejiang University, two years of experience in securities research, covering power generation from new sources. Li Xiaohowo: Master of Space Engineering from Beijing University of Technology, one year of experience in securities research, covering vehicles from new sources.
Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City