Three-quarterly review 2023: q3 net return profit and increase 27 October 2023, Research Assistant Kozheng-tae.
Keyword: #Short assets Incident: 25 October 2023, the company released its performance report for the third quarter of 2023. The company earned $20,731 million in the first three quarters of 2023, an increase of 2.96% from the previous year, resulting in a net return to the mother.
Of this amount, q3 collected $6.750 billion, an increase of 3.40 per cent, resulting in a net profit of $626 million from the mother, with confidence and active preparation of raw materials, products and finished products.
The bill proposes to recapitalize Hwa Yan's instrument with $16 million in cash. This replenishment will facilitate the completion of the 14th Five Military Order of Hwa's instrument, seize opportunities for military aviation, civil aviation, aviation technology applications in advanced manufacturing industries, and enhance business capability and development.
Airborne is a platform for the professional integration and industrial development of aviation electronic systems under the umbrella of the Aviation Industry Group and a domestic aviation electronics system.
The main suppliers, covering the three main areas of defence aviation, civil aviation, and advanced manufacturing, have had many years of advantage and accumulation in the field of aeronautical equipment manufacturing. The military industry continued to be high in the late 14th century, defence information was continuously added, and companies are expected to benefit from downstream flights in the future.
Reporting point: The net profit from the parent and the increase in the net profit from the upgrading of empty equipment and the continuous upgrading of the accelerated preparation and intelification levels. 25.30 per cent, with two increases in the production of first-class aviation
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company's performance is in line with expectations, based on the high profile of the military industry during the 1455s, and taking into account the company's central position in aviation operations, we maintain the previous projections, and the aircraft is carrying three financial projections.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.