Mountain International (000975.sz): Cost advantage March 19, 2025.
The company achieved business income of 13,585 million yuan during the reporting period. The company was one of the leading gold producers in China.
The company owns four gold mines and one lead, silver and silver, polymetal, and its efficiency gains are evident, and the multi-factor resonance has driven the company to record high levels of performance.
At the end of the year, the company had six mining companies, of which it was producing.
Mine, Qinghai, Qinghai, with a huge potential for increased prospecting, three of the Qinglong gold mines (Rock, Jilin, Qinghai, Qinghai, Qinghai, Qinghai, Qinghai) are producing lead, silver and silver, and mining is currently the largest single mineral in the country.
1 mountain (the Yulong mine), 1 mine to be rehabilitated (the Chinese gold mine) and 1 mine under construction (one of the Narcone mines). According to data from the Chinese Gold Association, the company ' s mineral gold production was marketed in 2023 in the national gold mine.
Ten thousand tons, 1285 million tons of zinc and 774.2 million tons of silver metal. The company is ranked sixth in the Department of Mineral Resources on an ongoing basis, and is also a mining company with a high rate of Māori in gold mines, achieving net profits across the country in 2023.
The company made an annual exploration investment of $176 million in 2024, and it ranked fourth among the companies listed in the annual exploration of gold mining. In August of that year, the company’s controlling subsidiary, Jilin Temple, signed a concession of mining rights with the Ministry of Natural Resources in Jilin.
In the next three to six months, significant matters to be noted: a square kilometer, which helps to maintain a balance between the resources of the Jilin Tablet and the resources kept stable. In September 24, the right to prospecting in the 1118 Highlands of lead and zinc mines in Mongolia, a company-owned subsidiary, was transferred to mining rights, mining rights.
An area of 3.4821 square kilometres, using underground mining methods and producing 0.99 million tonnes/year, mainly silver, zinc, copper and lead. Given that the Yulong mining site is located in the non-ferrous metal belts of the Great Happiness and is a world-class non-ferrous metal deposits (gold, copper, lead, zinc, gold) priority area, the effective implementation of the exploration will be carried out.
Further optimize the company’s mineral growth. In addition, in late August 24, the company officially completed the Osino reserve, which will increase further. By January 25, the company had signed an agreement with the Man City Haihua Development Corporation to acquire the gold exploration rights and the gold and gold deposits of the Yunnan province’s Changxi dam area.
As at the end of the reporting period, the company had 16 prospecting rights in the country, with exploration totalling 187.08 square kilometres: the company ' s Osino mine also had approximately 5638 square kilometres in Namibia.
The company’s polymetallic output has increased steadily. The company’s mining capacity has continued to optimize, and its polymetallic production has increased steadily and has exceeded its annual production tasks.
From a perspective, the Namibia Osino project, acquired by the company in 24 years, or it started production in 2026 and formed in 2026, about 5.04 tons of mineral gold production, combined with the company's other mineral production projects, is estimated to have a high probability of completing the plan of 15 tons of annual mineral gold production by 2026, which means that the company is the most growing in the country.
The company is one of the gold companies that has the best control over the cost of mining in the industry. The company has benefited from new initiatives to increase gold prices, improve the efficiency of mining production, and reduce efficiency.
In the reporting period, the company’s mineral gold ratio rose from 60.76 per cent in 23 years to 73.54 per cent in 24 years, and the cost of mineral gold after the company’s combined amortization was 23 years.
Optimization of the process for indicators such as rates, poverty rates, smelting rates, equipment turnover rates, and improvement in the efficiency of the combined use of resources. Given the increasing trend of gold prices and the substantial increase in efficiency in the combined use of corporate resources, it is expected that the cost of corporate output per unit will continue to be optimized, which will help the company to estimate later.
In the reporting period, the company’s ability to pay back continued to grow, with an average of 7.09% of the annual gold sector. Net interest rates on sales fell slightly as a result of significant growth in the metal trade, from 19.35% in 23 years to 17.89% in 24 years (average of 24q3 million gold industry).
The company is a mining company with a very low ratio of domestic assets and liabilities, which further strengthens its ability to finance and the cost advantage of capital. Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account the traditional gold-based purely financial attribution pricing approach, the business sector has become weaker.
The price-fixing pattern of the commodity supply and demand attribute is clearly reinforced, and the gold financial attribute determines price elasticity and the supply and demand attribute determines price resilience. The gold supply and demand has entered a structural bias at the commodity price-pricing level, and prices will tend to tend to be volatile. Given the fermentation of the gold hedge, liquidity premium, and exchange-rate premium.
The pace of progress is lower than expected, with the core clients of accounts receivable being at a higher risk.
East Hing Securities Corporation (ECS) reported that Mountain International (000975.sz): the cost advantage continues to grow, and the company's performance is historically high.
Financial derivatives research, investment, and team management experience. Former investment manager (cta) of the East China Asset Management Programme, and general manager of the East China Futures Investment Advisory Department. Second and third prizes in joint research on futures options at the China Financial Exchange (CIFE): former author of contracts for Anteco, China Metals Bulletin, Economic Reference Journal, registered rights lecturer at the Shanghai Futures Exchange, registered rights lecturer at the Chinese Financial Futures Exchange.
The research assistant, Xiao Park, graduated from the University of California at Santa Barbara, applied mathematics and economics, and joined the East Hing Securities in May 2024.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.