The growth hormones are in the growth cycle, the income keeps growing at a high rate, the three-quarterly reviews of the Changchun Quen Quen report, and the events: the three-quarters report of the Yingchun Queng Queng Quen 2019, with a 47.9 per cent increase in net profit returns from the same year.
The company published three-quarter reports in 2019, with income realized in the first three quarters, net return profits, net non-return profits.
The liquidity stock (millions of shares) grew by 31.0 per cent, net profit by 49.6 per cent, and continued to grow at a high base last year (q3 performances increased by 72 per cent on a year-on-year basis). q3 achieved income of 2,052 million (+47.59 per cent) in a single quarter, resulting in net profit of 510 million.
The pre-exploitation phase is moving to market fine-tuning, and sales rates are falling and stabilizing. The growth hormones are in a high-growth cycle. The number of newcomers is expected to continue at a high rate this year, driven mainly by higher penetration rates, and are expected to remain high for the next three years.
We have come to the conclusion that some 274,000 persons currently in the 4-15 age group have received growth hormone treatment, corresponding to a total of 5.82 million persons born in 2004-2015, or 4.7 per cent, with an increase in penetration rate, and are proposed to purchase 29.5 per cent of the gold-challenged pharmaceutical industry at a price of $5.63 billion for the gold medallion and the forest temple sea, in which 29.5 per cent of the shares are distributed.
If the transaction is successfully completed, the gold race will become the company’s owner-in-charge.
Water pox seedlings are now being restored, and a joint venture has been set up to organize the respiratory cosmovirus vaccine.
2019q1-q3 million doses (-23 per cent) of phoenix vaccine, 243,000 units of rabies vaccine (-89 per cent), fast recovery of phoenix seedlings with the new plant area, q3 quarter of Q3 epidemic 2. Long spring high (000661): the pharmaceutical industry drives performance.
On October 17, the company announced a joint venture with Cyanvac in the United States.
The joint venture will acquire the rights of the United States company, Cyanvac, to respiratory syndromic virus vaccine in a world other than China, and to develop it. Respiratory syndromic virus vaccine is a problem in the world’s medical field, and when we succeed in developing a respiratory syndrovirus vaccine, the company will be based on the original vaccine product.
The company has a large variety of growth hormones, a low penetration rate, sufficient room for growth, a good competitive pattern, and free of health insurance, and is expected to remain 32 times higher over the next three years. Considering the influence of the gold race’s minority stock mergers and acquisitions and stock amortization, the current price is 42 times that of 19 years, and is in the centre of historical valuations, with a certain value premium as a result of firm performance growth is certain.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeking to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.