Last night, the company disclosed three quarterly reports of operating income of $5.444 billion, an increase of 31.5 per cent over the same period; net parent income of $2.05 billion, or $510 million in non-mother ' s net profit, an increase of 47.6 per cent and 76.8 per cent, respectively, overperforming performance.
Over-expected performance in the first three quarters, with high growth hormone prospects, the first three quarters saw a 31.5 per cent and 47.9 per cent increase in net profit from corporate collections and parent returns, respectively, of which 19q3 received 2.05 billion yuan and 510 million yuan in net profit from mothers, 47.6 per cent and 76.8 per cent, respectively, and the size and size of the 19q3 battalion.
Profits make their best performance in the first quarter of history. The first three quarters saw a 30.99% increase in the pharmaceutical business, a high profit rate of 49.58%, which we estimate is mainly driven by the high performance of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, the 19h1th Battalion.
New: Real estate settlements boosted performance at a rate of 41.7 per cent and 47.8 per cent, respectively, of revenue and profit respectively; in vaccine operations, 100 grams of first half of life vaccine products were put to the ground by the Golden Race acquisition programme
Production approvals slowed down, production issuances returned to normal in the third quarter, and vaccinations were issued in the first quarter of 2019 q1-q3 for water pox reduction, approximately 514,000 bottles, 162 million bottles and 2.57 million bottles, respectively.
The prospect of growth hormones in the company’s heavy-pound pharmaceutical business is still very promising. The gold-track pharmaceutical industry has the most full-scale growth hormones in the country.
The net profit was about $1.13 billion, an increase of 53.4% and 65.1%, respectively, and the income and profits of 2019h1 continued to grow at a high rate of 40%. The growth hormones domestic market ceiling is still far away, and according to the Chinese Medical Day Science Division, the country’s children’s news securities company reported a high rate of growth.
The incidence of dwarfism is about 3 per cent, with about 7 million children in the 4-15 age group in all cases requiring treatment, new: growth hormones continue to grow rapidly, of which one third are rational, approximately 2.1 million are treated on the basis of the cost of the current powder year.
In the longer term, the vaccine is expected to return to normal in the second half of the year, with only 100,000 children with a penetration rate of less than 5 per cent, and as society and parents become more aware and aware of growth hormones, there is much room for growth in the future.
The company's programme to acquire the rights and interests of minority shareholders in the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry has been reviewed by the CSRC, and 92.02% of the trade is to be paid in the form of payment and issuance of shares, i.e. approximately $5,187 million; 798% of the trade is to be paid in the form of the issue of convertable bonds, i.e. $450 million, pending the closure of the q4 purchase dust.
By issuing shares in exchange for listed companies, East will be more closely bound up with the interests of listed companies to remove market concerns and remove future development risks. At the same time, the gold industry is the main source of profit, and the gold industry, the forest temple, committed to the gold industry 2019-2021.
Net profits are not less than 1,558 million yuan, 1.948 billion yuan and 2.32 billion yuan, respectively. Completely combined, it will also be useful to increase each share of the company's profits, assuming, based on price increases, that follow-up fund-raising and conversion into equity will not be considered for the time being, 52/39/31 times; and that the company will maintain a “buy-in” rating of 35 per cent of its average net profits over the next three years.
Increased competition in the growth hormone industry; risk to the quality of vaccine operations; industry policy risk.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.