Growth hormone fast-disbursing, with 48 per cent growth in corporate performance, events: three quarterly reports from companies, which generated operating income of $5.444 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 31.50 per cent over the previous year; net profits attributable to general shareholders in listed companies, which amounted to $1,241 million.
50.61%, exceeding expectations. Of this total, 2,052 million yuan in operating income was realized in the single third quarter, a rapid increase over the same period in the previous year in the growth hormone plate, and 45% or more in the Golden Race drug industry: based on grass root research, we believe that the overall growth hormones in the country are growing faster, at a rate of over 35%.
The pharmaceutical industry is leading. We think that the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry is growing at a rate of 2019 q1-q3 or more than 45%, and we think that the reason for the rapid growth is mainly the demand side: 1) consumption upswings the growth of long hormones, and the significant increase in the number of new paediatric cases, which boosts the company’s performance as it ranks.
The growth hormones that drive the policy of diagnosis and treatment sink into the grass-roots market, while the outflow of prescriptions leads to an increase in pharmacies' sales. 2) At the end of supply - companies increase their academic outreach, marketing has expanded their channels, raising their market share, and the national market share has increased by 3%.
▪ Three quarters of the vaccine plate is warming or making a small profit: subject to vaccine events, the entire vaccine industry is slowing down. In the first half of 2019, the company was able to issue 2.35 million doses of pox vaccine, a 36.12 per cent decline compared to the previous year; and rabies, 1.74 million doses of rabies vaccine, a decline compared to the previous year.
86.08%. With the negative effects of vaccine events faded in the third quarter, 10,000 copies were issued in the single quarter. We believe that by the third quarter, considering the continuing trend of oversupply of end-market vaccine products, the bulk-issued products could be sold in full, in the first three quarters of the vaccine plate, or in the form of company troupes.
1. Long Spring High (000661): Influenza, the growth rate of growth in seedlings has been slightly lower than expected, and the Golden Race Medicines industry has continued to grow at a rapid rate.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: without taking into account the balance sheet of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, we expect the long 2019-08-13 Acquisition of minority equity interests in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry to gain
These factors are driven by the ability to maintain a high rate of growth and continue to contribute to the company's profits; 100 grams of organisms are gradually returning to sales after the “vaccine event” of 2019-06-07. We therefore maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The hormonal fast-pumping and blocking of real estate settlements drive the company's performance up to a high rate 3-quarterly reports: the performance rate is 48% higher than expected.
Quarterly reports issued by companies: operating income of $5.444 billion in the first three quarters, representing an increase of 31.50 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profit attributable to general shareholders in listed companies of $1,241 million, representing an increase of 47.93 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net interest earned on non-patrimony of $2,052 million in the third quarter alone, representing an increase of 47.59 per cent over the same period in the previous year; belonging to listed companies
The net profit of ordinary shareholders was $514 million, an increase of 76.82 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profit of $513 million was deducted from the non-repatriated parent, and the net profit of company shareholders belonging to listed companies from the beginning of the year to the end of the present report increased by 47.93 per cent over the year.
According to our view, the Golden Race drug industry maintains rapid growth, leading to a stable overall performance of the company 2.1. The growth hormone plate is growing rapidly, and the gold race drug industry is growing at a rate of 45 per cent or more, and based on grass-roots research, we believe that the overall growth hormone in the country is growing faster, at a rate of over 35 per cent.
Growth hormone growth is driven by the rapid release of growth hormones. We believe that the reasons for the rapid growth of growth hormones are mainly: 1) demand-side side - rising consumption leads to growth hormones and a significant increase in the number of new paediatric infections, driving companies’ performance.
Supply-side - companies increase their academic outreach, market marketing is expanded, market shares are raised, the vaccine plate is warming for the third quarter of the country, or a small profit is being made, subject to vaccine events, and the overall distribution of vaccines is slowing down.
The current issuance of 2.35 million units was 36.12 per cent lower compared to the previous period; the rabies vaccine was 1.74 million units, or 86.08 per cent lower than the previous three quarters, with 2.71 million single-quarter issuances as the adverse effects of vaccine events faded, and a total of 5.07 million cases (5.99 million in the first three quarters of last year).
There is still a tendency to oversupply the end-market vaccine products, full marketing of bulk-issued products and the first three quarters of the vaccine plate, or to contribute to the company’s profits.The company’s Māori rate and net interest rate have steadily increased, and management efficiency has been increasing.
Corporate Māori rates and net interest rates have risen steadily, and sales and management rates have declined. We believe that the main reason for the increase in the Māori ratio in the public sector is the constant use of growth hormones. Growth hormones are high Māori products.
We believe that the main reason for the decline in the cost of company sales is the rapid increase in revenues generated by the rapid release of the growth hormone plate, the fact that the cost of sales has not increased as much as the revenue has increased, and we believe that the cost of company sales is likely to increase in the future, without taking into account the balance sheet of the gold- racing pharmaceutical industry, we expect the company to become a parent in 2019-2021.
And so, we maintain a “buy-in” rating. Industry changes risk, product sales are not as high as expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board