We've got a 100-year-old big picture of the capital, a 601,100-year-old track report, a 30-year-old storm that has created a multi-dimensional product continuum, downstream diversification, global vision, and so on.
The constant story originated in 1990, when the company had been focused on hydraulics and was committed to becoming a 100-year-old company; 30 years of rain, all the way to the country's high-end hydraulics import substitution process and to internationalizing and empowering the future. (1) Product series: the company took control of the cores of high-pressure tanks, hydraulic pump valves, etc.
The company has now formed a complete product line for the integration of hydraulic components, high-precision castings, hydraulic systems. (2) Downstream diversification: market value in circulation (millions):
The downstream application industry has expanded from excavators to more than a dozen industries, such as cranes, shields, high-altitude platforms, ships, port machines, etc., and has also opened up corporate growth when the cycle of ironing has fluctuated.
The Department expanded the North American market, acquired the Hoverinline docking German resources in 2015, enhanced R & D capabilities in 2017, and expanded India ' s market significantly in 2020 to accelerate the company ' s responsiveness in local markets and boost the international competitiveness of the Helium Hydraulic brands.
The construction of the main plant abroad is global, and corporate products will go out to sea in a synchronized fashion, accelerating the process of globalization. Engineering and machinery patterns are being remodeled, high-end hydraulics are being replaced, and there is a growing tendency to import high-end hydraulics.
China is the second largest market in the global hydraulic industry, with a global share of about 30.2%, and in 2019, with a market size of about 73.6 billion yuan, with imports accounting for about 22.8%, and a large shortfall in the import of high-end hydraulics. In domestic hydraulic products, engineering and machinery account for almost half of the world’s economy.
"N.S.S.C.A.-H.S.A., 2020." "Accumulation and sedimentation through several rounds of industry, competitive power is catching up with the big overseas players, 2020." "A little overperformance, global vision opening up room for growth."
As of October 2020, it was small/medium/larger. Adding the global epidemic to supply chain security factors, the mainframe plant has become more eager to look for national production.
It is hoped that this will be the way to move upstream hydraulic parts and components into national production. Stereo hydraulics, as the largest domestic brand, will provide an overview: three seasons of bright performance, competitiveness highlights accelerated scale expansion.
Sub-historical opportunities have resulted in deep import substitution in the domestic market for high-end hydraulics.
The company uses the excavator valve as a breakout point, and is gradually moving towards the import of non-digger valves such as cranes, high-altitude platforms, concrete pumps, etc. According to our estimates, the first three quarters of 2020 were occupied by small dig pump valves.
In 2021, it is expected that the company ' s non-dump valves will also be accompanied by mainframe customers such as cranes, high-altitude operating platforms, and so on. In the future, the company will also rely on sophisticated manufacturing advantages and products.
Qin Ying's ability to innovate is gradually gaining ground in the wider market for industrial pump valves. At the same time, the company will in the future increase capacity-building for integrated application of three-dimensional electrolytes and fully implement the walk-out through extended M&As.
The strategy is to integrate international high-quality hydraulic resources and work to become a high-end hydraulic device with international influence of 100% to 50/35/27x. Given the vast import replacement space in the hydraulics industry and the company’s leading position, 1. Lead China’s hydraulic development, multi-dimensional and deep-energy future.
It started in 1990 with hydraulics at its core, running from one foot to the other, and has become a Chinese hydraulic industry. From a single hydraulic tank, the company rapidly developed into a large integrated enterprise with combined hydraulic components, precision castings, aerodynamic components, hydraulic systems, etc.
The big bureau, actively integrating into the global innovation system, leading China’s hydraulic industry, and building a 100-year-old business. 1.1 Series of products: hydraulic cores, high-precision castings, integrated hydraulic systems development.
Heart hydraulic component means hydraulic pump (power element), valve (control element), motor (executor element), fuel tank (executor element). At present, the company has formed a complete product line for the integration of all hydraulic core elements, high-precision casts, hydraulic systems, and continuously upgrades the core competitive edge, responding positively to industrial strength strategy, and is committed to providing an efficient client.
Figure 1: The company has developed an integrated development model for all core hydraulic components, high-precision casts, hydraulic systems, from fuel tanks to pump valves to motors, to national production replacements.
So, the company's share of the bunkers has continued to rise (from around 10% to more than 50%), with the mainstream dredging companies such as Trinity, Carter, Xu, Willow, and so on. After the company made a big leap in the tank area, new pump valves began a bulk-packing of the country's flagships in 2017, and the market occupancy rate has risen rapidly (after which it will focus its analysis) and has now been achieved.
In 2019, the company's 6-50-t-level back-to-back motor successfully started a batch package at the mainframe plant with its superior performance. Digger tanks, non-scaling tanks, and hydraulic pump valves have become the three pillars of the company's business.
Excavator tank revenues amounted to $2.19 billion, a 34.9 per cent increase over the previous year, 41.3 per cent over the same period, $951 million over the same period, or 1.8 per cent over the same period, or 17.6 per cent over the same period, and hydraulic pump valve revenues amounted to $1.71 billion over the same period, which was a significant increase in the size of the same period, leading to a sustained increase in corporate profitability.
At the right level, the non-scaling tanks were influenced by the structure of the product and increased considerably in the first three quarters of 2020, to 44.1%, the same level as the excavator tanks. The scale effect was highlighted and the good rate of raw material foundries increased, raising the Māori rate for hydraulic pump valves to 44.7%, and the overall Māori rate for companies in the first three quarters of 2020 was 42.25%, an increase of 5.7 pcts.
The company ' s hydraulic product downstream application machinery includes: walking machines, represented by excavators, underground drilling equipment, represented by shields, marine and marine machinery, represented by ships, port machinery, special vehicles, represented by high-altitude platforms, and wind and solar energy industries and fields.
The world’s top 500 and world-renowned host customers, such as steel, Japanese construction machine, Kubota construction machine, Trinity, Xu, Willow, China Iron Engineering, Iron construction heavy works, etc. The hydraulic tank downstream application industry is the most widespread, except for the excavator-specific tank, the lift tank series, the shield engine oil.
The non-bill tanks, such as the cylinders, the high-end marine oil tanks, form an important part of the company’s tank business. Of these, the domestic city of the guilder tank accounts for 80%, the global city accounts for 60%, and is gradually moving from a small guilder tank to a large hard rock-digger tank. The company’s crane tank is divided into a car crane tank and a high-altitude platform tank, and a high-altitude platform tank.
The tanks are dominated by major export suppliers from Europe and the United States; the main clients of the car cranes are manitowooc and the country’s Trinity mainframe. The production capacity is adjusted according to the industry cycle to ensure a steady increase in tank revenues.
To cope with the impact of overseas operations, companies have been active in developing new domestic customers in the maritime and new energy sectors, and revenues from special fuel tanks have remained stable in the first three quarters of 2020.
Hydraulic pump valves and motor products are mainly used in the field of excavators and engineering machinery other than excavators. Currently, the company has successfully developed and produced a number of series of master pump valves and motors: in addition to penetration in the excavator industry, the company has increased its development in non-digger areas, such as high-altitude platforms, cranes, etc.
In addition, companies have started to develop hydraulic products in industrial areas such as industrial pumps, scale electromagnetic valves, and industry orders have continued to grow. With engineering machinery alone, the demand for hydraulic products in areas other than excavators and high-altitude platforms is equally significant.
High-altitude platform hydraulics include one pump valve each, four walk motors, and two large fuel tanks, with an average value of about $45,000 per station. The hydraulics of the vehicle cranes include the main pump, the main valve, the fuel tank, and one motor each. Because of the speed of movement and the simpleness of the tank, the production difficulties of the pump valves are close to those of the excavator pump valves, with a value of about one.
410,000 yuan. According to the estimates, the size of hydraulics for automobile cranes and high-altitude platforms is estimated to be approximately 2.210 billion yuan and $1.05 billion yuan in 2020, representing a market size of 3.26 billion yuan. While not as large as the market for dredging hydraulics, the non-digging area is an area where companies have yet to recultivate in large quantities, and future releases will make a significant contribution to the scale of revenue.
1.3 Globalization of horizons: R & D, services, and globalization of production.
In 2016, overseas revenues amounted to $754 million, a 7 per cent decline in the first three quarters of the year, a further decline to 14.1 per cent.
Of these, three major workers and Caterpillar are major export brands, with a combined market share of about 70%. Of these, about 12993 exports were sold by Caterpillar, with 37.4% exports from the public sector as a global supplier of Caterpillar, and the excavator tanks were supplied to factories such as Carter China, Japan, the United States and Indonesia.
In 2017, the company also began to supply Shinzi steel and Japanese factories in Japan, and foreign export cooperation gradually deepened. Moreover, with the overseas configuration of the mainframe plants such as Xu, Xu, and others, the company’s products will go out of the sea in parallel, gradually showing a 30.5% increase in the export of excavators in 2020.
Figure 11: Trinity and Carter are the main export brands, with a combined market share of 70% R & D, dual-dimensional globalization of production, and accelerated internationalization. Companies are acquiring brands like Haweinline hydraulics, Japanese apparel firm, and absorbing the technology of countries' hydraulic products in order to open up global markets.
The Indian government plans to invest Rs. 1 trillion ($1.4 trillion) over the next five years in infrastructure construction in 2019, India’s engineering and machinery needs are expected to grow rapidly over the next five years, and India’s market has been expanded significantly in 2020, with the company investing $550 million to build 60,000 square metres of Indian plants.
In the future, companies will scale up their outreach M&As, implementing a “go-out” strategy to strengthen their technology while accelerating their internationalization. Currently, companies have four hydraulic R&D centers and nine manufacturing bases in China, Germany, the United States, Japan, and India.
The level of technology and the scale of production are at the forefront of the world hydraulic field, serving more than 2,000 top clients worldwide, with major markets covering more than 20 countries and regions.
Figure 13: Global distribution of rhesus hydraulic pressure 2. Engineering and mechanical patterns are reconstructed, and the trend towards substitution of hydraulics for imports has deepened. 2.1 The country is the second largest hydraulic market in the world, with a gap in the import of high-end hydraulics still in place.
According to the International Committee on Fluid Dynamics, global sales of hydraulics reached 31.6 billion euros in 2019, the same scale as in 2018, and the global hydraulic industry has entered a relatively stable and mature phase. In recent years, China’s hydraulic market has shown a steady expansion.
This represents an increase of €952 million, or 4.9 per cent over the same period, which corresponds to approximately RMB 73.6 billion, compared to a global share of €31.6 billion in 2019 for the hydraulic industry, and €15: distribution of sales of hydraulic products among major countries worldwide, 2019
The gap in domestic hydraulic imports is still large. In 2019, our hydraulic industry produced 64.1 billion yuan, with a steady increase in production values and market patterns; of this, it imported about 21,73 billion yuan, or 22.8 per cent of the total, while the gap in the import of high-end hydraulics remains large.
Figure 16: Stabilization of sales in the domestic hydraulic industry Figure 17: Large gap in the import of high-end hydraulics 2.2 Remodelling downstream engineering machinery patterns and accelerating the process of domestication of hydraulics
2.2.1 Engineering machinery continues to have a strong climate of recalcitrant demand In the application of domestic hydraulic products, engineering machinery occupies almost half of the wall. The downstream industry of hydraulic products is widely distributed, and the downstream industry in China’s hydraulics market is dominated by engineering machinery, vehicles, heavy machinery, machine tools, and so on.
In February 2021, the number of excavators increased twice, and the number of excavators remained at an all-time high in February, a 51 per cent increase over the 18.7 million sales in February 2019.
Much of this is due to repeated outbreaks and earlier stoppages of work before the end of the spring season, which has led to the early start of many projects in the industry. Investments in downstream infrastructure and real estate construction have continued to improve, and q1 and even the first half of 2021 will remain high in January-February 2021.
Engineering machinery is driven by multiple factors, such as stock upgrading plus artificial replacement plus environmental upgrading, and demand is more resilient. In the case of excavators, the country ' s holdings have remained stable overall for the last four years, with the arrival of national policy support, environmental upgrading and the replacement cycle, the IAEM forecast that the number of excavators withdrawn in 2021 was 102,000.
Reconciling demand with additional demand, engineering machinery has a super-resilient cycle. Figure 21: Maintenance of domestic excavators has steadily increased. Figure 22: Refurbishment of domestic excavators in 2021 to 102,000
2.2.2 Re-engineering of engineering machinery. Cost pressures + supply chain security factors accelerate the domesticization of parts and components Re-engineering of excavator market patterns and a rapid increase in national production rates. 70.4% of excavators were nationalized in 2020 and 7.4 pcts were increased by the same year, leading national producers accelerated the erosion of foreign brands, with Japanese/Korean/European/American producers falling respectively.
7.5 per cent/8.6 per cent/13.5 per cent, foreign space for survival is being squeezed gradually. The increase in national production rates is replaced by a cost-reducing pressure to boost the import of hydraulics from the main plant in small and large digs. As of October 2020, the average price of small/medium/large digs fell by 37.1 per cent/26.6 per cent/27.1 per cent compared to 2018, while the price of small digs from foreign brands fell by about 15 per cent.
20%, faster than medium-sized digs; the price of small digs for national product plates declines faster, with a rapid decline of about 30% to 50% in low prices. Driven by cost pressures, the mainframe has actively sought out domestic suppliers of spare parts in pursuit of cost advantages.
Supply chain risks increase. Import substitution in the high-end hydraulic field accelerates. Excavator hydraulic pump valves used to be held by foreign manufacturers, with Leslie and Kawasaki as the old hydraulics enterprise, and Lesler and Henaga as the main suppliers of small-divide pump valves, while the large and medium dig pump valves are dominated by Kawasaki. The dredgers hydraulic tank is mainly provided by the persistent, kyb and Toyochi electric machines in 2020.
Global outbreaks have induced supply chain security, and domestic mainframes have become more eager to seek domestic production packages, and to proactively promote upstream domestication of hydraulic parts and components. Taken together, domestic hydraulic brands can be adapted to local conditions, with a higher value for money, increasingly sophisticated product quality and faster delivery capacity, and a larger share.
2.3 The competitive advantage of domestic hydraulic software firms has been marked by the gradual fragmentation of the share of foreign investment under the umbrella of import substitution, the rapid expansion in the size of domestic firms to over 40 per cent of the market share of international giants, but with a clear trend of fragmentation and a growing share of domestic firms.
In the global hydraulic market, four companies, Bo Shires, Paik Hanni, Eton, and Kawasaki, held nearly half of the world ' s market share. In 2019, Bo Shires, Paik Haneshaw, Itton, Kawasaki heavy labour market held 19.7 per cent, 9.7 per cent, 7.2 per cent, 5.7 per cent respectively, but the combined market share was 42.3 per cent, compared with 2012.
There is a clear trend towards fragmentation (46.4 per cent). In 2019, the global occupancy rate of constant hydraulic fluids, Eddie precision has risen to 2.2 per cent, 0.6 per cent, and in the domestic market, domestic firms have outsized Japanese brands. In 2019, Paikhany, Eton, Kawasaki.
Heavy labor, and kyb's hydraulic revenues are more than RMB 8 billion. By contrast, the size of domestic taps' constant hydraulic fluids and Eddie's sophisticated hydraulic fluids' revenues is very different from those of international giants, and there is much room for upgrading, but hydraulics are now operating more profitablely than foreign firms.
The business turnover rate for Paik Hanni's hydraulics is diversified industrial business data; the business rate for the heavy hydraulics and robotics of the churds at the Quantities at the Quantities; and the business rate for the lyceums at Nabotsk is cmp (lower and hydraulics) data.
Starting in 2016, the country’s leading firms, the constant hydraulic fluids and Eddie sperm, quickly increased their sophisticated income, doubled their income in 2017, increased Eddie’s sophisticated income at the same rate of 60%, and maintained high and steady growth for nearly three years. In the first half of 2020, the constant hydraulic fluids and the Eddie sperm.
2.3.2 The competitive advantage of the domestic hydraulic taps is significant, and profits are already anti-surplus, 1.49 billion yuan a year, 780 million yuan a year for the anti-Autusaki heavy labourers, 490 million $490 million a year, Keyb ($350 million a year) due to the difference in the overall level of income between the domestic flagships and the Patrick Hannij and Eton companies.
In the case of hosting plants, where cost advantages are pursued, preference is given to lower-priced high-quality parts and components, while hydraulics have limited scope to reduce prices and produce domestically.
The company’s product supply period is about 30 to 60 days, while the supply period for hydraulics is generally about three months, with some core products to be imported and delivery to be extended. In terms of profitability, the firm’s international giants are growing. Roe’s losses are relatively small, and in the first half of 2020, anti-super international.
Figure 31: The Māori ratio of domestic priority enterprises is significantly higher than that of international mega-enterprises The trend of domestic product quality compared to foreign-backed ones and import substitution is established. The average price of small/medium/large digs in 2020 was higher than in 2018
Both have fallen by more than 20%, and the mainframe has been under greater pressure to lower prices, and has been actively looking for better-valued spare parts suppliers. Foreign hydraulic brands, because of their low profitability, have less room for price reduction, and have a larger share of domestic capital.
3. The oil tank is based, the pump valve motor rises, the 100-year base industry of the company complements the 3.1 excavator tank and the non-scaling tank, and the moat river is significant. In 2019, the company earned 16 per cent of the country ' s total tank, with a significant pre-emptive advantage. In 2019, the company was at the bottom of the list.
The share of GDP in the domestic tank has reached 16%, with a significant advantage in size. Developed countries and regions such as Europe and America, Japan and other advanced countries have accumulated high-quality customers in the industry, creating a clear pre-eminence for the company, creating stronger entry barriers for potential competitors, and fully safeguarding the company’s potential to grow its share of the market in the hydraulic sector in the future.
In the first three quarters of 2020, the company earned about $3.14 billion, of which about 70% was the dredging tank, the rest included the shield tank and the crane tank, the marine industry.
The company is home to 80% of the city and 60% of the world's cities, and is gradually moving from the supply of small shields to large hard rock drilling tanks. The number of customers in the lifting series is well known, both within and outside the sea, including Zajiang Ding, jlg, Manitoba, Trex, snorkel, etc.
In the first three quarters of 2020, the Digger Tanks, with a declining share of foreign capital, earned $2.19 billion, an increase of 34.9 per cent in the same year, while the Digger Tanks business has remained at more than 50 per cent of the city for many years, while the head of the anti-vision company, the Japanese brand of kyb, has been running a downward trend since 2016.
The company’s non-scaling tanks are also involved in a number of other emerging areas, including new energy sources, marine industries, and so on. Over the past 20 years, the company’s deep-drawn vessels, berths, and marine industries have been actively developing their hydraulic systems development capabilities in the fields of marine and energy, providing numerous hydraulic system solutions and products for ships, offshore exploration platforms, and has now expanded their ttts,
High-quality customers such as McKegar, National Oil wells. In the new energy sector, companies have layouts in wind power, photovoltaics, tidal energy, etc., and in 2017, they developed and boosted the cisterns with the Gansu Aksai high-temperature smelting smelting shoals, and produced bulk production, with high-quality customers including Gomi, Vistas, and others.
3.2 The opportunity for pumps, valves, motors has come to an all-round rise in city occupancy. Excavator valve brands are dominated by Kawazaki, Ursula and Henaga. Since medium and large pump valve technology paths are different from small-divide pump valves and require separate research and development, pump valve manufacturers focus on different areas. Of this, zero to 13.5 tons of small-divide pump valves are derived from small-pump valves.
Lisbeth and Henjil are dominated, 13.5-30 tons of medium-dwelling pump valves have formed a pattern supported by Kawazaki, 30-50 tons of medium- and large-scale digs are held by Kawasaki monopoly, and more than 50 tons of large-scale mining are dominated by Rolex. Foreign pump valves are strained, there are large supply and demand gaps, and domestic business opportunities are coming.
The manufacturing base in China produces only hydraulic pumps and hydraulic motors, with a total turnover of 1.3 to 1.5 billion yuan in 2019, the capacity is far from sufficient to meet the needs of our main plant, and Kawasaki needs to import some of the pump valves, motors, etc., from Japan every year. According to Kawasaki's annual report, the volume of hydraulic machinery delivered in 2019 was 700,000 units, compared to the same amount.
With a 2.8 per cent drop and a target of 750,000 in 2021, we expect that Kawasaki will not have a large expansion plan in the face of the fact that the mainframe plant has begun to shift to home-grown production of hydraulic machinery and a declining market share, and that the supply and demand of hydraulic pump valves has fallen significantly, providing opportunities for domestic hydraulic systems.
3.2.2 The city of Digger Pump valves has been fully upgraded, the non-digger valves have been rapidly released, the small, medium- and large-scale pump valves have entered the accelerated import replacement phase, and the city is expected to continue to increase. The company dredging pump valves have supplied the main plants of Trinity, Xuhu, Willow, etc., and the company mini-pumps market has increased to 59% in the first three quarters of 2020.
Small dig valves account for 40%, the consolidated city for 50%, an increase of nearly 12 pcts from the end of 2019. The city is over 20% in mid-divide pump valves and, although still at the start-up stage, the city’s share is still significantly higher than in 2019. The non-dug pump valves and motors are developed and ready for release.
We have already prepared relevant cushions in non-digging areas such as high-altitude platforms, cranes, pumps, mine machinery, for example, about 22% of v60n pumps have been used in the crane area. We estimate that our hydraulic market in high-altitude platforms and cranes amounts to $1.05 billion and $2.21 billion, respectively, and is projected to be in 2021 as non-target products evolve.
The company ' s non-guide pump valves will also be accompanied by host customers, such as cranes and high-altitude operating platforms, and will be time-bound. The casting business will gradually be shaped to continue to reduce the efficiency of the pump valves.
The main factor behind the production of the current Kawasaki, Rolexle, pump valves is that companies are quick to capture their share of foreign investment by casting their competitors when they are not able to produce enough. At present, the total casting capacity is about 70,000 tons, and is expected to rise to between 90,000 and 100,000 tons in 2021 to address the underlying material problems of the company’s development.
More than 97% of the multi-road valve castings have also increased to 94%, effectively reducing the efficiency gains for pump valves. 3.3 The hydraulic industry is vulnerable, with 100-year macrogramming techniques measuring the country's level of industrialization, with higher industry barriers.
Complexity, etc., is a key building block for high-technology added value, providing power for various types of devices, control, etc., and faces five major barriers to entry into high-end hydraulics, including product design barriers, brand barriers, product development barriers, financial barriers and human resource barriers, and requires large-scale industrial division of labour, including infrastructure.
Hydraulics have become one of the important indicators of the level of domestic industrialization in a country. Hydraulic systems have evolved towards the integration and integration of electromechanical fluids.
It's the true direction of the hydraulics industry, which is largely done by hydraulic equipment companies, and the potential space for demand has been expanded. The company has followed the industry's development path, and the subsidiary's hydraulic technology was successfully opened in 2019.
The industrial pump valves are more widely applied and companies are well-arranged. In 2012, Shanghai was acquired, and industrial valves with a wide range of product applications have been developed, with production pressures, flow flows, and standard industrial hydraulic pressure in three main categories.
Valves and custom-made hydraulic integration systems. Products are widely used as equipment packages in mechanical industries such as machine tools, metallurgy, ships, plastics, wind power, cement, etc.
In parallel with the consolidation of domestic poles, the company has increased the construction and outsourcing of electromechanical fluid technology and is working to become a 100-year-old shop for high-end hydraulics with national influence. The company will continue to be configured to build capacity in the design and application of a three-dimensional combination of machinery, electronics, hydraulics, and high-end integrated design, in particular by increasing research on integrated electrolytic control techniques.
Application of smart motor control techniques for hair and complex electrolytic systems and full implementation of the “Go Out” strategy, using “China to create 2025 pairs of advanced global manufacturing industries, search for international high-quality hydraulics” as an ongoing integration effort to become an internationally influential supplier of high-end hydraulic equipment and hydraulic technology programme
Keeping the “buy-in” rating. Taking into account the high landscape of the industry and the elasticity of the company’s size effects, an upward adjustment of hundreds of millions of yuan, with net return to the mother amounting to $2,187 million, 3,113 million, and 3,981 million, respectively. Keeping the “buy-in” rating, given the vast import-substitution space in the hydraulics industry and the company’s leading position.
(a) The downstream industry is less favourable than expected;
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.