A return to growth in performance will result in a marked improvement in 2019 in China ' s aluminium industry (601,600) Quarterly Review of Corporate Stability and an increase in the contribution of investment earnings performance
The fall in profitability is mainly due to a small drop in aluminium prices and a trade of billions, an increase of $262 million. To build up the stock, aluminium will recover its profits.
Although the aluminium stock as a whole is still high, the trend of de-stocking in the fourth quarter of 2018, with a significant reduction in post-partum rates, has gradually become apparent. In January-February, due to spring factors, there was a marked increase in the inventory of aluminium in the previous period (up to 747,000 tons), and since March the inventory has begun to decline; as of 26 April, the inventory of aluminium in the previous period had fallen.
Aluminium production is slowly returning, and it is expected that aluminium companies will come up with a profit recovery time.  The advantages of the whole industry chain are evident, upstream resources are guaranteed, and higher value added products are added downstream.  The company has constructed the industrial chain, aluminium oxide, aluminium cellulium, aluminium alloy products, and aluminium oxide.
In terms of upstream resources, 17.5 tons of overseas bauxite were increased in 2018; in terms of downstream processing, companies will continue to upgrade and add value to their products.
High-value-added production lines, such as jade, sifting, and high-purity aluminium, have been completed, and production capacity will be released gradually. Taking into account the restoration of profits resulting from the increase in aluminium prices, and the loss of significant asset impairments in 2018 (2,472 million fractions), this is covered for the first time, with a “recommended” rating.
Aluminium prices are at risk, production capacity is not as fast as expected, and downstream demand is expected to fall. Corporate financial statement data projections are summarized in Jong-chuk, President of the Chinese Securities President's Assistant & Research Institute, post-Doctor of Finance Mathematics at Vanderbilt University, Ph.D. Johns Hopkins University, Bachelor of Arts at the University of Gangan.
Xue Shayang, Bachelor of Actuarials and Master of Financial Mathematics at the University of Monash, Australia, is engaged in non-ferrous metal industry and corporate research. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.