2023q3 with robust performance, long-term focus on the main business + new business/new canal Bull Group (603195.sh)
Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) %2023q3, robust performance, expansion and deepening of product lines, maintenance of the “buy-in” rating, $11.607 billion (+10.81 per cent) in revenues from the 2023q1-q3 company, and net profit to the mother of $2.81 billion
(+29.42%) Non-recurrent gains and losses are mainly due to net out-of-business income and differential returns on commission investment. Long-term prospects for robust master + new energy operations and overseas development, we maintain profit forecasts, and we expect a substantial increase in the cost of internal profit/purchase discounts + raw material cost dividends.
The increase in cost is mainly due to new product categories and channel expansion inputs, and overall cost rates are well regulated. Combining power connectivity and smart power industry is robust and new energy lines are well developed. (1) The electricity connection business continues to be innovatively upgraded, with track plugs representing the average cost of innovative upgrade products driven by innovation.
Growth trends, on the one hand, with decorative channels continuing to boost the efficiency of the flagship and integrated portals, and, on the other hand, with the robust harvest of Camp 2023q2 driven by supply chain drops, on the other hand, with the expansion of the orphan light. (3) The new energy business of 2023q3 is expected to double or triple.
A company with an over-expected increase in profits: a company with a long update of information, thanks on the one hand to the continuous performance of the wire charger, and, on the other hand, to the bottom of the line, the B-side operators and the bulletin, 2023.8.18.
Retail distributors have expanded well, and networks such as 4s shops and small and medium-sized operators continue to expand. Looking ahead, there is a continuing trend towards increased profitability, new business channels, a steady growth of the main sector in terms of structural upgrading and deeper channels, as well as an increase in the domestic and foreign market contribution of new energy sources.
The system is improving - the company update, this fall and the system of channels are improving in 2023.