The Bulls Group (603195) light-work manufacturing, with robust income growth and excellent performance, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
In the first three quarters of 2023, the company realized a net profit of RMB 11.11 billion, or RMB 24.2 per cent, and in the first quarter of 2023, RMB 2023q3, or RMB 4.01 billion, or +10.4 per cent, for the second quarter; RMB 990 million, or +16.1 per cent, for the third quarter; and RMB 960 million, or less, for the third quarter, for the third quarter.
Over the reporting period, the overall Māori rate was 41.9% compared to +5 pp, and the single Q3 ratio was 44.7% compared to +5.7% compared to +5.7 pp.
In terms of cost rates, the total cost of the company was 13.6%, compared to +1.3 pp, sales fees, advertising and market promotion costs. Taken together, the net interest rate of the company was 24.2%.
As a follow-up to the outlook, the company’s productive excellence has continued to grow, its regulatory capacity has continued to improve, and its profitability is expected to remain high. The power connection business is basically resilient, and the lightless lights are growing faster.
New products, such as continuous turnover of new products connected to the business, orbital plugs and the upgrading of average prices while addressing consumer pain points, continued optimization of the product structure, yielding revenues of $3.68 billion from the 2023h1 company electrical connection business, an increase of 4.7 per cent; a faster growth in lighting operations in the third quarter, with 2023h1 company intelligence, is expected to continue.
The electric lighting industry has generated revenue of $3.77 billion, an increase of 15.5 per cent, of which the lightless light brand has been synchronized since the launch of the brand, product overlaps and web site upgrades have been synchronized, the branding of the lightless flagship shop has been upgraded, and it is expected to maintain a positive growth in brand-trailing and channel-driven lights.
• The new energy business is expected to continue to grow robustly, with a systematic deepening of overseas business layouts promisingly. In the first three quarters, the new energy business accelerated the development of channels, on the front line, with the market share of company charge-posts/barrelled gun products at the forefront of the industry; in the bottom line, the company accelerated the recruitment of distributors and operators, with a new energy business of 2023h1
In addition, the company’s forward exploration of overseas markets, such as Europe, began to build a marketing team, and as the sea strategy advanced, the Bulls Group (603195): a robust, new business.
The dollar is 25 times, 22 times, and 19 times. Maintains the “holding” rating. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or not for, the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.