Maintenance of double-digit growth in performance, traditional upgrading & new industries Bulls Group (603195)
The company released its third quarter report in 2023. During the reporting period, the company achieved $11,607 million in revenue, reduced the cost of raw materials and a marked increase in the Māori rate.
This is a decline in the same comparison; (2) the company has been fully engaged in intensive and integrated procurement, and has continued to raise supply, sales costs have increased, and the Māori rate has increased net interest rates. The company has made a firm push to raise the awareness of bulls and to expand the outreach of new products.
Traditional businesses continue to be upgraded and new business layouts expanded successfully. In traditional business, companies develop their traditional business mature, moat the city, and continue to pursue upgrading strategies. 1) Product structural upgrades for traditional niches, innovation in high-line cities, branding, and adaptation to the trend of market branding consumption.
The orbital plugs, the wings of the flutters, lead the industry to brightness. 2) Respond to consumer one-stop purchases, upgrade high-quality channels and achieve full access.
With regard to the new business, the new energy business is ranked at the top of the platform's sales list, accelerating the construction of the underline distribution channels, and by the end of June 2023, there were nearly 10,000 distributors and over 500 customers of small- and medium-b-end operators who had developed new energy shops, auto-dressing shops, etc.
The development of channels has advanced rapidly, and the rental plant in Huezhou is now fully operational. Investment proposal: companies continue to deepen the layout of their channels, with user needs at the core of their innovation products, and the traditional company rating of the company [Galaxy] _ Lightning Industries _ Bulls Group_q2 Performance Table
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.