Bulls Group (603195.sh) 3q performance highlights leadership, sustainable growth and growth
Dollars, 10.8 per cent increase in the same year; net return to mothers, 2.81 billion yuan increase in the same year, 19.1 per cent increase in the same year, of which 3q returns were +10.4 per cent to 4.01 billion yuan in the same year, 3q net gain/no return to the mother, 3q net gain growth was resilient and the new product was well expanded: it was difficult to operate in an external environment
1. " The Bulls Group Corporate Ratings: 2q ' s high profit performance, new business progression, and corporate 30 ' s overall income growth showed resilience. " 30 electricity connections, by branch of business. 2. " Deep exploration series II: What are the drivers of short-, medium- and long-term growth? - The Bulls Round.
With regard to wall-opening operations, with the contribution of new items such as thin switches, 30 revenue is still expected to be realized, 2022.12.31 The growth of nearly 10% is strong.
3q income growth is still robust, the profit ring is improving — the Bull Tri-Quarterly “Wighting” is beginning to make a contribution, with a high rate of growth in overall headlamps, rating 2022.10.28
In addition, lighting operations, other than headlights, are still expected to grow by about 20% over the same period. With regard to new energy operations, a rapid expansion of the sophisticated + Underline marketing network, based on a product matrix, is projected to be 200 million yuan in revenue for the first three quarters, with a further increase in the 30-percent income ring ratio.
In terms of cost and cost rates, the company’s 30-sales rate, the management cost rate, and the R&D cost rate, respectively, are at the stage of branding and channeling, mainly because the new brand has no headlights.
New products are in a fast-growing period, and the expansion of overseas markets is expected: companies, while the core is strong, continue to promote brand fashion, high-end, and channels.
At present, on the new energy business, online channels are already in the forefront of the charge gun/carpage category, below-line channels, professional distributors and small and medium-sized b operators are expanding rapidly.
It is hoped that the start-up will accelerate. Overall, the company’s new product categories are growing well and growing steadily, and since this year the company has increasingly focused on overseas business, with teams largely in place to follow up on overseas market contributions.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating b channels are not well expanded; new product categories are poorly expanded; raw material prices are significantly higher; and scavenging to access more services
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market