The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services views the cyclicality and growth of profit-making technologies with clear attributes: breaking industry cyclicality and growth with clear attributes. The copper industry as a whole has a stronger cycle.
So, as the second-largest copper-plating company in the world, the fr4-based layout makes it necessarily cyclical, but the cyclical nature of the company is largely reflected in the fluctuations in unit prices, and the continued expansion of the unit of Māori proves that the company is growing faster than cyclical.
A clear trend: The ability to pass through the cycle is self-evident without too much concern about price reduction. While companies will be affected by industrial cycle fluctuations, their strong ability to move through the cycle will allow companies to show such a trajectory in the cycle: 1) achieve price increases, prices and unit Maori will be able to achieve significant increases.
At the end of the cycle, the unit of Māori quickly recovered after short periods of pressure and the future profit anchors were able to move out of their continued existence.
In order not to worry too much about the company’s future profitability, the company is able to build on its ability to grow through the cycle, and to re-enhance its profitability after a short period of pressure. Clear growth core: a sustained break-up + internalized upgrading model helps grow.
The core value is its “continuing breakthrough internalization” mode of operation, which is through continuous technology research and development.
5. "Assumption of the hydrocarbon proposal, forward-looking and profitable elastic contributions of companies, rolling up of several new product lines, eventually ironing out corporate corporate profitability, executive-benefit technology event reviews " ,
In this operating framework, the firm’s steady-state roe continues to move towards higher levels, as can be seen in the company’s high-growth value. It can be expected that the company’s high-frequency high-speed products, hdied products, and enveloped board products will continue to contribute to long-term performance elasticity, while the company will continue to do so through the company’s high-frequency high-speed products.
Grouping management enhances the profitability of affiliates to internalize existing products, and the path of “continuing breakthroughs and internalization upgrading” is clear, and future growth is expected to become even more visible.
We believe that corporate growth attributes are greater than cyclical properties, and we expect that corporate net return profits in 2021-2023 will reach $2.66 billion, taking into account that future high-frequency high-speed, hdi (miniled) and enveloped base-plate products will continue to deliver long-term performance elasticity, group management will continue and internalization will continue.
Liu Yeon Shen luyanxue@gjzg.com.cn The price transfer of raw materials is blocked; demand is not as high as expected; new products are not as much as expected.
Clear view: The cyclical factor does not have to worry too much, the growth attributes will be re-established The profit technology, as the global flagship copper-plate manufacturer, fully enjoyed the profits of the capped price increase cycle in 2021 and, in terms of performance, the performance of 21q1 and 21q2 grew at a high rate compared to the same and the ring.
Long-term performance partly reflects the company’s gains in price hikes. Despite high growth in corporate performance, markets have doubts about the growth of companies, on the one hand, fearing that companies will move down the cycle after the cycle, and, on the other hand, that they will think that the company’s high-end product pushes.
In response to this, we believe that (1) the price of the plate is cyclical, but corporate profits show strong growth; (2) the new product will roll down the path of “Technology Break and Market Break and Cost Optimization”
Therefore, our view is that, for profit-generating technology, down-cycles have limited profitability to companies and do not have to worry too much about the impact of price increase cycles on corporate profitability; and that, while the high-end nature of the company ' s current layout makes it difficult to demonstrate elasticity in its current performance, the company ' s active high-end products make them available every year.
To enjoy the growth that product structure upgrades bring. 1, Clarified attributes: break industry cyclicality, clear growth properties 1.1, industry has a longer cycle than growth.
With 74 per cent of the main business of Guangdong Scientology Inc. (hereinafter referred to as the company) coming from the copper sheet product and 24 per cent from the pcb product, it can be concluded that the company's performance is mainly influenced by the development of the copper sheet business, and the logic of the growth of the company's copper sheet business will be discussed in this paper.
The copper board industry has both cycles and growth properties. 74% of the company’s operating income comes from the copper board product (coppercladlaminate, ccl) and it can be said that the company’s trajectory depends mainly on the copper board business.
In terms of trends over the 15 years, the value of the copper sheet industry has fluctuated upwards, i.e. cyclical growth is greater than growth in the copper board sector. Depending on the type, it can be divided into cardboards and composites.
Sheets, fr4 (including general fr4, high tgfr4 and non-halogen-free fr4), special base materials (including high frequency, high-speed and encapsulation base plates), annual rate of increase, production ratio and annual increase in the copper sheet industry 1) paperboards \complex base plate \fr4 panels are mainly cyclical and special base materials are dynamic.
The high tgfr4 product, which fluctuates at the same rate every year, is non-halogen-free.
cyclically, the special base material is mainly growing. 2) The share of cyclical products is larger. According to the ccla data, the total output of the cyclical type of panels is 68%, while the special base material production, representing growth, is 32%.
The share of cyclical products is greater than the share of more growing products. 3) The copper board sector is more procyclical than growth. Since the market for cyclical products is larger than growth products, the copperboard industry presents more cyclical attributes than growth, increasing from the industry as a whole and from the point of view.
A quick comparison also shows that the copperboard sector as a whole is growing at a time when some of the growing products have grown significantly in some years, thus showing that overall growth in the copperboard sector is more cyclical than growth.
1.2. Periodicity is only a staged disturbance, and growth properties are very clear. According to the foregoing, we observe the overall cyclicality of the copper-plate industry through the speed of fragmentation of the various types of panels, and the growth of the industry, does the company also have a strong cyclical growth rate, as does the industry?
1. Periodicity: Companies based on fr4 products, necessarily cyclical. Companies start from basic products such as fr4 layouts, ploughboards, and continue to expand the scale of basic products, with active layout of high-end products (special base products), eventually becoming the second largest copper-plate manufacturer in the world.
It can be seen that most of the company’s products are still fr4-based, and that research into special bases for high growth based on the industrial chain is still relatively small in terms of the company’s income ratio, considering that the company’s operations have become the second largest company in the world and that it is difficult to expand rapidly again.
This means that companies are still vulnerable to cyclical properties, and, as can be seen from the evolution of unit prices over the years, companies are bound to experience cyclical fluctuations. The absolute reference to data is poor, but the trend is a clear indication of price trends for technology-friendly products.
The boom in prices in the field, which led to a significant but post-bust growth in average prices, saw a cyclical downward trend in unit prices in the past 2018-2020, which could indeed have disturbed average prices in the industry; it is worth noting, however, that after three years of adjustment time,
Although the unit price of a company declined from its 2017 high, the average price remained at figure 11 until 2020: The move in unit price (m2/m2) is a change that can clearly reveal price trends for productive science and technology products, and this is a reference.
3) Growth > Periodicity: The growth trends are clear. The movement in unit prices reflects both the cyclical and the growth properties of the company, but the trend in unit Māori and Māori rates can be seen from the point of view that the profitability of the company is not affected by a larger industry cycle, that growth performance is clear, and that it is based on us.
Statistically, the 10-year and 15-year compound increase in corporate parent profits has remained at 40% of the top e-corps, suggesting that corporate growth attributes are greater than cyclical properties. Figure 12: Māori trends in profit technology units ($/m2)
Consistency can lead to poor reference in absolute terms, but the trend is a clear indication of the trend in profit-producing technology units, and this is a reference. In summary, we believe that companies, as the second largest copper-plating company in the world, are structured on the basis of the type of cycle.
There must be a certain cyclicality, but the impact of the industry cycle on the company is more evident in the typologies of unit prices, the fact that the growth of the company's unit price, the Māori unit and the Māori rate have shown clear growth, which is why we believe that the growth attributes of the company are greater than the cyclical properties to enable it to travel through the cycle.
Clear trend: The ability to pass through the cycle without too much fear of price reduction is self-evident: 2.1, the price premium has been realized, the supply-demand ratio has been reduced in the second half of the year.
Price surges, as can be seen from the net profits of 21q1 of several of the continent’s copper-plating manufacturers and the expected performance of some of the producers of 21q2 suggest that the copper-plating boom has generated a rich return on profits for the major copper-plate producers.
The current price of some materials has eased and the prices of raw materials are expected to go down the road in the second half of the year; on the demand side, judging by consumption and inventory demand, we believe that demand will grow from the first half of the year, that raw materials and demand will be associated with the second half of the year, and we believe that the tension between supply and demand will be eased.
As the supply-demand relationship eases, markets start to fear that the profits of the cappulators will be affected by the down-cycle, which leads to less than expected performance. With this concern, we believe that, as noted earlier, the whole copper-plate industry is more pro-cyclical than growth, so the whole industry will be hit at the down-cycle; but it's not for profit.
Technically, we do not think that there is much to worry about, because growth in the inner attributes of a company is greater than cyclical, which means it has the capacity to go through cycles and reverse growth. In response to this conclusion, we will look at how companies will go through cycles from a historical perspective.
2.2. Duplicate: with a strong ability to cross the cycle without too much concern about the profitability of the post-cycle cycle 1: the price increase for raw materials lasts for one year. The opening of each price increase comes from a large upturn in raw material prices, including the previous cycle.
As the price of raw materials rises, and the price of the three raw materials rises, we have determined that the last round of price increases will be concentrated in the cyclical period ii: a full-year premium in the price increases. As the price of the raw materials rises, the coins are booming, and the average global unit price of the coin is in 2017 and 2018.
Increases of 9% and 2%, respectively, and trends in unit prices, unit Māori and Māori rates for mainstream copper platers 1 show that during the 16H2-17h2 period, mainstream copper platers experienced price premiums, profitability Chart 19: Average unit price movements for mainstream copper platers (in yuan/m2)
Sex, semi-annual averages include only grass-roots panels and profit technology; (3) average trends reflect the integration of major copper plate manufacturers, but some may be weaker than average.
The cycle iii: Post-cycle technology shows its growth attributes. In price premiums, both copper-plate producers can earn their cycle profits, but only if price and profit stability is maintained after the cycle has passed can they truly cross the cycle. We believe that, from four key points of view, the technology of profit, i.e., the technology of profit, can actually do so.
Circumsistence, but ultimately growth through the cycle: 1) Price trends: cyclicality manifests itself mainly in prices, both firms and peers, showing the operating pattern of “price-up cycles with falling prices at the end of the cycle” and cyclical disturbance of prices.
2) Price anchors: Post-cycle prices are bound to go down, but the ability to pass through the cycle can make prices rigid. The trend in prices over the entire cycle of profit technology, slabs, Kim's time, and China's new life shows that post-profit prices have declined but stabilized before the cycle.
The price level, i.e. price anchors, has increased markedly, while the price anchors of the build-up floors have risen less, and the price anchors of Kim Ang-Chung-Chung-chung and Hua have largely returned to pre-cycle levels, thus showing that the price of the technology for profit is much more rigid, that is to say, its ability to pass through the cycle is much stronger.
3) Profit trends: The move in one unit is more reflective of the ability of a copper-boarder to regulate during a cycle than the ability of a copper-boarder to respond to a cyclical shock. As can be seen from the move in one of the four copper-plate producers, the profit technology is the only one that can make a profit by quickly adjusting a profit after a cycle.
Companies that continue to move up at the same level can be seen as having a much higher ability to travel through cycles than other manufacturers. (4) Profit anchors: The profitability of companies with strong cyclicality quickly returns to its original place after the cycle, but in the light of the changes in profit anchors of major copper-plating manufacturers, the profit technology unit has gradually increased after the cycle, the most important being Māori.
Post-stabilization is well above pre-cycle profit levels, and the tile-plating unit Māori is eventually stabilized above pre-price increase levels, but the increase in profit anchors relative to pre-cycle rises is not significant.
The profitability of other producers is more difficult to cope with cyclical fluctuations, and the cycle is only short for profit technology Figure 22: Annual unit price movement for profit technology ($/m2) Figure 23: Annual trend for profit technology units ($/m2)
The law is not disturbed by the new cycle, and the semi-annual data nodes are taken only to 2020h1, later. Figure 24: Biannual trend in unit prices for technology for profit (m2) Figure 25: Bi-annual trend in Māori units for technology for profit (m2)
Figure 26: Annual unit price trends for the build-up of the slab (m2) Figure 27: annual Māori unit trends for the build-slab (m2) Figure 28: semi-annual unit price trends for the build-up of the slab (m2)
Figure 30: Progress in unit prices ($/m2) for the fiscal year of Kim An ($/m2) Figure 31: Progress in the annual unit of Kim An ($/m2) Figure 32: Annual move in unit prices ($/m2)
Taken together, we believe that, given the price trends, price anchor movements, profit trends and profit anchor movements in a full cycle, the ability of technology to travel through the cycle is higher than that of other producers, that is to say, its growth attributes can hit the impact of swing cycle fluctuations.
As we can see from the historical reprogramming, the company, as a global copper-copper leader, although subject to industry cycle fluctuations, has a strong cyclical capability, which allows the company to show a trajectories in the cycle in which the price of the product and the price of the product are temporarily higher in the first cycle.
The unit Māori will be able to achieve a significant increase; the company's unit price will continue to fall after the end of the cycle, but the unit Māori will recover rapidly after short periods of pressure; and finally, the unit Māori will continue to rise after the cycle, although the unit price will remain volatile.
After achieving a higher profit from the price premium, product prices are bound to fall when the industry is expected to decline somewhat in the second half of the year, but we do not think that we need to worry too much about the future profitability of technology, and that the company can build on its ability to grow through the cycle and sustain its profitability after a short period of pressure.
3. Clear Core for Growth: Continuous Break + Internalized Upgrading Mode for Growth 3.1 Sustained Break + Internalized Upgradation Model is the Growing Core The company ' s ability to move through the cycle is key to its steady growth in the development of its copper ceiling business and is at its core
So why can companies grow beyond their peers? We believe that the long-forming architecture of companies can be summarized as a rolling upward model of “continuing breakthroughs and internalization”, as can be seen in table 1) Continuing breakthroughs: sustaining high-end research and development to upgrade products.
The structure can see that high-end special products produce only 32% of the value, compared to 12% a decade ago, so the pre-positioning of high-end products in the copper sheet industry may encounter limited income contributions and high R & D and customer requirements, which are difficult to sustain without strategic commitment.
The copper-plate industry has been growing ever since, in addition to its rapid expansion in scale and with its strong operational resolve, as can be seen from its 2004 collaboration with Mitsubishi Gas (Japan manufacturer), its 2017 evolution with China (Japan manufacturer), its 2017 collaboration with lig chemistry, etc., and its research and development input.
From this point on, the company has not only broken the technical barriers to high-end products such as high-frequency, high-speed, enveloped, flexible materials, and continuously upgraded the performance of the fr4 products, but also, to varying degrees, upgraded products have been imported into the market, leading to the completion of the Technology Breakout.
Figure 38: The ratio of R & D inputs to revenues 2) Internalization upgrades: the product structure rolls up and costs are continuously optimized. The technology and market surges of upgraded products are reflected in the fact that corporate unit prices and profits are not a one-time event, actually in the "technology breaks through the market."
After the breakthrough, there is a process of internalization, such as “municipal increase and cost optimization”, in which companies, for example, have actually developed high-frequency high-speed products since 2012, while the product has been promoted significantly since 2019, and it can be deduced from the change in unit prices that high-frequency high-speed products in 2019 have not yet been produced.
There are significant benefits for companies, and elasticity in the contribution of high-frequency high-speed products is expected to become apparent in the future. Thus, it can be seen that the process of individual products from break-through to completion of internalization has a long time horizon, which is key to preventing the elasticity of the product upgrade of the copper-plate manufacturer and creating a cyclicality of the copper-plate.
In order to equalize the long life cycle of a single product, the company continues to grow through continuous research and development of a variety of optimized products and continuously optimizes the cost of new products as they penetrate into the market, resulting in parallel growth of various “technology breakthroughs, market breakthroughs, city-level rises, cost optimization” operating models.
In summary, we believe that the core value of a company's guaranteed growth lies in its “continuing breakthrough in internalizing upgrading” product layout framework, whereby new products are introduced through sustained technological R & D and market openings, and then adopted.
In the framework of a continuous expansion of product customers and cost re-stimulation to make a profit elastic contribution, multiple new lines of product rolling up and eventually ironing corporate profitability, corporate assets are gradually increasing, mainly as stable roe progresses to higher levels, as can be seen from the company's performance.
Figure 42: Logical chart of the growth of “continuing breakthroughs and internalization upgrades” of biotech 3.2, HFhdi\board break-ups, optimising sustained push for multiple types of high-end product breakthroughs at the right time.
From corporate R & D, to market opening, we can look forward to a continued increase in high-frequency high-speed national production, including but not limited to 1) and open space for future applications. The company’s high-frequency high-speed products have continued to be developed for almost 10 years, achieving rapid market breakthroughs in 2019 in the context of national production substitution.
The year 2020 has also been a year of sustained growth, with companies having achieved a significant increase in their market share in the world’s special base areas as a result of the rapid expansion of high-frequency high-speed markets, and future national production replacements still available. According to market demand, high-frequency high-speed products will remain open in future demand spaces, with high-frequency products in automobile radars.
The application will be opened, the company will be active in the millimetre wave radar layout, and it is expected to become the main market provider for the segment; the high-speed product will be further opened as the server platform is upgraded.
Figure 48: Servers grow logic with ccl Chart 47: Biotech is active in millimetre-wave radar high-frequency products 2) hdi increases energy and miniled is active. The company ' s hdi-related products are also active since 2012
Focused on R & D, which has also been under cultivation for many years, and is expected to start pushing towards the market this year, with the miniliced group having entered the main supply chain of major international customers, with the hope that by now it will be clear) there are good opportunities to replace the national production of loading boards and expand production to meet high-end challenges. The seals are copper-plating products.
Highest-level products, which used to be largely monopolized by Japanese and Korean producers, have also become the focus of the country ' s accelerated layout as the semi-carrier chain of national production has accelerated. Companies have expanded their loading boards since 2014 and have now formed a number of product lines.
Existing products continue to be internalized and cost-enhancing. In line with the company’s growth framework, the process of internalization of the penetration and cost optimization of new products is also active, in addition to the continued promotion of high-end new product R & D and market openings.
Business priorities advanced. From corporate disclosures, we can see that the net interest rates of subsidiaries across the company are about 10 points lower than those of Guangdong's profit-parents, and that there are inconsistent internalizations of products within the company's different business entities, including the large differences in product structure, customer management and management of raw materials.
So, from the second half of 2020, the company began to promote corporate grouping and to improve the profitability of its subsidiaries by improving the group sales and group purchasing models, which, taken together, will boost the company’s performance in the short and medium term, we believe that the growth value of the company lies mainly in the company’s continuous breakthrough and internalization of the upgrading model.
And looking to the future, it can be seen that the company's products in high-frequency high-speed, hdi, enveloped baseboards, etc., are already active and are expected to lead the country through high-end copper-plating products; in addition, the company has been active in upgrading the penetration and cost optimization of high-end products, eventually increasing its growth attributes and cyclical performance.
Based on the above logic, we predict the profitability of the company: 1)ccl+pp business sales assume that the company did not expand in 2021, but in the same year, 2021.
The capacity utilization rate is higher than in 2020 (with outbreak interference in 2020), so we expect to reach 12,279 million square metres, 12,971 million square metres, and 1,916,000 square metres by 2021.) ccl+pp operational unit price assumption: a large increase in the profit price of copper caps in 2021, based on research on the industrial chain.
The average price increase of 21H1 is 30%, and given the fall in prices in the second half of the year, we have reason to assume that the 2021 parity unit anchor will stabilize at a level higher than it was before the price increase cycle, and taking into account the company ' s high-frequency high-speed output 3) the profit-making electronic profit contribution assumption: we report ahead of us on "By electronics: telecommunications pcb dragons " .
The trend in profit from the production of electronics is broken down in detail in the metamorphous layout, Demand Uplifting Opportunities. This paper, billions, $342 million and $541 million.) Other business profit contribution assumptions: assuming other business profit contributions are stable, we expect others.
The value is still relatively low than that of the manufacturer, and we think that the growing attributes of the company are more progressive, and longer, and according to our analysis, we think that the company can shift the cost pressure to its customers in the price-raising cycle through a price premium, and at the same time it can derive excess gains from it, and we eventually conclude that even demand in the second half of the year.
Under pressure, companies can also stabilize a unit at a high level; but if the company’s cost transfer process is blocked, it may have a greater impact on the company’s profitability, which ultimately results in less than expected performance. The entire copper board industry is now in a high-smoking phase, and forward orders can be better protected.
But if the downside pressure on demand in the second half of the year leads to insufficient follow-up orders, the impact on the company’s productivity rate will eventually lead to less than expected performance. Based on the foregoing, we believe that the reason why companies can achieve high growth is because they can achieve breakthrough + internalization
The key point in this mode of operation is that the new product will be able to make a sustained breakthrough; if the new product is not released as much as expected, it will have a negative impact on the growth of the company and, ultimately, lead to underperformance.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment