Southwest Securities Research and Development Center recommended logic: the global tap of the company ' s photovoltaic film is solid, with market share one since 2013
Directly stable at around 50%. The company’s photo-voltaic film operations will benefit simultaneously in the coming years: (i) the opening of the photo-voltaic flat-price era, the growth of the new loaders has been stable and the sector’s cash flow has improved; and (ii) double-faced components have a penetration rate of 1,051.2 million square metres. At the same time, the company actively expands other membrane products horizontally, and is expected to become a platform in the future.
The luminous overseas market has brought about a two-fold improvement in volume and structure: after 18 years of New Deal 5-31, the price of products from the PV chain has fallen rapidly, with an average decline of around 25%, with electricity costs falling by 10-15%.
The value of photovoltaics in many countries and regions is highlighted by the fact that, on the one hand, overseas reserve projects are starting ahead of schedule, while, on the other hand, photovoltaic power is more competitive and has a positive impact on medium- and long-term energy restructuring. In 2018, 59gw was installed overseas, a 25% increase compared to the same year, accounting for 60% of global photovoltaics.
At the same time, the concentration of export markets for photovoltaic components continues to decline, from 67.1% in 17 years to 53% in 18 years. The “decentization” and “floating” situations, mainly in South America, the Middle East and North Africa, continue to develop.
The cost advantage of the company ' s photo-voltaic film is clear, with dual-faced components driving the product ' s structural upgrading: by the end of 2018, three domestic firms, Foster, Sweck and Sea Yu Yu, had achieved 49.4 per cent, 11.4 per cent, 8.2 per cent, respectively, in the global market for e-film.
Large, there are scale effects in raw materials procurement, cost control, etc., which makes the company's Māori ratio superior to the industry level. We expect that the structure of the company's products will continue to improve as large-scale applications of the two-bond component in the future, and that the high-value white eva film and poe film sales will increase, thus pushing the public out.
• An orderly advance of the symmetrical membrane and a large room for import substitution: the symmetrical membrane as a material upstream of pcb, due to high technology content, high equipment investment, high market barriers and large scale effects, high industrial concentration, long-spill chemistry, ostriching, solarization into three manufacturers, which account for more than 80 per cent of the global market share, is far below our self-sufficiency rate
10%. The ISD is now a new material that is the company’s main development, with a sustained high growth in the volume of goods delivered, with only 1.59 million square metres sold in 2017, an increase of 386.4% to 7.75 million square metres in 2018 and 6 million square metres in 2019. As the company’s ISD project moves towards production in 2020, it is expected that it will become operational.
By 2020, the company will have achieved 200 million square metres of sensibilized dry membrane production capacity, with a new variety of membrane income and profit ratio, removed from the market space of a single downstream industry, covered for the first time, benefited from the development of the photovoltaic sector 1 and secureed the status of the eva membrane tap.
Forster Applications Ltd., Hangzhou (hereinafter “the company”) was established in 2003 and formerly the Furstrome Melting Films Ltd., Hangzhou, which operates primarily for the development, production and sale of new materials such as luminous envelopes and luminous dehydrated films, such as eva film and backboards. Since the development and launch of eva film in 2004, the company has continued to improve technology and expand its capacity.
In 2018, the company produced 580 million square metres of film, with a market share of nearly 50%, and a strong industry leader. In the context of the rapid growth of the photovoltaic industry in recent years, the company’s performance continued to grow.
h1. The company achieved operating income of $2.98 billion, an increase of 36.1% over the same year; historically, net profits of the company were somewhat volatile as a result of rising raw materials prices and changes in the prices of products sold. In 2019, h1, the company achieved a net profit of $300 million, an increase of 56.7% over the same period.
A gradual increase in the share of product sales will lead to a steady recovery in the company’s Māori ratio, which will lead to higher corporate revenue and profits. The Māori rate has stabilized, and we believe that the future Māori ratio will show a steady and steady upward trend: (1) the company’s gross entrants are currently unattractive, and there is no room for inherent firms to play price wars; and (2) the high Māori rates of whiteeva and poe are high.
Corporate asset and liability rates have been at a very low level: the company has been using “sound business” as a business strategy, so that it has been able to remain firmly at the centre of the film in the more volatile and less cash-flowed photovoltaic industry, with the company's asset and liability ratios being essentially below 15 per cent and 19H1 asset and liability at 13.7 per cent.
2 elastic operations are growing steadily, new products are about to grow in volume, the photovoltaic sector is growing steadily, the demand for film is impressive, the photovoltaic sector is gaining momentum over the long term: photovoltaic power generation has less geographical limitations, electricity generation time is stable, safe and reliable,
By the end of 2018, the world’s photovoltaic build-up capacity had reached 510gw. The number of new loadings in the PV year had increased from 2.9gw in 2007 to 103gw in 2018, and the size of the loading had increased almost 35 times.
In 2018, Australia, Mexico, Turkey, the Netherlands, and a non-traditional majority of light-voltage units showed that new countries were emerging, and that the global installation of light-voltage machines was beginning to flourish. New Deal 531, which contained domestic loading, continued to operate abroad: in order to reduce the pressure on fiscal subsidies, it led to light-voltage.
The industrial sector has developed in an orderly manner, and the DARC, the Ministry of Finance, and the Energy Agency jointly issued a circular on matters related to photovoltaic power generation in 2018 on 31 May 2018, which introduced new regulations and requirements for the photovoltaic sector in terms of size, subsidies, market-based competition, etc. Under the New Deal, the capacity of our new installed capacity of 34.5gw was reduced by 19.7% in the first three quarters of 2018.
Three quarters of the increase in the installation of 8.7gw, a 53 per cent decline in the same year, and the demand for domestic loading has been significantly reduced. 18 years of sharp decline in industrial chain prices have stimulated overseas demand: after 18 years of New Deal 5-31, the price of the photovoltaic industry chain has fallen rapidly, with an average decline of around 25 per cent, with electricity costs falling by 10-15 per cent, leaving the light immersion in many countries.
Domestic and regional value ratios highlight the fact that, on the one hand, overseas reserve projects are starting ahead of schedule, and on the other hand, photovoltaic power is more competitive and has a positive effect on medium- and long-term energy restructuring. The increase in offshore installed machines in 2018 was 59gw, a 25% increase compared to the previous year, accounting for 60% of global photovoltaics, and the importance of overseas markets has increased.
There have been positive changes in the total volume and structure of overseas markets: exports have been on an accelerated trend since the second half of 2017, while data on component exports have fluctuated from 14 to 16 years, but there has been a marked increase in component exports since 17, and, as a result of 18 years of sharp price declines in the industrial chain, foreign demand has been stimulated and component exports of 39.2gw have been achieved in 18 years, an increase of 51.9 per cent over the same period.
At the same time, the concentration of the export markets for photovoltaic components has continued to decline, ranging from 67.1% in 17 years to 53% in 18 years. The “decentization” and “floating” situations, mainly in South America, the Middle East, and North Africa, continue to develop.
The continued development of the photovoltage industry has led to the growth of the eva film: the eva film is a necessary material for photovoltaic encapsulation. It is obtained by the ethylene- acetic ethylene condensate (eva) by smelting processes such as salivation, voltage and so forth. The main roles include: structural support for solar-capable battery circuit equipment, maximum photo-coupling for batteries and solar radiation, physical isolation of batteries, and
Lines, heat generated by conductive battery fragments, etc. The elastic properties are essential to the mass of the components: the cells are vulnerable to failure once the film, the backboard and the turtles of the cells begin to yellowen, given the irreversible nature of the containment process of the PV cells and the operational life of the cell assemblies for more than 25 years.
Waste, so while the absolute value of film materials such as eva film, backboards, etc. is not high (about 60% of the production cost of crystal silicon battery assemblies is about 60% of the cost of batteries and about 8-9% of the cost of eva film, backboards), it is the current 10 billion market space for photo-voltaic film that determines the product quality and life of the photo-voltaic components, which will grow steadily with the lumber-loader: 60 units per battery.
The market space for global loading of 120gw annually is about 10 billion. Global loading of 140gw is expected to be about 11.7 billion by 2020 and will continue to expand as the global installation stabilizes. 2.2 Acquires the market, with a clear competitive advantage.
Production capacity continues to expand, with the city taking the lead in the industry: until the company was scaled up to produce eva film, the international market, including China, had been monopolized by Singbang, Sani chemistry, Priston, and Etimex, with a combined market share of more than 60%. And, thanks to the rapid growth of the domestic light market in recent years, the company-represented domestic eva film producing enterprises.
As of the end of 2018, three domestic firms, Foster, Sweck, and Sea Juventue, held 49.4%, 11.4%, and 8.2% of the global market for elastic film, respectively, and have formed a competitively monopolistic market pattern.
The Māori rate is under short-term pressure, but it is still in the forefront of the industry: the eva resin is the main raw material for the production of the eva film, accounting for over 80% of the overall production cost. Since the third quarter of 2017, it has been affected by factors such as the tight supply of the eva resin and the devaluation of the RMB exchange rate. The increase in the prices of corporate eva resin purchases has led to an annual increase in production costs and short-term pressure on the Māori rate.
By comparison with industry, the large scale of the company ' s production and the role of regulation in raw materials procurement, cost control, etc., make the company ' s Māori ratio superior to that of the industry. We expect that the company ' s product structure will continue to improve with the large scale of future applications of the two-bond components, and the high value of the white eva and Poe film sales will increase, resulting in an increase in the ratio of sales to the industry.
Business capability indicators are better than industry averages: the corporate history of accounts receivable turnover is better than industry averages ... and there is an upward trend year after year, indicating good credit risk management capacity in companies, with the corporate accounts receivable turnover rate in 2018
To be significantly higher than their counterparts in the industry, and to benefit from good operational management capacity, companies also performed well in their cash-flow indicators, with a consistently higher yield ratio than PIP 2.3, which boosts product upgrading, with a high-end market outlook
As the high-efficiency component technology in the photovoltaic industry matures, there is growing demand for new, more functional film products, whiteeva and poe film, and market prospects for new film products with higher value added and potential than conventional ones. Companies now have the best product structure in the industry, capable of simultaneously producing average eva film, white eva film, poe
A variety of products, such as film, can meet the industry’s differentiated needs. (For more details see Schedule 2) Whiteeva improves the efficiency of components: For binary components, the assembly plant uses the white eva film as a lower layer encapsulation material in order to avoid the loss of power efficiency due to the leakage of inter-cell cells.
In the two-bond component, the use of whiteeva to replace transparenteva with a power gain of 7-10w per component; and in the single component, the use of whiteeva to replace transparenteva with a power gain of 7-10w, is effective by changing the light-line reflective path that allows solar light to re-eject to reach the surface of the battery.
White eva membranes add 1-3w. Poe membrane improves the reliability of the components: two-sided batteries are now commonly used with unique laser pit openings and back passivation techniques, and when traditional eva membranes are used, they lead to a severe pit phenomenon because of their weak water-smoking resistance.
eva is susceptible to acetic acid in the process of degradation of water vapour ageing, while the back of a double-sided battery is a thin aluminium line that is more susceptible to acid corrosion than the aluminium back of a conventional battery, leading to a significant loss in the power of the assembly. Poe film, compared to the traditional eeva film, has an excellent water vapour barrier that enhances the resistance of the component, improves the reliability of the component, which is the current double-bone group.
Figure 23: White eva membrane improves the efficiency of the components Rapid growth of the two-faced components and increases the demand for high-end products: as the photovoltaic industry enters full competition and parity,
The value orientation of PV investments has evolved from a “single price”-oriented to a “deep power cost”-oriented approach, and PV investments will place greater emphasis on the conversion efficiency, reliability, and decay rates of components for the full life cycle of power generation indicators. As a result, high-efficiency components, represented by “double-faced components”, are increasingly favoured by the market.
The rise is more pronounced, and as the penetration rate of the two-faced components increases, the demand for whiteeva and poe will be significantly boosted. (Details are provided for issuing a debt-transferable booster capacity, expanding the lead: in October 2018, the company announced its intention to issue a transferable debt collection fund for the whiteeva film, the poe film, the photo-dry film project, thereby consolidating the company’s market niche.)
In the first half of June 2019, the Whiteeva and Poe accounted for about 26 per cent of the company's total output, an increase of 6 percentage points over the 18-year 20 per cent ratio, and we expect domestic demand to continue with the second half of the year, owing to the higher acceptance of dual-sided components in the domestic market.
We believe that good corporate capital structures and adequate funding will provide a solid basis for the successful advancement of the expansion programs, thus expanding the company’s leadership within the industry.
In 2015, the company set up a strategic development objective, “A light-based master industry, vigorously developing other new material industries”, and launched a project to develop new materials, such as luminous diaphragms, aluminium plastics and fccl. The company’s new material business is now well under way.
The membrane project has entered the production phase and is expected to provide new growth points for companies in the future, which are expected to grow into a platform-based company with “photovolveva” as its core product, horizontally expanding multiple membrane varieties, opening up market value to grow by 3.1 photorestrictions in an orderly manner, and large import substitution space.
With 10,000 square metres, an increase of 386.4 to 7.75 million square metres in 2018 and a sales increase of over 6 million square metres in 2019, the company is expected to achieve 200 million square metres of dry membrane production capacity by 2020, with a further increase in the revenue and profit share of the membrane.
The application landscape is extensive and the demand for the dry membrane is stable: pcb (printing circuit boards) is a bridge that carries electronic components and connects them to circuits, as the “mother of electronics” and is widely applied in the fields of telecommunications, consumer electronics, computers, motors, industrial controls, medical devices, defence and aerospace, and is an indispensable element of electronics in modern electronic information products.
The use of photo-dry membrane as a key material for the graphic transfer of the pcb/fcb industry circuit board will also become more widespread as the printed circuit board industry moves towards high density, high integration, softness, etc. The automobile electronics, telecommunications electronic pull-up pcb industry continues to grow: in recent years, the global new energy vehicle has developed at a rapid rate.
Sales jumped from 523,000 in 2015 to 2,018,000 in 2018, with an average annual composite growth rate of 56.8 per cent, and the demand for pcb increased significantly in new energy vehicles as compared to the passing of integrated vehicles, owing to their unique power systems. Electronic devices cost about 25 per cent of the passing of high-level cars and 45-65 per cent of the new energy vehicles, resulting in a ratio of new energy vehicles to new ones.
With respect to telecommunications, the proximity of 5g commerce will pull the pcb industry up. The pcb should be used mainly in the area of communications, using equipment such as wireless networks, transmission networks, data communications and fixed broadband, in combination with the deployment of the Ministry of Technology and the active deployment of operators.
In 2019, the construction of a 5g network base station is expected to take place officially throughout the country. (For details, see schedule 4) Low self-sufficiency and large import substitution space: mainland China is the world’s largest producer of pcb, but due to technical constraints, the pcb industry’s key supporting materials are still largely foreign monopoly, and domestic production has not yet been fully realized.
Photo-dry membrane plants include, among others, China’s long-spring chemistry, Japan’s Xinization, Japan’s Yin-spring, Taiwan’s long-spring chemical industry, the United States of America’s Du Bong, Korea’s kolon, and others. The photo-dry film used as a material upstream of pcb has a high technical content, high equipment investment, high market walls, high scale effects, high industrial concentration, long-spring chemistry, Xuing, and three manufacturers in Japan have taken over the global market.
With the exception of our Taiwan-based enterprises, businesses on the mainland have taken a late start in the field of dry membrane luminous emulsions, and only a small number of companies, such as Lake Nam Hung Shwe New Materials Ltd., Shenzhen Hyemya Technology Ltd. and Joohai Power Science and Technology Optics Ltd., are now launching their products, but the self-sufficiency rate is well below 10 per cent.
Aluminium plastic membrane and fccl membrane are steadily advancing Aluminium plastic film operations are steadily yielding and successfully importing 3c customers. A company ' s aluminium plastic membrane product was successfully produced in 2019 h1 and sold to 400,000 m2+.
The fccl membrane is being tested for the development of new products, the process and equipment have been continuously improved based on test feedback, and the product performance has been significantly enhanced, providing a good basis for the next step in volume production.
49 per cent, 52 per cent, 53 per cent, corresponding to volume of shipments of 72.912 million square metres, 9.02 million square metres, 10.0152 million square metres Scenario 2: assuming steady growth in global photovolts in 2019-2021, with global market share of corporate backboards of 7 per cent, 8 per cent and 10 per cent, corresponding to volume of shipments of 58.8 million square metres, 78.4 million square metres and 112 million square metres, respectively
19x. The company is the absolute head of the photovoltaic film, while actively expanding the new membrane varieties horizontally, moving away from the confines of a single downstream industry market, covering it for the first time, giving an “uptake” rating.
Schedule 4: pcb ' s primary application in the field of communications does not, and will not, receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.