Center for Resource and Environmental Research Forst (603806.sh) Increase (first rating) Photovoltaic film global tap, high Māori rate for new product release
Global photovoltaic film taps have a strong advantage. The company now has a capacity of 600-70 million square metres to supply about 60gw components, with a global market share of about 50% for three consecutive years, which will expand to 900 million square metres in 2021, with a strong industry leader.
High-value-added products, such as film, enhance medium-term profitability and extend their applications to electronics such as luminous membrane, which will help companies to upgrade from a photovoltage-coated film tap to a supplier of new electronic materials. Photovolt machine lifts up to ensure increased demand for film, and white eva and poe release increases profitability:
Domestic photovoltaics are starting to grow in the season, and global demand will continue to grow faster next year, and there will be plenty of room for price parity. The domestic bidding for equipment has accelerated in August, and the market is starting in September, when the first parity projects will be heavily connected next year, supporting the growth of domestic installed machines next year and the high cost of photovoltaics overseas.
The situation continues to expand, and the demand to release the acceleration is rising. It is expected that 2h2019 additional global loader 70gw will be installed year round  double-sided/double-bob trend to pull whiteeva and poe film demand. Compared to the traditional eva film, the poe film is much better able to help the double-sided perc battery to counter the loss of pid, perc double-bond components.
The increase in penetration will lead to high structural growth in the demand for the poe film, which will be measured at 70-100% in the next three years. The white eva film will have little impact on the cost of components by increasing power by 1-10w.
One of the world’s leading white-eva film producers and Poe film monopolists, led by capital advantage, is expected to produce 250 million and 100 million square metres, respectively, by the end of 2021. Interest rates for new products will boost corporate income and profitability and further strengthen industry leadership.
The product lines extend to new electronic materials, and the sensor membrane takes the lead in the harvest period: the global production of pcb, which moves to China with a higher degree of precision, is a future trend, but domestic production of the membrane is not sufficient. Demand increases are replaced by national production, and the market space for the membrane may be up to 10 billion degrees.
Photo-dry membrane production will increase from the current 50 million square metres to 200 million square metres by 2020, and profit contributions will rise to about 10%. With aluminium plastics, fccl, and ancillary raw materials project on the ground in the future, the company’s share of new materials will continue to rise, supporting faster growth.
With the growth of the production of the poe, whiteeva, and light-dry membrane, the company's performance over the next two years is about 50 per cent of the world's cities in the field of photovoltaic film.
New material, promising, we give the company a 28-fold target of 2020e, corresponding targets.
In the field of deep-film materials, which expands to high-end photo-voltaic film and new materials, the company is the absolute leader of the e-film, which has remained at around 50% for many years and is now expanding to new electronic materials such as distillation, fccl, and aluminium plastics.
Two film projects are expected to be launched in 2021, with 50 million m2 currently available, and 200 million m2 in 2020. The leader is well-established, well-run, and the new product boosts profitability.
Imbrane operations account for about 90% of revenue and profits, and this area is fully competitive, profit-free, and stable. In technology- and pattern-changing photovoltaic industries, companies are unlikely to be able to afford to sit on PV films for many years, and performance is largely influenced by the industry’s climate and is robust in relation to industry fluctuations.
New products with high rates of Maori are whiteeva membrane, poe membrane and radiated membrane releases, which are influenced by increased competition in the industry, with 10.8, 5.2 pct, 1h2019 earnings, net profit, net profit and net profit deductions of 29.8, 400, 300 million yuan in 2017.
(b) Recovering the remaining land claims and government subsidies of $663.2 million and 2020 million each.
Increase in the ratio of va white membrane to poe membrane benefiting from a high Māori ratio, 1h2019 photo-voltaic membrane 1.5 pct over the same period, offset by a decrease of 4.1 pct over the same year in the backboard ratio, a combined Māori rate of 19.5 per cent, which is roughly the same as in the same period last year; the cost rate for the period remains low in water
Figure 7: Cost during the company period Photovoltaic film: With 250 million square metres of white eva membrane modification project and 200 million square metres per year of poe film project phase I, company eva membrane will be phased out
It is expected that the company’s photo-voltaic film operations in 2019-2021e will increase its profitability by starting production in 4q18, with a current capacity of 50 million m2.
In 2020, production capacity is expected to reach 200 million square metres, compared to 8.31 million square metres in 2018, and the project was launched as a global leader in the field of photo-voltaic filtration, where the city’s share is stable at around 50% per year. The new product, the white eva and poe film, met the demand for photo-voltaic efficiency reduction in the industry and the Maori rate was higher.
The average e-film, while increasing the income of the company, will strengthen profitability and strengthen the niche. The company has expanded new materials like electronics, and has achieved mass production and steady delivery, and has become one of the few suppliers of national production, with great prospects.a
By doing so, we gave the company a PV boost to ensure that the demand for the membrane increased, white eva and poe increased the profit margin, and the global demand for new PVs will continue to grow faster after the start of the domestic market at an instant, flat price.
▪ As the city’s 50% rubber tap, growing demand from the industry was the main driver of growth in corporate performance.  The August bidding for the component accelerated, and the domestic market was launched in September. 1h2019 Global Photovolt will be about 47gw, China 11.4gw. Domestic demand is expected to be 25-30gw in the second half of the year.
Households use 3gw+, price parity versus non-subsidized distribution 3~4gw, poverty 2~3gw, base class 2~3gw. In August, tenders were launched for major project owners' equipment, and public tenders were announced by the State and the Tang for a centralized bidding capacity of 1.78gw/640mw, reserve capacity of 1.26gw/300mw, foreshadowing a photovoltaic bidding project.
It is expected that domestic demand will be 40-45gw in 2019, about 120gw globally. The time of policy landing will be significantly earlier than this year, creating better conditions for domestic photovoltaic construction next year, and most of the first price-free projects are expected to be implemented in 2020, making provision for next year’s loading capacity.
The United States exempts two-sided power generation components from a duty duty of 201 (25%) and the cost of a light-voltage machine, or will be derived from the extraction of a component.
Purchase costs have fallen sharply and growth has accelerated: cost-sensitive markets, such as India, accelerated start-up; European mics have removed boosters; and emerging markets, such as the Middle East, South America, and South-East Asia, have increased their contribution.
The replacement of the stock-fired electrical loader, which in turn drives a new rapid growth in the global light-voltage loader, is expected to be more than 400gw/year since 2025, reaching the first peak of about 440gw/year in 2026. (For more details, please refer to our report, Photovoltaic Prices, released on 3 January 2019.)
Three of the online series – Global Photovoltage Pair Curtain, with more demand from overseas – China will continue to be the main engine of global photovoltage growth, contributing about 50% of the build-up, peaking at over 230gw in 2026-28. India, the United States, will be overseas.
High growth in overseas demand underpins the sustainable development and profitability of domestic photovoltaic manufacturing enterprises. eva leukaemia efficiency, with a three-year compound increase of 70% in demand for poe film under the dual-faced trend of components
▪ In general, the encapsulation of the film requires: light, glued, ultraviolet and high temperature, low permeability of water, high-body resistance (reduced leaks). The current containment of the film is dominated by transparency, mature and low-cost, but with a higher rate of loss of the packaged components. In line with the industry ' s efficiency reduction, the development of the encapsulation of the film has been dominated by research and development.
The popular products around low-injection light loss, low decay, and high value for money include whiteeva, white/peripheral mempoe, condensed membrane.The white eva membrane can increase the power of the component 1-10w by increasing the reflection of the light from the gap between the cells.
And to simplify the cost of backboarding downs. White eva light reflectivity is over 90%, and white eva/sipo components replace transparent eva with white eva/white poe with 7-10w and 1-3w. Moreover, because white film blocks the positive UV, the back plate glue can be replaced with fluorine coatings.
Composite fluorine film; due to white refraction of the film into the light, the backboard mesother was replaced with full transparency, thus increasing its hydrolysis, water and vapour resistance, electrical insulation, and backboard simplification to help reduce the volume.
The introduction of electronic beam irradiation precoupling technology has eliminated the mobility of white eva film, increased heat resistance and size stability, and prevented component appearance defects. Currently, low-mobile white evaporation precoupled by electrobeam precoupling has been put into production.
The poe membrane is much more effective than the traditional e-film, which helps the two-breeding component to counter the loss of the pid. The traditional e-film has a higher permeability rate, the use of the water gas enters the battery, the ester key of the e-eva drops into the water and decomposes the free movement of the acetic root (-cooh), the acetic root and the alkaline reversible of the glass surface.
A free automatic sodium ion (na+) should be created, and na+ moves to the battery plate and enriches it to the reverse layer, leading to a pid phenomenon, leading to a loss of component power. Perc double-faced battery 1) Half-contact gold requires a laser slot to open the back passivation layer with no passivation on the back.
Complete: 2) Small aluminium lines on the back to print the aluminium grid, which is more susceptible to acid corrosion than the full aluminium back yard of the conventional battery: 3) part of the component uses an unboxed or semi-boxed border, and the film and air are more easily exposed to water vapours through which, without special protection, the back of the two-sided perc battery will lose up to 15-50%.
Poe envelopes are developed as catalysts with narrow relative molecular mass fractions, narrow-combined monomer distribution, structurally controlled new polyolefin thermal elastics. Due to non-polar characteristics, Poe has excellent water and ion resistance capabilities, water and gas permeables.
The excess rate is only around 1/8 foreva: due to the stable structure of the molecular chain, the ageing process does not break down, produces acids, produces excellent anti-aging properties.
In 2019, companies such as Hai Yuwe, Ekang and others launched a multi-layered Composite film (like 2 floors), which also contains the eva and poe layers. The condensed-transparent film, which applies to two-faced double-bond battery assemblies, consists mainly of eva-poe-eva and eva-va.
Two structures: eva-poe. Complex membrane 1) has excellent water insulation, ultraviolet aging, heat resistance, etc. of the pe material; 2) no work or simple work is required and easy to automate; 3) less poe use and higher value for money. At present, co-cruct film is in the early stages of extension, with higher investment in its production equipment.
30% of ordinary products, with specific performance yet to be proven, are not yet in the mainstream. perc bipolar permeability increases the structural high demand for poe/combined extremities. From perc bipolar batteries, Poe material covers, so the bipolar trend will drive the poe film.
/poe has a high structural growth in demand for extruded film. Based on sensitivity analysis, if the demand for components is 35 ~ 50 ~ 50 % of the two-sided perc, then the poe membrane/poe has a high dependence on imports of raw materials, increasing demand downstream or accelerating the process of national production.
• The photo-voltaic film is fully nationalized and competitive, the profit margin at the end of the manufacture is not much lower, and the raw material determines the cost. The technology at the core of the film is the formula, and the technical barriers are relatively low.
The rate is between 10% and 20%, and there is little room to reduce the price by eliminating excess profits. In addition, the process is more mature and there is limited scope to optimize production process control.
The materials for synthetic particles are petrochemical downstream products, prices influenced by oil prices and ethylene prices, which are less relevant to the needs of the photovoltaic industry, so that the raw material costs of particles are more rigid. But both types of particles are less home-grown.
Dynamic effects, shorter delivery times and increased particle cost controlability. Figure 24: Photovoltaic film cost structure (2018) Figure 25: Price trends of primary raw materialseva resin (Forster)
▪ Photovoltaic film has become the second largest consumption area in the lower eva resins. eva resins are co-poly produced by ethylene (e) and acetic ethylene esters (va). eva resins are numerous, eva resins are differentiated by va content for different uses, and photovoltaic eva resins generally refer to va concentrations of 28 ~ 33 %.
Material. Driven by high growth in photovoltaic demand, the share of photovoltaic membrane in the downstream application of eva resins rose rapidly, becoming the second largest consumption area downstream of eva resins in 2018, accounting for about 28%.
By the end of 2018, China had an output capacity of 993 million tons, with a compound growth rate of 18.71 per cent in 2014-18, yielding about 630,000 tons, an increase of 25.45 per cent over the same period. Despite the rapid growth in capacity, the country has a large share of the eva resin, which is a generic brand, concentrated in basic areas such as bubbles, cables, and high-va content high-end eva trees.
According to the U.S.I. data, the domestic production rate for thin wire cables reached 92.5% in 2018, while the domestic production rate for solar cell film raw eva resins was only about 16.7%.
The gap exists, and our overall import of the eva resin is more dependent, with an apparent consumption of about 10,000 tons in 2018. The photovoltaic film is one of the fastest growing demand for the Chinese production gap in the downstream application of the eva resin. For profit, but also in order to avoid structural overcapacity, it is expected that more enterprises will grow.
With attention to high-end research and development, we may be able to make a breakthrough over the next three to five years. Bay (Taiwan, Atun), South Korea (Dardal, Lake Rock), Japan (East Cao, Sani, Friends) and others have more competitive patterns, so prices are relatively reasonable.
The technical barriers and patent protection of the chemicals giants abroad make it difficult to industrialization a poe particle. Currently, the luminous boe particles are entirely import-dependent, and the key to their production processes include process and catalyst synthesis.
At present, domestic firms have a low level of knowledge of both, and their constraints on each other make it difficult to industrialize the poo particles in the country. Poe particle production is concentrated in the hands of US and Japanese firms. The concentration of production, the high technical barriers and the increase in demand have resulted in poo elastomer prices being 30% higher than photovoltaic eva resins.
50% of the country ' s previous studies in the field of poe were mainly focused on modifications and downstream applications, and if the future photovoltaic components were to be fully switched to the two-bob and the Poe sealing status was to remain unchanged, it would have led to high demand growth in the poe, thereby increasing the momentum of the poe flexibles industry and accelerating the process of national production.
Efficient Catalyst Synthesis: Poe particles used in photovoltaic film manufacturing are developed by thick metals as catalysts and are essentially used in industrialization as cgc (geometrically defined metal catalysts), but the synthesis technology is monopolized by a small number of chemicals in foreign countries (autonomous research and development).
Poe polymerization process: The Poe manufacturing process is represented by the Dow du Bonginsite process and the Esenkmbil high-pressure polymeric technology. The key to the technology is parameters such as polymer temperature, catalyst activity, ethylene conglomerates insertion content. There are also higher technical barriers and patent protections.
The company has a strong and strong competitive advantage in the area of eva membrane. From 2003 to 2007, Chinese enterprises, represented by the public, broke the eva membrane import monopoly: the company first joined the world in 2008.
`Ethylene-Acetic Acetate (eva) co-polymer (VA) film for photovoltage assemblies; from 2015 to date, Quality and cost advantages have increased in size of the market, with city share rising to about 50% and Māori ratio
A small number of manufacturers, such as the company, have taken the lead in solving the problems of overflowing white fillings, external wrinkles, fragmentations, etc. that plagued the development of Whiteeva, which was proposed in 2012, but which was put on hold because of large mobility and component appearance deficiencies. From 2013 to 17, in-house companies passed through.
The introduction of electronic beam irradiation precoupling technology eliminated the mobility of white eva film, increased heat resistance and size stability, and prevented component appearance defects. One of the poe membrane monopolists, acquired and developed more competitively.
A few plants, such as well chemistry, Dows chemistry in the United States, 3m in the United States, and companies, have the capacity to supply poe membrane.
In 2017, the Chinese Photovoltaic Industry Association Standard t/cpia0006-2017 "The Photovoltaic Component Covers ACFOs."  The company 's whiteeva and poe envelopes have the same client groups and market characteristics as the average.
Procurement framework contracts have now been signed through the certification of the downstream mainstream assembly plant and with mainstream photovoltaic components such as Sky, Crystal, Crystal, Crystal, Artes, Chandler, and Hanhua. This percentage has been raised to 25-30% in the first half of the year, with a faster increase than half of the pooe film.
The new materials business creates new growth points, and the upstream industrial chain is autonomously aligned to enhance competitiveness The radiant membrane: entering the production energy rapid release period, the key pcb consumption material in the early stages of import substitution The luminous gels are divided into two categories: dry membrane (simple dry membrane) and wet membrane lumbrane lumber, which are photogenics, etc.
Light-sensitive light-sense materials, consisting of resins and various additives. This material is mainly used in the electronic information industry for the production of circuit board lines, for the production of various LCD monitors, for semiconductor chips, and for the micro-picture processing of devices.
Modified media, using photochemical reaction exposed, visible, etching processes to transfer the required fine graphics from the mask (mask) to the underlying sheet to be processed.  Dry membrane is easier to operate and can be used on an automated line (automated membrane machine) scale compared to wet membranes
In addition, the wet membranes cannot be inundated, the oil membranes are poorly controlled and need to be blocked; in addition, the wet membranes are thin, the graphics are platable, it is difficult to achieve high accuracy, and the circuit boards need to drill twice.
China’s photoresist membrane needs are high, but import dependence is high. China’s mainland is the world’s largest producer of pcb, and its market demand is high.
The scale effect is significant, the concentration of the industry is high, and the key supporting materials in the pcb industry are still largely controlled by Taiwan and foreign investors and have not yet fully achieved national production. According to Prismark, global pcb production in 2018 was $63.55 billion, mainland China.
According to the Fuji Economic Conservancy in Japan, 32.6 billion United States dollars, or 51 per cent, were consumed globally by about 1 billion square metres in 2018, with mainland China accounting for about 60 per cent of global usage.
The top three companies have a global market share of over 80%. Continental companies have started late on the luminous membrane, and are now only Hun Nam Hung-seo, Deep.
A small number of enterprises, such as Shenzhen Hyemya and Pearl Sea energy kinetic optics, are available, with a self-sufficiency rate of well below 10%.
For long-distance transport is not conducive to the quality and safety of products, downstream firms tend to buy in close proximity; and downstream customers are increasingly demanding technical services against a background of increasing differentiation of electricity sub-products. Domestic advantage firms are flexible in their mechanisms to develop and promote product innovation together with downstream firms.
▪ The company relies on its own mature, mono/multilayer polymer-functional film material preparation system... to break through the luminous, film-based technical barriers. Since 2013, the company has invested a lot of resources in the industrialization of the luminous membranes.
Single-layer polymer functional film material preparation system; sensor dilamental membrane is based on multi-layer polymer function film material preparation technology system.
Clients have started to supply continuously, with 774.5 million square metres of sensitised membrane products sold, an increase of 386.37 per cent over the same period. In addition, companies have adopted performance tests for large strategic customers such as congenial electrons, congenial electrons, dings, etc., which are expected to lead to bulk delivery.
The installation of production lines has been deactivated with a stable production capacity of 50 million m2 per year and single-line production capacity is expected. 200 million m2 are expected to be delivered by 2020. Other new materials: project construction is steadily advanced and market space is wide
fccl: Benefiting from import substitution and fpc penetration increase Fccl) is a processing base material for a scratching printed circuit board (fpc).
In the case of fibreglass sheeting, the main raw materials are bronze, fibreglass sheeting, epoxy resins, which account for about a third of the cost of the product. Depending on mechanical rigidity, the coatings can be divided into rigid and fccl.
. A rigid sheet is a sheet of copper that is not curable and has a certain degree of hardness and tenacity; a scratching sheet is made of a capricious enhancement material (film) overlayed with electrolytic copper or pressurized copper, which has the advantage of bending to facilitate the assembly of electrical components. Mechanical rigidity changes are mostly made from the trees used.
Fats and formulas are regulated. Fccl is a processing base for scratching printed circuit boards (fpc), while fpc is a pcb with terminals including smartphones, tablet computers, digital cameras, car-borne electronic instrumentation
Figure 50: The global production of circuit board output structure (2017)  uncoated copper sheeting from company expansion is mainly applied to high-precision-density products, and the market is promising.
fccl covers bronze on one or both sides as single-face, double-faced bronze sheet; it distinguishes between rubber-coated coins (3l-fccl) and non-coated copper sheets (2l-fccl). 2l-fccl is stable in size, flame-retardance, durability, age-resilient.
Sex is better than 3l-fccl, mainly used for high-precision fpc, soft plate, etc. With high-end consumer electronic products such as smartphones, flatboard computers, digital cameras and so on, electronics are becoming smaller, thinner, intelligent, hard-printing circuit boards and non-coupling.
With its superior perturbation and useful life, copper plates are suited to the requirements of stability and high rates of high-density line manufacturing, are increasingly widely used in consumer electronics, telecommunications products, computers and their surroundings, and are open to future market prospects.
Aluminium plastic film: key material for a soft-packed lithium battery, new energy vehicle plus storage for demand-driven growth  Aluminium plastic composite film for a lithium battery, a flexible package for a power cell, is one of the key materials for a lithium battery, which currently consists mainly of square cells, cylindrical batteries and soft-pack batteries, the first two of which are the first two types of batteries.
The electrolysis is liquid and the metal material is used as a shell, while the soft-packed lithium battery covers aluminium plastics. Soft-packed lithium batteries have good safety, light weight, large capacity, low internal resistance, flexible design of new energy vehicles, and increased penetration of soft-packed batteries contribute to the demand for aluminium plastics.
The high energy density of the pool coincides with the current demand for new power electric vehicles to upgrade the range, so its demand will be driven by both the increased demand for power batteries and the increased penetration of soft-pack batteries. According to the High Industrial Research Institute (ggii), our total power battery load was about 30.01gwh in the first half of 2019, compared to the same year.
This represents an increase of 93%. Of these, square batteries increased by 109% in the same year; soft-packed batteries increased by 38% in the same year; and cylinder batteries increased by 47% in the same year by 2.71gwh. Soft-packed lithium cell costs and wind photovoltaics entered the flat price phase, pulling lithium batteries and aluminium in the field of power storage.
The storage market is expected to grow at a high rate in the larger context of national policy support, lower costs for lithium batteries, and the gradual economicization of the “light-plus” after the advent of photovoltaics. Lithium batteries in the storage area account for more than half of the total, and it is expected that future soft-pack batteries will be able to rely on high energy density and security.
Globality holds a significant market share. Currently, the company's aluminium plastic magnesium product has been produced in volume, the product is capable of meeting battery plant performance requirements, and a 3c battery customer has been imported into the country as a supplier of high-quality aluminium plastic magnesium.
Figure 51: Proportion of new energy car battery shapes: 1h2019 Figure 52: Flexible packages of lithium battery structure Alkaline soluble resins: raw materials for company-senseed dry film products, to be produced autonomously
The alkaline soluble resin is one of the main materials of the dehydrated membrane resistance and has a high value added. The alkaline soluble resin is a acrylic resin that is often formed by the confluence of ethylene-containing monomers such as acrylic acid, methylpropylate and styrene, which, after exposure, can rapidly be solidified within the chemical system, allowing the chemical system to
Significant changes in the physical performance of materials are mainly made from liquid photoresist ink (wet film) and dry membrane (dry film) to be used in front-end material manufacturing in the electronic information industry, such as pcb (printed circuit boards) for photoresist (wet film and dry membrane photoresist), lcd for photoresist
Aluminium soluble resins are one of the important barriers to the light-sighted dehydration membranes, which ensures a stable supply of raw materials. The main components of photo-resistants are resins, monomers, photo-activated agents, and additives. Some of these are resins.
50-60%, or about 35-45% of the individual body. Due to the confidentiality of the formulation and the complexity of the production process, alkaline soluble resin has been one of the main technical barriers to entering the field of photoresistants, which are not available on the market at present, and most of the producers of photoresist plants are self-sufficient and do not sell to the outside world.
The project will enhance the capacity of industry chain autonomy to ensure a steady supply of raw materials upstream of the symmetrical membrane products, which will allow companies to further explore the market space in the national production substitution process. The global pcb manufacturing and consumption centre is gradually moving towards a global production and consumption centre.
Domestic transfers, while the photoresist and its upstream raw material resin, which play a key role in the pcb industrial chain, cannot be domesticated. Few businesses around the world can produce photoresist.pcb uses photoresist.
Bay Changchun Chemical Industries, Japan Xinxing, Japan Hittori, U.S. Dupont, Korea Kolon (Koron), Italy Moton, the top five companies account for 98% of the market share. Predictably, the photoresist and its raw material base solubility during the simultaneous domestic production process in the electrical sub-information industry chain.
The market space for resins is huge. Figure 53: Alkaline soluble resins as one of the main materials of the radiated membrane resistant. Figure 54: Global photoresist application structure (2017)
Polyester polyols: Raw materials for photovoltaic and lithium battery glues and environmentally friendly coatings  polyester polyols made from organic polyacrylic acids (anhydride or esters) and polyol polymers (or esters exchange) are important ingredients for polyurethane products, covering photovoltaic backboards, aluminium plastic membranes, food packages
The company ' s project mainly provides raw materials for existing business photovoltaic backboards and medium- and high-end applications of polyurethane products. The experience of photovoltted backboards and fccl product development has accumulated experience in polyester polyol production.
Experience with the application of glue resins on backboards can provide lessons for the institutional design and application of glue resins. In addition, the development of fccl products has accumulated relevant experience with polymers, such as the design of polymer equipment, reaction control and safety control.
▪ The global market for polyurethane will continue to grow steadily and shift to the Asia-Pacific region and to emerging countries. Asia and the Pacific, North America, and Western Europe are the major distribution areas for polyurethane globally, with 45 per cent of sales in Asia and the Pacific, and about 40 per cent in North America and Western Europe combined.
PUR development will focus on the Asia-Pacific region. In addition, in some emerging countries such as India, Brazil, Mexico, the need for polyurethane applications in the construction, clothing, furniture, etc., is increasing, and it is expected that the whole spherical PUR industry will continue to grow steadily.
Polyurethane applications are promising in areas such as photovoltaic, lithium batteries, environmentally friendly coatings. At present, polyurethane products are saturated in traditional applications such as synthetics, foams, coatings, rubber (elastomers) and fibres, with competition and low industrial value added.
There are also wider applications in applications such as lithium batteries (used as glue for sealing and glue), environmentally friendly coatings (as main or modified resins) and high-performance domestically produced polyester polyols are scarce and national production alternatives are large.
There are a large number of producers, but they are mainly led by TNCs, such as Dow Chemical, Bayer, Barsf, Invida, Shell, Han Gaul, Japanese ink, etc. Domestic firms are weak in technological development, do not yet have access to technology packages (including resin synthesis, glue-making technology, etc.) and have plants of a certain size of production.
Low number of home, high performance polyurethane products, mostly import-dependent, photo-sensitive acrylic monomer: key raw materials for the induction dehydration membrane, a special acrylic acid type with a high boiling point distinct from the general acrylic acid, extremely large
Most photo-sensitive acrylates are produced through the reaction of polyols and (methyl)acrylates directly esters, often as reaction dilutors to traditional chemical systems for organic solvents or water (35-45 per cent) and are used in solidification systems to reduce the stickyness of the chemical systems; furthermore, their chemical structures contain polymerable organics.
Small-moleculars, so also known as Monomer, are currently producing high-end monomers, which are concentrated in such enterprises as gynaecology, Jiangsu Samaki, Lida technology, Shadoma, and new resins, with domestic manufacturers in the lower end.
uv photo-stabilization cleans the environment and creates a large space for growth. Photo-stabilization is an important application area for photo-sensitive acrylic acid. It is a technology for rapid fixation of liquid chemical formulations with energy (UV-optic uv) exposure. Its main components consist of four categories: monolithic, resin, light-activated, assistive.
Cleaning, energy conservation, and extensive and well-developed downstream applications: Photo-resistance: photo-sensitive ACL is a key raw material for photo-resist, with compositions of 35-45% and downstream in the pcb industry.
Photosolidation coatings: Environmentally friendly materials, applications in a variety of areas, such as wood paints, pvc floor coatings, paper oils, plastic coatings, fibre-optic cable coatings, vacuum plating, etc. Photosolidation ink: non-polluted and solvent-free releases.
Ink, ink ink, engraved ink, transfer ink, sprayed ink, silk ink, etc. Photo-solidated glue: fast fixation, low energy consumption, non-solvent contamination, rapid development, excellent performance, medical field: dental restoration materials, medical conductive charge agility, 3d printing of medical equipment, etc.
The project has not been built as expected: China is the main global market for additional light voltage, and if the domestic bid project is not built as fast as expected, it will have a significant impact on the global demand for photo-voltage plastics and backboards, which could lead to an accelerated decline in product prices and an impact on corporate performance.
▪ Deterioration of co-opting: As the photovoltaic industry enters a phase of parity, the power grid digestion capacity or replacement costs will become the most important factor in the rate of increase in photovoltaic demand. If photo-contamination deteriorates, it may affect the size of the additional photovoltaic loaders.
▪ Not as fast as expected in the construction of corporate projects: new construction projects make a significant contribution to company performance, and if construction and production are not as fast as expected, they may result in lower-than-expected corporate performance. ▪ Receivable risk: subsidy defaults in the photovoltaic industry and corporate receivables as a percentage of income
High, affecting cash flow. If the client fails to pay the goods as scheduled, or results in an increase in the impairment of the accounts receivable, then the final rating is calculated on average and built as the market average investment