The first half of the year 2021 reported that Lungi shares disclosed half of the year 2021 and generated business income of $35,098 million in the first half of 2021.
The share of overseas receipts has increased significantly, with components remaining the industry’s top priority. During the first half of the second quarter of 2021, the company’s Māori ratio, influenced by multiple factors such as the price of raw materials and the increase in freight costs, achieved 38.36gw of single crystal silicon, with 18.76gw sold abroad, an increase of 36.48 per cent.
Research and development (R & D) investment has increased significantly, continuously increasing core competitiveness. As of June of this year, corporate professional R & D (ttm)
The new generation of double-faced product hi-mon, which maintains the optimal size of 182-72c, while adopting the lowest price in December, undisclosed smart welding technology as a high-quality, efficient, reliable and low-cost product for companies.
At the same time, the company has continued to develop high-efficiency battery technologies, with in-depth research and technological reserves for new battery technologies such as Topcon, hjt. In early June 2021, the company announced a 25.21% efficiency in the conversion of N-topcon batteries, a 25.26% efficiency in the conversion of hjt batteries, and the latest.
In the first half of 2021, the company produced single crystal silicon tablets.
38.35gw, 51.73 per cent more than the previous year and 19.93gw production of single crystal components, 149.02 per cent more than the same year; in the first half of this year, the 10gw single crystal silicon bar project and the Xian space phase of the 7.5gw annual battery pool project were completed and the 10gw single silicon rod and silicon silicon silicon silicon project and Chuo (3 issues) were produced annually.
The 20gw monocrysil tablets project is partially operational, the Ningxia Leaf 3gw single crystal battery project and the Western Aral Leaf 15gw single crystal battery project are under construction. On May 18, 2021, the company proposed to publicly issue convertable corporate bonds to raise a total of no more than 7 billion yuan for the construction of the Western Salmon leaf.
By the end of 2021, the company was planning to produce 105gw per year for single crystal silicon, 38gw per year for single crystal cell and 65gw per year for single crystal components; and 2021 single crystal silicon.
Target 80gw (including self-use) and target 40gw (including self-use) for component loads. In the future, as companies deepen their integrated layout, increasing supply chain management capacity will further safeguard the security of supply and logistics efficiency of raw materials and consolidate the company’s luminous headline status.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.