The performance of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre in the first half of the year met expectations, with a significant increase in the volume of silicon and component shipments. 21q2 companies achieved operating income.
For the first half of the year, the company achieved a single crystal silicon output of 38.36gw, of which 18.76gw. grew by 36.48%. Self-use 19.60gw: 17.01gw.
In the first half of the year, the output of the company component continued to be the highest in the industry. In the first half of the year, the company’s combined Māori rate was lagging behind, and we still expect to maintain a high Māori rate. The component business was affected by the low price orders signed in 2020, and the Māori rate is expected to decline.
The second half of the year is expected to be better profitable and more integrated. The 2021h1 company has largely completed and absorbed the low price orders entered in the previous period.
The Stick Project and the Xian Space Phase Annual Production 7.5gw Battery Project are now in production, the Quixian Production 10gw Single Crystal Silicon Stick and Silicon Silicon Project and the Tsou (III) Production 20gw Single Crystal Silicon Silicon Project are partially operational, and the Ning Shaloye Production 3gw Single Crystal Battery Project and the West Wye leaf Production 15gw Single Crystal Battery Project are under construction.
By the end of this year, the company will be able to produce 105gw silicon, 38gw battery and 65gw components, with an increased degree of integration, which will help the company further increase its profitability.
Industry and technology advantages, companies provide products and system solutions for the development of photovoltaic centralized ground power stations and distributed roofs (including bipv); a new subsidiary, Lungi Hydrogen Energy, actively layout and nurturing photovoltaic hydrogen. Lungi expands the landscape of photovoltaic applications through a new business layout to look for a second curve in industrial growth.
The company’s silicon silicon, the backbone of its components, is strong, and the integrated production and distribution of its capacity is further improved and its profitability is expected to increase continuously. The company is expected to grow by 32.91% net profit compound over the next three years, covering the first time with a “possession” rating.
1 From silicon taps to component taps, global silicons and components are becoming more powerful. The company started in 2000 with a single crystal silicon business. In 2013, the company's main slurry line cut was converted to a diamond line cut, and in 2015 it completed the diamond line cutter.
In 2014, the company acquired Leaf Photovolts, and entered the battery module business, and since then the component business has grown rapidly: the global output ranked first in terms of Top5 in 2018 and 2020, and the silicon + component dual-head status has been established.
In June 2021, N-topcon conversion efficiency was updated to 25.19%, and hjt battery R & D efficiency to 25.26%. The cost, technology, and other advantages of future corporate leadership will continue to be highlighted, and profitability is expected to outperform the industry again.
By the end of June 2021, the president of the company, Li Jingo, and his wife, Li Hee Yin, were physically controlled by the company, with a direct share ratio of 19.1%.
Figure 2: The company’s real owners and ultimate beneficiaries are the President, Mr. and Mrs. Lee Zhengo, and the company’s revenues are growing as the photovoltaic industry grows. In terms of revenue composition, the company’s revenues are mainly derived from photovoltaic silicon and component operations, which have grown faster in recent years, reaching 66.4% in 2020.
In terms of profitability, the profitability of the company ' s component business is at the forefront of the firm, reflecting the firm ' s relatively strong level of cost control and, given the company ' s excellent level of cost control and management, the rising prices of upstream raw materials, with the company still performing well. The 21h1 company achieved revenue of $3598 million, an increase of 74.26 per cent; and the return was achieved.
The net profit of $4.905 billion, an increase of 21.3% over the same year, remains at 22.73% overall. The need for loading in the second half of the year is clear, the component’s start-up rate in August has increased considerably, and the industry’s climate is warming.
The state intends to re-engineer the large-scale component tender, represented by the National Energy Group 5.5gw bid, in support of the strong demand for the end-of-pipe. The start-up rate of the component, driven by demand at the end, continues to rise over July, and the industry is expected to recover in the second half of the year.
The corporate advantage will be further highlighted. With the continued expansion of head companies in 2020-2021, each announced a larger target for shipments in 2021, with the six companies targeted for shipments before the components arrived at more than 160gw. We expect a global load of 160gw in 2021, taking into account the ratio of 1.2, with the component demand increasing from 192gw to 77% for the year as a whole.
The output of the components has been steadily moving, with the global output having been the highest in the industry since 2020. According to Pvinfolink, the global output of the components has been rising since 2016, with a significant branding advantage. The global output of the 2020 and 2021h1 components has been the highest in the industry. By the end of 2020, the capacity of the components was 50gw, up to the end of 2021st.
The planned component capacity of 50 gw, silicon and battery capacity of 105 gw, 38gw, respectively, will provide sufficient security for the company’s ability to deliver, and future city share is expected to be maintained. Assuming that 1: company component operations are growing steadily with the need for photovoltaic terminals, the output of components will be 2021-2023, respectively
40gw\55gw\70gw: Assumption 2: Māori ratio of corporate single crystal silicon operations recovered with the release of upstream silicon production capacity, sales in 2021-2023 were 40gw, 55gw, 70gw:
Assumption 3: Other businesses remain at steady growth and Māori rates. We have selected three mainstream companies in the photovoltaic industry, with an average of 61 times pe in 2021 and 40 times pe in 2022.
(b) Continuing upgrades. The company is expected to grow by 32.91 per cent over the next three years, covering for the first time a “possession” rating. 1) The risk of lower than expected delivery of the company's productive capacity; 2) the risk of a sustained increase in the cost of raw materials;
No compensation of any kind will be obtained either directly or indirectly for the absence of, or for the absence of, the specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.