The information technology semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment.
Enhancement of marketing efficiency and capacity-building, gradual expansion of self-employment in marketing regions and empowerment of marketing regions to enhance their continued competitiveness; and questioning of low-price orders signed in 2020
The company achieves 38.36gw of single crystal silicon tablets, of which 18.76gw is sold abroad, while the first half of 2021 continued to be the largest in the industry.
(601012) Annual and quarterly reviews - excellent management, excellent performance expectations. Research and development investment continues to grow to drive science, technology and innovation for industrial progress.
The concept of development is robust, technology-led, with customer values at its core, and high-intensity research. Lungi shares (601012).
(601012) Reported points - high performance, single-crystal pole position is strong. billions of yuan, representing 4.60% of current operating income.
A generation of double-faced product hi-mon, which maintains the optimal size of 182-72c, while also taking the Lungi stock (601012), using undisclosed smart welding technology, brings efficient, reliable, low-cost advantages to clients.
(601012) Annual and quarterly reviews - quality products. At the same time, companies are committed to the development of high-efficiency battery technology for mass production, and companies are well placed to take the lead in high-performance growth.
At the beginning of the month, the company announced a 25.21 per cent conversion efficiency for the N-topcon battery, a 25.26 per cent conversion efficiency for the hjt battery, and a 25.19 per cent conversion efficiency for the latest published p-topcon battery, continuously updating the world record.
Appropriately adjusts the production energy release and expansion rhythms to positively adapt to market changes. During the reporting period, companies coordinated and safeguarded project supply chain resources to the maximum extent possible and guaranteed customer orders were made during the reporting period, as a result of periodic shortages of raw materials, such as multiple crystalline silicon, and downstream demand watching.
Subject to payment, the rate of start-up and expansion of production capacity has been adjusted proportionately to market change. The 10gw single crystal silicon rods project and the Xian space phase of the annual 7.5gw electricity and Lungi shares (601012) - performance meets expectations and components are delivered first.
The pool project is now in production, the 10gw single-crysilica stick and silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon 20gw per year (phase 3) is partially operational, the 3gw single-crystal batteries produced by Ning Shaloi Ye and the 15gw single-crystal batteries produced by Xihai Leaf are under construction in the first half of 2021.
Each year, the company produced 38.35gw monocrysil tablets, a 51.73 per cent increase in the same year, and 19.93gw components, a 149.02 per cent increase in the same year.
The battery and assembly non-silicon costs continue to decrease. By the end of 2021, the company's single crystal silicon annual output is expected to reach 105gw, the single crystal battery annual output to 38gw, and the single crystal component to 65gw.
Investment advice: The firm's deep-drawing, monocrystal technology route has great advantages in terms of cost, efficiency, and management. With the advent of parity in the photovoltaic industry, the company is integrated.
It's a huge potential for growth in market ownership. The company's research institute is expected to be located on the 9th North Avenue in Beijing's West Side.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.