The advantage of the component leads to a widening of the long line of 19.2 billion yuan, compared to 67 per cent, ring + 21 per cent, net profit of 2.49 billion yuan, compared to 11 per cent, ring + holding, high sales of silicon components and a preponderant expansion of the component city: company
In the first half of the year, 38.4gw silicon tablets were released (+52% of the year), of which 18.8gw (+36% of the year), plus 152%) were sold, measuring a 62% increase in the q2 output over the q1 ring. Against a background of tight silicon materials, the Director-General achieved a significant increase in silicon/component sales in the first half of the year that significantly exceeded the rate of industry.
The main battleground switch has been completed, pending “the advantage of scale” and the combined effect of the company's work in supply chain management and the external expansion of the global component market in recent years. We measure the global market share of the 2021h1 component, which has risen to about 22-23 per cent, to the highest level in the world.
“Continued cleaning of silicon glass, with supply chain advantages, has further expanded the lead in the first echelons. The first six months of low-cost component orders have been fully digested, and the next half of the year the average price of order execution has risen: root
According to the company's semi-annual report and following up on the public tender, we expect a significant increase in the average price of the company's component orders for the second half of the year (the lowest bid in the company's q1 domestic component collection is 1.48 dollars) compared to the first half of the year.
/w, which has been generally above $1.8/w in the recent past, while the prices of silicon tablets have rebounded significantly over the previous period as the industry has recently entered a boom season, will effectively offset the negative impact of the sharp increase in the price of silicon silicon in the second half of the year by recognizing the significant increase in the cost of raw materials for calibres, thus maintaining a better level of profitability.
Investment in R & D has continued to grow significantly, with the N-type technology reserve and new business development widening the moat: the company invested $1.6 billion in R & D in the first half of the year (up from 51%). The number of R & D teams was over 1,100, 35% longer than at the end of last year.
The next generation of N-type battery efficiency records and continued business progress in the field of photovoltaic applications, such as bipv and hydrogen energy. Sustained and massive research and development investment will help companies to achieve the strategic layout of the macro-level "PV-based clean energy solutions provider" and micro-fiscal technologies for the future.
(8621), The full depth of the 61357595 line is controlled to achieve long-term sustainable excess profit and growth by widening the moat.
As silicon price performance and the company ' s ability to transmit prices were over-expected, we adjusted the company ' s product to the end point, then calculated on average, as an average investment in the market.