High and sustained growth, with a strong competitive advantage, corporate ratings: increased (maintained) performance continued to grow. By mid-2020, companies achieved income of $3510 billion
The same rate of increase was 84.4 per cent and 66.7 per cent, respectively, and the same rate of increase was increased, resulting in a decrease in the q1/q2 rate of Māori interest, 1 per cent of the same rate, a steady increase in performance and a strong competitive advantage.
Silicon silicon, high component growth, and growing influence in overseas markets. In the first half of the year, corporate silicon 2, the global monocrystal locomotive, continued to enhance competitive advantage by using 19.6gw; single crystal components delivered 17.01gw, of which 16.6gw was sold externally.
+152.40 per cent), self-utilization of 0.41gw, with component income as a proportion of the 2020h1 strategy, with the United States, India as the main overseas market, Europe, South America, Australia, Asia and the Pacific, among others, making it the largest supplier of components in many national regions.
Research and development has invested $1.614 billion, or 4.6% of revenue, in efficiency improvements, and the efficiency of company topcon and hjt battery conversions is constantly updating the world record. On scale, the company’s single crystal silicon and component operations have become the world’s number one, in addition to the public sector.
Longki shares (601012), compared to depth of 300, are expected to continue to lead the industry by actively setting up the bipv and photovoltaic hydrogen industries. Multiplier.
Given the upward trend in industry concentration, firm size, technology costs and brand advantage, it is clear that we will continue to lead the industry, and we will maintain an “enhanced” rating.
Solar assembly and battery operations: Companies continue to expand their customers using product and brand advantages. In 2020, the global market share of component products was about 19 per cent, a significant increase of 11 percentage points from 2019, reaching 65gw, 80gw and 100gw, and the market share of company components is expected to continue as capacity is released
Increased prices. Taking into account trends in the volume of company components, we expect the company to earn 64.2 billion yuan, $82.2 billion and $97.5 billion, respectively, in 2021-2023, respectively, for silicon and silicon rod operations, respectively: temporary imbalances in the industrial chain do not change the trend towards increased concentration in the industry.
In 2021-2023, the company produced 105gw, 130gw and 150gw, and with the expansion and release of the company's production capacity, the firm's market share will increase and will continue to hold its leading position. Taking into account the company's silicon and volume price trend factors, we expect the company's revenues from silicon and silicon stick operations in 2021-2023, respectively.
Other business: downstream power station operations, with companies focusing on power station construction services, etc., while actively setting up a photovoltaic building integration of bitv. We expect that in 2021-2023, the overall Māori ratio of companies in power station construction and service operations will be determined by factors such as product structure, prices, and cost.
The relatively low Māori component revenue share is lower than the rise in Māori. While the current industrial chain costs are high, companies are constantly using technological advantages to reduce the efficiency gains and non-silicon costs are decreasing. We anticipate that Māori for silicon rod operations is 29.5 per cent.30 per cent, and Māori for solar assemblies and batteries, respectively.
Not 18.5/19 per cent.20 per cent. The market yield is 46/36/29 times higher. The long-term landscape of the photovoltaic industry in carbon neutrality and the context determines that the short-term industrial imbalances do not change the upward trend in industrial concentration, and that the size of the company, the cost of technology and brand advantages are evident.
2.1 The risk of friction in international trade has been followed in recent years by countries such as Europe, the United States, India and others for the purpose of protecting the country's photovoltaic industry.
A number of “double-reverse” surveys have been launched by national photovoltaic companies. This international trade friction has had a certain impact on the development of my home country's photovoltaic industry, which will not exclude other countries from following suit, leading to more trade frictions. During the reporting period, as corporate internationalization strategies have accelerated, overseas sales have accelerated.
Upgrade, although companies have circumvented related trade barriers through measures such as the implementation of overseas production and capacity deployment, they still face the uncertain risks posed by severe international trade barriers and trade policy changes. 2.2 Market competition risks
With full competition and phase-out of markets in the photovoltaic sector, a gradual concentration of surplus production, markets and capital, and a reshaping of the pattern of competition in the market sector, the level of competition among the backbone of the industry and the shift in the focus of competition from the original size and cost to the confluence of the enterprise is also exacerbated.
Competitiveness, including business model innovation, technology R & D, financing capacity, business management, marketing, etc. At the same time, in the context of the vertical integration of industries, leading firms in the industry have expanded their industrial chains, and the market has been exposed to macroeconomic volatility as a result of the new coronary virus epidemic.
The large scale of investment in solar photovoltaic power, the long period of recovery and the high cost of electricity generation determine that it is more affected by the macroeconomic environment. Current investments in photovoltaic terminals are larger and long-term recovery periods, a large proportion of total investment in power plants is dependent on bank loans, and changes in the macroeconomic environment will affect system transport.
In the first half of 2021, the new coronary virus epidemic continued to spread around the world, and if the epidemic was not brought under effective control, the demand for electricity would decline, combined with the deterioration of the financial environment.
From open compliance channels, the report’s analytical logic is based on one’s own professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects his own research views, and the findings are not directed or influenced by any third party.