The components are growing at a high rate, and the level of integration is deepening.
The silicon silicon silicon operations are limited and self-used silicon tablets exceed external sales: in the first half of the year, they were influenced by the tight market value of the silicon supply a share (billion yuan) and the company ' s silicon production capacity was at a lower level.
The relative depth of the 300 index of the shares shows a record of 38.36gw, of which 18.76gw was sold abroad, compared with 36.48%, and the proportion of silicon silicon silica supplied by the company increased further and the level of integration continued to deepen. As a result of the decline in the start-up rate, the company ' s nonsilicon costs were higher.
There has been a certain increase in the rate of Maori in the first half of the year. Due to the shortage of silicon materials, companies have adjusted their production capacity reasonably, and the pace of expansion has been expanded. During the reporting period, the 10gw silicon and silicon silicon silicon projects and the 20gw silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon projects have been partially operational.
The output of the components has continued to increase, with the N-cell efficiency leading: the company achieved the module delivery 17.01gw in the first half of the year, of which 16.6gw was sold abroad, i.e. +152.4 per cent, and the component was the world's first in terms of volume. Corporate revenue increased to 67 per cent from 57 per cent in the same period last year, with the module taking the lead.
To consolidation. Early in June this year, the company announced a 25.21% efficiency in the development and conversion of N-topcon batteries, a 25.26% efficiency in the development and conversion of hjt batteries, a 25.19% efficiency in the latest published p-topcon batteries, and a world record in battery efficiency.
Silicon production is expanding rapidly, components are on top of the world's list, and it's keeping up the lead, efficiency is improving well, and we think the company's n battery volume _aaa_Lonki shares (601012).
The layout of the bipv and hydrogen energy operations further broadens the scope for future company development: During the reporting period, the company actively undertook a new business layout and participated in the bipv market through the participation of the share-scenter shares.
Jiangsu has established a new Lungi Hydrogen Company, which is actively developing a photovoltaic, hydrolytic hydrogen business. We believe that pre-arranged hydrogen and bipv will keep the company developing faster in the future.