Eastern securities (600958.sh) double-clicking from battalion and trade Eastern securities have achieved nearly six quarterly peaks in performance in the first quarter, mainly due to performance changes in the first quarter.
The performance of the company’s securities sales and trading operations has recovered significantly, and the net profits of subsidiaries have increased faster than the previous year. After the completion of the “a+h” shares in the public sector s098005040003, subsequent performances have become more visible.
In 2022, in the context of the downturn in the equity market, the Eastern voucher earned 1.9 billion yuan, a 42 per cent drop in the same year, and the return on investment was 2.1 per cent. The company was a self-employed elasticist, with 4.2 billion shares in traded financial assets as of the end of 2022.
By the end of 2022, the fund's non-monetary fund-raising fund stood at $53,225 million, with a fully held Eastern Red Fund trustee.
The current process of depositing the wealth of the population is clear, with the subsequent increase in market preferences and the expected increase in the size of the structural equity funds, and significant improvements in the revenues of the management block (the Eastern Red + Exchange). Buyers invest in search routes, joining the ranks of old-age businesses.
By the end of 2022, corporate equity products were retained on a scale of 48.02 billion yuan, and the Fund ' s business service model was gradually maturing, client service experience was good, scaled, and the scale of operations was about 14.9 billion yuan, leading the industry. In addition, the head of the company was in the lead.
Qualifying for the sale of individual pension funds, multi-customer and multi-chain operations in wealth management. Eastern securities – 600958-2021 Quarterly Reviews: net profit of 4.3 billion yuan, increased competition in the same market; liquidity constraints leading to higher financing costs; less advanced innovation than expected.
Providing stable performance support, with a greater elasticity in the context of a return to market warming, we maintain its “buy-up diagram 1: operating income and growth in Eastern securities” Figure 2: net profit and increase in Eastern securities from the mother
Figure 4: Mother-to-manufacturing net profits and acceleration of Eastern securities by season Figure 5: Main business structure of Eastern securities Schedule: Financial forecast and valuation
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject