Quarterly performance appraisal of Eastern equities (600958); significant over-expected growth in performance during the quarter, with a focus on wealth management and investment capacity for growth
In 2023, q1 achieved operating income of $4.437 billion (+41.93 per cent) and achieved a net return profit.
Factors. Among the corporate traded financial assets, the share of investments in bonds, equity and public funds was higher than the share in the company ' s own business during the first quarter of the year, with operating revenues of $1,152 million, which led to a reversal of losses and a significant increase in the company ' s overall performance.
In 2022, the company completed the distribution of a+h shareholdings and raised a total of $12.567 billion, of which $11.567 billion had been accumulated by the end of the previous year.
With regard to investment operations, the company announced on 6 March that it had received approval from the CSRC for the incorporation of the fully-owned Eastern Securities Corporation, Inc.
Companies, mainly responsible for stock insurance, financial consultants, and corporate debt and corporate debt, while revenue services such as treasury debt, financial debt and non-financial enterprise debt are mainly derived from fixed income operations in Eastern securities
Headquarters is responsible for the establishment of the Ministry of Investment and Banking for the consolidation of the Eastern Portfolio, which will address the issue of the division of the investment bank's license plates, while at the same time more effectively addressing the constraints on the conduct of the operations, such as liquidity risk. 8 ipo projects are under cover by the Eastern Investors, with a volume of $7.485 billion (-42.53 per cent) and the principal underwriting.
18 refinancing projects with a volume of 15.5213 billion yuan (-46.09 per cent). Xiao Xin China Air Securities Ltd. in the first quarter of 2023, the company achieved net operating income of 277 million yuan (-26.36 per cent) and company I.
The decline in quarterly operations is mainly due to the company’s failure to complete the ipo project, overall fund-raising, and the prospect of further growth in the bank’s strength following future merger into the Ministry of Investment and Industry. With respect to wealth management operations, companies still have significant advantages in marketing financial products and managing their operations.
Billions of dollars (54.65%) are mainly affected by market fluctuations, and there has been a decline in the size of various financial products, such as public fund-raising, fair money collection, trust, and private fund-raising. However, overall corporate fund-keeping has steadily increased, and according to the SAC data, the size of corporate stock plus mixed fund-raising as of the first quarter of 2023
41.1 billion yuan (+9.02 per cent) and the non-monetary market fund-raising amount of 43.3 billion yuan (+45.9 per cent) are ranked 10th in the securities industry and the highest in the industry. In addition, the company acquired the first personal eligibility to sell pension funds and officially opened its business in December, bringing in all 129 old-age public funds.
Gold. In 2023, market demand is expected to cool and financial product surrogate performance is expected to pick up. (2) The total size of the FAC fiduciary asset management is $284,752 million (-22.18 per cent), the size of the major public funds accounts for 89.77 per cent of the total, and the FCM has managed the returns on active equity investment for nearly seven years.
91.75 per cent, ranked second in the industry. At the same time, the Corporate Public Fund for Richming, as the lead fund manager, contributed 2,404 million yuan (-27.63 per cent) to corporate collections and net profits, respectively, and the size of the fund ' s management, which was 14.9 billion yuan, service clients, about 160,000, customer retention rate, 83 per cent, reinvested.
At 71%, the overall client is more sticky, and the country is still in the early stages of the Fund’s business development, and while maintaining its wealth management advantages, the company actively acquires a pilot license plate for innovative business, and 2022 is eligible for sale of individual pension funds and listed securities for market transactions.
The Division completes the distribution of its shareholdings to further enrich investment and wealth management development capital. 2023 In the context of economic recovery trends and the location of full registration systems, the corporate self-employment and wealth management industries are shown in figure 2 on total Eastern securities assets (billions of yuan).
Figure 3 Operating income and growth rate of Eastern securities Figure 4 Net profit and growth rate of Eastern securities Financial statements and financial indicators (billion yuan)
In the context of China’s shareholders, there are more in-depth studies on the synergies between the various financial practices of gold-controlled platforms, such as bond dealers, insurance, trusts, leasing, and investment in industry. In the absence and in the future, there will be no direct or indirect relevance to the specific recommendations or perspectives in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided to you only for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to others.