Non-Golden financial securities: Eastern securities report, 2022: improved financial management, rising scale of management Events: Eastern securities recently published 2022 annual reports, corporate collection
By the end of the reporting period, the company had a real operating income of $18,729 million, q1-q4 having earned operating income on a quarterly basis, with the impact that the previous three quarters did not cover the same period as in 2021, but with a year-on-year increase in the fourth quarter.
China’s Safe 2022 Annual Report Review: Growing Growth, Focusing on this Year’s Performance Stewardship - As part of a wealth management ecology, corporate funds are investing in cross-cutting growth.
2023/03/21 By the end of 2022, the Fund had invested in 13 portfolio strategies of approximately size.
14.9 billion yuan, approximately 160,000 clients, 83 per cent retention rate and 71 per cent recovery rate. Eastern securities report for 2022: improved financial management, rising size of management, and company's focus on institutional finance, establishing the Eastern Vision Agency for financial management.
The brand has become the first agency to focus on corporate-end fund sales, amounting to $7.5 billion. Eastern securities have now achieved ecological coverage of wealth management through agency sales of securities, sales of public goods, public fund-raising, institutional finance, and private wealth management.
The decline in the size of the capital is evident, and the warming of the market is expected to lead to a recovery of the scale. At the end of the reporting period, the total size of the Eastern Capital Manager's fiduciary asset management was 284,752 million yuan, down the same period - on the operational side, the Replenishment Fund achieved a net profit of 2.09 billion yuan, a decline of 36 per cent, and a profit concession.
The share of contributions was 69 per cent, of which the size of the non-monetary public fund for finance was $53,225 million, which is a slide of 14.84 per cent. In 2022, the net return of the funds and the increase in the foreclosures were affected by factors such as the decline in the size of the funds for credit management and enrichment in East Timor, but with the retirement of individuals this year.
With the combined impact of such factors as the location of the gold business, the accelerated expansion of public funds, the release of innovative products as esg, and improved eco-building in corporate wealth management, the size of the management is expected to rise rapidly, leading to an increase in the performance of the management business.
There has been a slight increase in the number of investments and a significant increase in the size of the bonds. At the end of the reporting period, corporate investment banking had achieved income of $1.733 billion, an increase of 1.67 per cent over the same period. In the area of stock underwriting, the total amount of financing/distribution in the Shanghai region in 2022 amounted to $528 trillion.
Second in the region. With the introduction of a series of stable economic growth policies in 2023, strong reforms in the registration system, influenced by factors such as a strategy of deep-farming in regions where companies continue to focus, investment in banking is expected to grow even more.
Overall, the return on investment and the size of the investments under the equity-owned portfolio is expected to improve on the same scale as income from operations such as asset management, and performance is back on track.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute an offer or an inquiry into the sale of the securities in question.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.