In terms of asset quality, the firm’s poor acceleration in liquidation in the fourth and first quarters, although the negative generation remains high, there are clear signs of marginal improvement with the company.
Increased efforts to write off and dispose of it, believing that in 19 years the Bank of Beijing will be able to shake off its historical inventory and stabilize its assets. Given that the Bank of Beijing values below industry average, we maintain an increased corporate rating.
The Beijing Bank increased its net profit by 9.5 per cent in the first quarter of 19 (compared with 6.8 per cent originally projected) over our expectations. This is a further significant increase over the 6.8 per cent increase in 2018. The company’s business income growth schedule for the first quarter of the year shows a year-round performance (vs’ growth rate in 2018 + 10.2 per cent), which we believe is mainly due to net interest income.
As a result of the impact of the introduction of the new accounting standards by the Bank of Beijing since the first quarter of 1919, some of the original interest income was transferred to investment earnings, the Bank of Beijing should increase its net interest income for the first quarter at a similar rate (12.4 per cent higher than that of the other quarter).
The same-year rate of income growth shifted from negative to positive (+4.5%) and positive to positive, with contribution performance. Deposit growth performance was strong, with asset structure optimization driving interest spreads, and bank deposits in Beijing grew well in the first quarter, with deposits increasing by 13.8% per cent, respectively, in total liabilities.
At the end of the period, Bank of Beijing and Bank of Beijing increased their asset size by 2.5 per cent, including 5.8 per cent in the loan scale, and the asset allocation further increased to the letter by 14 bp to 2.02 per cent in the four-quarter net interest margin of the Bank of Beijing based on the closing balance of the period.
The optimization of the production structure underpinned the Beijing Bank’s end-of-eight-year asset-end rate of return by 8bp, while the end-of-debt cost dropped by 7bp against a background of lower market interest rates, with net interest differentials driven by a combination of the two ends. Given the company’s over-expected growth in revenue in the first quarter, we expect Beijing to grow even further.
The bank ' s 1-quarter spread continued over a four-quarter period and remained slightly larger. By the end of the 18-year period, poor liquidity had increased, and future asset quality was expected to stabilize over time. By the end of the 18-year period, the bank ' s bad-rate ratio in Beijing had ranged from 23bp to 1.46 per cent, and was expected to be with individual businesses.
Client debt problems are related to a strict credit classification. By the end of the 18-year period, the non-performing bank lending rate in Beijing had fallen to 1.40 per cent and the ring ratio had fallen by 6 bp. We measured the company ' s unsound annualized rate of 2.0 per cent in the first quarter, compared with 3.72 per cent in the fourth quarter of 18 years.
We are also concerned that companies are increasing their efforts to dispose of bad assets in the fourth and first quarters of 18 years, at an all-time high (8.45 billion yuan and $6.23 billion, respectively). As a result of the write-off disposal, the Beijing bank has reduced the coverage ring by 3.40 percentage points to 214 percentage points.
In place, the pressure on the quality of the company’s assets will be eased on a seasonal basis, and the quality of assets will generally remain stable.In view of the fact that the Beijing Bank values were lower than industry averages in 19/20, Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. maintained an increased corporate rating.
Qualitatively qualified for portfolio investment consultancy, asset quality decline over expectations, financial regulation over expectations.
The Beijing Bank published its 18-year annual report and its 19-year-old quarterly report, with a 6.77 per cent/9.49 per cent increase in net profits on the same date as the first quarter of 2019.
The Beijing Bank increased its net profit by 9.5 per cent in the first quarter of the year in 19 (6.8 per cent of the original forecast), exceeding our expectations. The increase was even higher than the 6.8 per cent increase in the whole year in 2018. The company’s operating income increased significantly in the first quarter, rising by 23.8 per cent at the same low base level in 2018, and the increase in revenue was significantly better than in the entire 18 years (Vs 2018 growth + 10.2 per cent), which we believe is mainly due to net interest interest.
As a result of the impact of the new accounting standards introduced by the Bank of Beijing since the first quarter of 1919, some of the original interest income was credited to investment returns (which increased from 128 million to 1.71 billion years), the net interest income of the Bank of Beijing for the first quarter should be higher than the net interest income for the first quarter of the year compared to the level of book disclosure (12.4 per cent increase in net interest income for the other quarter).
The same-year increase was reversed by a negative shift (+4.5%) in the negative four consecutive quarters of 18 years of positive growth and positive contribution performance. Deposit growth performance was strong, with asset structure optimization driving interest differentials by a percentage point, rising by 3.3 percentage points to 61.6% of total liabilities, and corporate leverage pressure was relaxed.
A 2.5% increase in the ring of assets in the first quarter, with a 5.8% increase in the loan ring, and a further increase in asset allocation to credit, ranging from 1.5 percentage points to 49% of total assets. In terms of interest differential performance, we calculate the four-quarter net difference between the Beijing banks based on the end-of-period balance, an increase in the ring by 14 bp to 2.02%, and an improvement in the asset structure that supports the Beijing bank ' s end-of-eight-year increase in the yield ratio by 8 bp, with a negative impact.
Debt-end costs have fallen by 7bp, against a background of lower market interest rates, and the net-interest differentials driven by a combination of the two ends have further widened. While the first quarter’s net-rate differentials have been disturbed by the shift in accounting standards, given the company’s over-expected growth in revenue in the first quarter, we expect that the first quarter of the Beijing Bank will continue with its four-quarter spread and remain modestly wide.
At the end of the 18-year period, poor asset quality is expected to stabilize gradually in the future. By the end of the 18-year period, the Beijing negative bank ratio was between 23bp and 1.46 per cent, which is expected to be related to the debt of individual business clients and the strict credit classification. The ratio of loans/deficit loans over 90 days overdue at the end of the 18-year period was 92.3 per cent, a marked improvement over the end of 2018h (90 days overdue).
By the end of the quarter, the rate of non-performing bank loans in Beijing had fallen to 1.40%, and the ring had fallen by 6bp. We measured the company ' s annual negative rate of growth in the first quarter at 2.0%, which is clearly down from 3.72% in the fourth quarter of 1818. At the same time, we are closing hundreds of millions of yuan, a record high. As a result of write-off disposal, the Beijing bank has reduced its coverage by 3.40 to 214%.
18bp to 3.0%. Overall, the company is in the process of accelerated stock disposal, looking forward to 19 years, believing that, with the continued advancement of the country’s sound economic policies and progressive disposal of the stock load, the pressure on the quality of the company’s assets will be eased seasonally, the total asset quality of the assets is bright, the first quarter of Beijing’s profitable growth performance is bright, and the rapid increase in net interest income has led to higher than expected revenue growth, along with charges.
Quarterlys and 1-quarters of bad corporate clearances, although still high, show signs of marginal improvement, as companies increase their clearance and disposal efforts, believing that in 19 Beijing banks will be able to lose their historical stock loads and stabilize asset quality. We expect companies to average 2019-2020, with a marked improvement in revenue growth and a slowdown in future asset quality pressure, to maintain their corporate ratings.
As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to economic development. Macro-economic development affects the performance of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the performance of the banking sector’s assets. If the economy is expected to go below expectations, there is a risk of deterioration in the quality of the banking sector’s assets, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
Economic uncertainty, followed by much attention to the dynamics of the economy.2 Trade friction between China and the United States has further escalated. Trade friction between China and the United States has moved in the direction of uncertainty, further increasing investors’ pre-emergence towards the domestic economy.