Interest net earnings contributed to the growth of profitability, and attention was paid to the quality of the assets under pressure from the surge in migration rates. Events: Recently, the Beijing Bank issued its annual report 2018 and its quarterly report 2019, and the company achieved operating income of 55,488 million yuan in 2018 and the first quarter of 2019, respectively
Bank of Beijing (601169.sh) \triangleright non-interest-bearing income delays performance throughout the year, and net interest income contributes to higher profitability. Companies increased their revenue by 10.2% and 6.77% in 2018 as compared to net return profits.
Ping is on the downstream of the listed banks, and profits are rising. The continued contraction of corporate non-interest income, as a result of regulated policies and market environmental impacts, led to an overall increase in net interest income. Net corporate interest income rose by 45.552 billion yuan and 1,647 million yuan in the first quarter of 2018 and 2019, respectively, a year-on-year increase of 15.69 per cent and 12.4 per cent, respectively, which was higher than the overall growth in operating income. In 2018, corporate non-interest income decreased by 9.5 per cent.
Performance, however, was $5.331 billion in non-interest income in the first quarter of 2019, affected by last year’s low base, with a 58.9 per cent increase over the previous year. • The asset and liability structure was optimized, with a marked improvement in the net difference. The company’s total assets in the first quarter of 2018 and 2019 were $2,572.9 million and 2,637.5 million, respectively, a year-on-year increase \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
For the first time, the Bank of Beijing covers: assets of good quality, urban comptoirs of running stock, 2017.01.25 Debt end pressure. A significant improvement in the level of net interest differentials for companies was observed as a result of the improved monetary environment and the optimal structure of corporate assets and liabilities: the level of net interest differentials for companies in 2018
\triangleright \triangleright.
In 2018, the overall negative rate for companies was 1.46 per cent, and the negative rate rose by 23bp over the ring, mainly because of stock-related loan migration, which ranged from 8.77 per cent to 89.25 per cent at the end of 2017. At the end of the first quarter of 2019, the non-performing loan rate for banks in Beijing returned to " Improved Asset Liabilities Structure, Focusing on the Quality of Assets " .
This represents an increase of 108.2 per cent compared to the previous year, with the write-off being at an all-time high. As a result of write-off disposal, the Bank of Beijing ' s provision coverage in 2018 decreased by 45.06 percentage points to Sindha Securities Inc. \triangleright
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. House No. 1 of House 9 Stirling Street, Beijing City West Side, maintains the company's “upper” rating.
Risk factors: (a) the macroeconomic growth is not as fast as expected, affecting asset quality; (b) the cost is rising too fast to affect profit levels. (Comparation of industries) since July 2014, the financial sector has been in charge of research. (There is a multi-dimensional experience of international and domestic research, macro-strategy and industry.) There is frequent interaction with mainstream media, such as Xinhua.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.