The reason for the report is: annual reports, high-quality orders, q2 performance escort, over-expected performance in the first half of the year.
The impact of the epidemic has gradually diminished, and car sales have returned to warmer and stronger performances have recovered. 2020q1, public \triangleright received 11.67%, net profit returns to mothers decreased by 6.38% from year to year, but from April, the vehicle began to grow.
The city is gradually warming, especially high-end vehicles, joint-venture branding types of sales are overexpected, companies are deep-farming and brands, especially in the second quarter, where a large mass contribution has been made, companies have been able to upgrade their industries in the q2 phase, and technologically superior companies have expanded their advantages.
Market data: 18 August 2020, company with simultaneous design development capability. Current production of cross-cutting taillights, adb headlights, and a welcome taillight have been successfully developed.
Highest/minimum in the year: Increased value of products, which is conducive to further growth in profitability; Increased capacity + projects with a high degree of certainty of performance.
Market value (billions): Phase I has been completed and phase II is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2020; project construction in Serbian factories is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2021. At the project level, the company took over 18 vehicles in the first half of the year.
Lights development projects, batch production of 19 new models, and high-quality new projects provide strong security for the company’s future development.
There are a number of domestic and international car-making enterprises, such as the field, the Chang-Ammadha, the red flag, the sedan, the Jiri car, the Up-loaded Mitsubishi, the Hiroshima car, the Chiré car, etc. A sufficient number of projects and high-quality customers provide a high security margin for the company’s growth in its performance.
>As a leading company in the carlight industry, there is a clear technological advantage, and the upgrading of the lamp from halogen to led and adb will gradually raise the value of the bicycle and achieve a rapid increase in profits. > At the same time, the company’s cooperative clients are of high quality and are expected to gradually open up the luxury brand market.
It is also expected that brands, overseas markets will be phased out and corporate revenue will be further enhanced. Thus, the 28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, the capital of the public and the Taiwon, is projected to be $165.06, which is 51.09 and 41.10 times higher, respectively, in 2020 and 2021, maintaining a “increase” in prices.
Central Sea State 28 West City, Beijing, 7th floor, Shanxi Stock Company.
The company’s projects have not advanced as expected; the sales of the auxiliaries have fallen short of expectations; macroeconomic performance has continued; and the overseas epidemic has continued to spread.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.