Starwood shares (601799), car and car parts are available for consumption.
Events: The company realized 2,878 million revenues for 20h1, an increase of 6.32 per cent over the same period, and increased investment in R & D costs for the company. The balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period was 8.46 per cent ring growth for the company.
The second quarter has seen a gradual recovery in the car market, with a corresponding increase in the company’s revenue and a stronger correlation with the terminal. In the future, we are looking at the company’s continued increase in the share of the public in the air.
Star-woo shares (601799) "Sung-woo's "Rone Up" - boosted share of Japanese clients such as Hiro-Toyota, Toyota-Hinki; and public benefit from the full recovery of the second quarter of the company - 2020/07/14
The Division's plant in Serbia predicts that new projects will be operational in 2022, with the forward shipment of the stock of Stars (601799), the Pacific Automobile Camp, bringing 1 billion dollars in revenue and real international layout; if it is capable of producing,
The annual shares report and the quarterly reviews: Ming in the industry valley is fully loaded and has access to foreign headlamps, which are expected to bring about 2 billion dollars in revenue.
Star-woo shares (601799) Star-woos, 3-red-light market penetration: the company is in a good track in the industry. Led shares: through the valley again, performance continues to increase.
The lighting prevalence rate is increasing, and according to industry analysis, the global share of led lamps in 2019 - about 26 per cent in 2019/10/27, and the projected global share of led lamps in 2023 is 40 per cent, with a compound growth rate of 40 per cent.
11.3% of the halogen light is converted to a lid light, which will be about three times the value of the old one, and there will be much room for growth. Companies in this field will benefit, especially in the middle-end vehicle type, which now uses halogen lamps for the most part, and will benefit more from technological change.
Investment proposals: domestic front-loading companies, long-term good-looking led light penetration, cycling value enhancement; and companies with complete technological reserves, overseas market opening capacity, projected research institutes
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.