China's chemistry (60117.sh) architectural decorations/professional engineering The traditional master industry has gone up, the transformation infrastructure and environmental space are huge, and chemical engineering is leading the way to transformation:
Strongly recommended (higher rating) China ' s chemical physical control is the China Chemical Engineering Group Corporation, which covers construction, environmental management, technological development, surveying, design, construction and services.
In more than 50 countries and regions of the world, engineering and industrial performance in the field of traditional chemical and coal construction is the highest in the industry. Companies now tend to diversify their operations, with 46.540 billion yuan in new contracts signed in the first half of 2017, of which the chemical industry continues to dominate, with chemicals, petrochemicals, and coal-chemicals.
Since the end of June 2017, oil prices have continued to rise by more than 45 per cent, driving the rise in the prices of the chemical products used as feedstock, while the substitution effects of the coal industry have become apparent, so that the petrochemical and coalified industries have become more active.
In the first half of 2017, the transformational infrastructure and environmental protection that has opened the ceiling for growth in performance have also experienced a small rebound since 2017, when the company's new petrochemical industry signed a new contract for coal industry:
In August 2017, the company’s board of directors appointed Dai and Root as its chairman. Mr Dai and Mr. Ken were the leading CEO of China’s capital, and this capital-based senior executive alliance is expected to lead to the transformation of the company’s capital business.
Of the $500 million or more of the major orders announced in 2017, the cumulative contract value of the capital order was 69.77. It is expected that in the future, the newly established capital company will take on more capital works orders and contribute to robust performance. Moreover, in view of the changes in the order structure in recent years, the capital, environmental protection, and other areas of the order.
It is also 4.8%, with many business models beginning to show results. By looking at China’s transition path to China’s smelt, China’s chemistry is expected to further expand new monolithic orders and orders through transformational infrastructure and environmental operations.
A decline in performance, capital construction and overseas markets or business promotion Active restructuring of operations, reported steady growth of performance Exploitation of overseas orders and initial success of the transition
1. The lead in chemical engineering, the road to transformation, China Chemical Engineering Co. Ltd. (hereinafter “China Chemistry”) was established in September 2008 by China.