Forage industry leaders, increased concentration of beneficiary industries
Including: aquatic and animal feed, high-quality aquatic seedlings, animal health products and biological products, pig farming, etc., corporate aquatic feed is at the top of the global and domestic industry, and animal feed is at the top of the industry.
The impact of the decline in investment returns is that the net return on returns is increasing less rapidly than the income gains. In the income structure, businesses accounted for 16.08 per cent of the total value of the savings, except in 2016, when they were affected by floods in the aquaculture, livestock and livestock sectors, and were growing faster and showed a better growth rate; during the same period, the average share of roe was 16.08 per cent, with greater profitability.
Forage sales grew faster, and pig feed rates rebounded. In 2018, the company achieved 10.7 million tons of feed external sales, an increase of 26 per cent over the same period, with a faster overall increase of 3110,000 tons of water feed sales, an increase of 23 per cent over the same period; 2,32 million tons of pig feed was sold, an increase of 53 per cent over the same period; and poultry feed.
In the short term, the prices of raw pigs are already at the bottom of the tunnel, the incentives for feeders to feed will increase, the demand for the front is expected to rise and the Māori rate will rebound; in the medium term, the northern region is now more severely affected by the African pigpest, with more than 20 per cent degenerative capacity.
The company’s current feed layout, dominated by South China, is less affected, and the later company’s expansion of the northern region is expected to take advantage of the expansion of the new cycle of pig production and the high growth of pig feed operations. Industry intensification is a trend, with companies benefiting from increased concentration.
In the 1980s, the stock of feed was now the world's largest, but in recent years, feed production has stabilized, slowed down, advanced structural adjustment, increased competition, industrial integration, intensification, and reduced the number of feed companies from more than 10,000 between 2010 and 2015.
The sale of 10.7 million tons of feed, accounting for 4.7 per cent of the country’s feed production, has led to a much higher rate of upward and downward business growth, contributing to elastic performance. In recent years, companies have gradually increased their efforts in pig-breeding, aquaculture, poultry processing, mobile products, etc.
The area of business expansion, which now totals over 10 per cent of the above-mentioned new business, will gradually contribute to greater performance elasticity for companies.