23 April 2019: In recent days, the Big Sea Group published its 2018 report, and the company achieved business income of $4.2157 billion in 2018, an increase of 29.49 per cent over the previous year.
Big Sea Group (002311.sz) Forage mains have grown in a strong and dynamic manner. For 18 years, company feed business accounted for 95.87 per cent and Māori for 84.98 per cent, and it continued to boost company performance by 10.7 million tons, an increase of 26 per cent compared to the previous year; feed sales revenue of $34.965 billion, an increase of 31.77 per cent compared to the previous year; and Māori rates have fallen slightly, mainly from the same year.
The cost-side advantage of the company’s “centralized and regional” combination of raw material procurement and high-level feed formulation techniques has been counterproductive to the volatility of the company’s combined profitability as a result of the company’s adjustment to its feed product structure in response to changes in market demand.
Aquaculture: 18 years of company sales of 3110,000 tons of aqueous feed, a 23 per cent increase over the same period. 18 years of pre-aquaculture market performance has been high and low, and there has been a structural fragmentation of traditional aquaculture and special aquaculture, which has generally performed less than in the previous year, and downstream farming has had a direct impact on the willingness to plant and feed demand. Companies have responded to changes in the market environment by actively adjusting and optimizing the product structure and achieving steady growth, with 18 years of company sales of special aqueous feed increasing by nearly 40 per cent.
The company’s aquaculture production is expected to increase at a steady rate through sustained R & D inputs. Pigs: 232,000 tons of pig feed sold in 18 years, an increase of 53% compared to the industry average.
Clearly, the shift from cost-efficiency to disease prevention and control and bio-control has led to an accelerated increase in concentration and demand for feed in the pig farming industry.
Long-term Foundation 2018.10 " Steady Growth in Adversity, Showcasing the Expeditions " 2018.8. Stronger, more sticky clients in large-scale farming, a better acquisition of new customers, and a faster market share.
“The Three Treasures”, the Feed Masters grew by more than 30%, in addition to the rapid expansion of sales in the newly opened areas. We believe that the growth of corporate pig feed is expected to accelerate. Poultry: 5.27 million tons of poultry feed sold in 18 years, an increase of 19% compared to the 17 years of avian flu and environmental demolition.
\triangleright’s low position, pressure on feed demand, and an upturn in demand in the second half of the year have led to a recovery of demand for feed, with a higher average pressure on the poultry industry throughout the year. Companies have achieved steady growth in poultry based on a stronger product power and the advantage of farming services.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. has a steady growth of the dominant species, while the chicken species have grown by almost 40%, and the goose material has stupendously increased, making it a new point of growth for the company ' s poultry.
The company’s sales of poultry are expected to continue to grow steadily in the future. In Beijing, the 9th House of the City’s West Side in Beijing City, building 9th House, has created synergies and increased its seedling operations faster. The company’s dynamic insurance and seedling operations are now dominated by the aquaculture industry.
The company’s dynamic products have gained a stronger brand base through years of development, 18 years after the company initiated the construction of a aquatic plant in South-East Asia, and the future sale of such a plant will be a new light for the growth of its dynamic business. We believe that, benefiting from the further expansion of the market share of the company’s feed business, as well as the continued deposition and accumulation of dynamic and aquatic brands and research and development, it is expected that the company’s dynamic and seedling operations will continue to grow at a high rate.
The growth in farm production has accelerated and is expected to be a new growth in the company's performance. The company produced 700,000 pigs, an increase of 52% over the same year; about 200,000 of them were self-inflicted pigs and pigs, and about half a million were farmed in the “company-plus-farmer” model. In 2018, the company farm plate was in cost control, farming technology, and human resource storage. Three systems were already in existence, with more than 800 people working in the company farm at the end of the 18th year, an increase of nearly 80% over the same period.
The two-step extension, on the one hand, involves the renovation of pig farms to meet the highest standards of quarantine requirements, and, on the other hand, to speed up the process of building reserve land, prepare for its expansion and speed up investment. The company currently has about 20,000 acres of pig-growing land in Guangdong, Guangxi, Hunan, Hubei, Guizhou, and Shandong, which will be able to accommodate more than 200,000 female pigs (about 5 million fat pigs).
We maintain a “buy-in” rating for companies. Risk factors: the risk of weather anomalies and diseases affecting the feeding industry; the risk of large fluctuations in raw material prices; the risk of exchange rate fluctuations; and the risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
Liu Joo, Agricultural Research Assistant, Master of Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, Bachelor of Arts in Animal Sciences, China Agricultural University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for agricultural research.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is provided only to the specific client mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is publicly produced by a publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, or the securities or investments referred to in this report.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.