The company reviews the agro-forestry and fishing industry.
1. 18 years of robust growth, largely in line with expectations 34.965 billion RMB 4875 million and 1.742 billion RMB, respectively.
2) Forage business is growing rapidly, with pig feed performance particularly bright 18 years of sales of 10.7 million tons, i.e. + 26 per cent, of which the volume of aquatic/fowl/pig food sales is high and low, general aquatic products are showing a downward trend, and special aquatic products are increasing by 40 per cent over the year.
And the Māori rate is stable, and the company’s aquatic structure is further optimized. It benefits from a rebound in the meat market, an improvement in the company’s poultry-rich rate and an increase of nearly 40% in chicken, a new growth point for the geese, a better future, an increase in profitability. The company’s pigs are growing far above the industry average, and the central regional markets such as Guangdong and Hubei.
Growth of over 30%, rapid expansion of market sales over new openings, and high growth in corporate pig material. No growth can be expected in the future as pig prices move up and the company’s product power increases further. 3) Pigs grow out fast, reserves are sufficient in the future, and performance increases are expected to grow over time.
In 18 years, the company produced 700,000 pigs, an increase of 52% over the same year, of which self-reliance and the “company-plus-farmer” model stood at 2:5. In the long run, the company had a reserve of about 20,000 acres, enabling 200,000 pigs to grow, and 5 million pigs to grow.
We believe that the company has well-established vaccination standards and a prior awareness of the disease, so that the company will be able to produce pigs in the future. According to Boa and the news (2019.4.15).
The average price of pigs in some of the cities is currently 14.87 yuan per kilogram, which we consider to be mainly influenced by the policy and the annual consumption cycle. Looking at the price of pigs and the data on the stock of pigs in March, we believe that the price of pigs is either flat, or accelerated by the middle of q2, and that the company will benefit from the price of pigs.
All right, let's see future performance growth. Pig breeding continues, with the company growing at a high rate and growing at a high rate; at the same time, pigs benefit from higher prices and faster expansion in the corporate region and will continue to grow at a rapid rate in the future.
Situations. In the context of the persistence of the plague in Africa, there is a logic of substitute consumption in the meat and poultry market, compounding the risks of price volatility of raw materials, price volatility of live pigs, epidemic risk, policy risk, exchange rate waves.