There are millions of feed sales, and the head of the White Dragon is growing steadily.
Ten thousand tons, of which 3110,000 tons were sold in water products, representing an increase of 23 per cent over the same year, while sales structures continued to be optimized, with an increase of nearly 40 per cent in special species; 2,32 million tons were sold in pigs, an increase of 53 per cent over the same year; and the pig quality system was improving and the competitiveness of products was improving; and 5.27 million tons in poultry, an increase of 19 per cent over the same year.
Chicken, goose, as a new and fast-growing product, contributes to a remarkable increase. The African pigpest epidemic presents opportunities and challenges for companies: pigs, the epidemic is rampant, and the demand for feed quality, product safety, and a combination of pig farm biosafety and control services among farmers has increased dramatically, prompting the feed industry to move closer to one.
Head-to-head, although the pressure on the growth of corporate pig sales is high in the context of an overall decline in pigs, we believe that the market share and competitiveness of leading firms is expected to increase significantly; and poultry and aquatic materials, total equity/currenta shares (million shares)
The low price of pigs drags Māori through the cycle. The Māori rate for the feed business of the company is significantly lower than in the previous reporting period, and the increase in the sale of pig food has been faster, so the decline in the Māori rate drags the overall Māori for the feed plate.
In order to address the impact of price cycle fluctuations, companies promote the co-development of feeder varieties and the optimization of product structures, on the one hand, and, on the other hand, through the procurement of raw materials, formulations, research, efficient management of product strength and improvement of product quality and operational efficiency, on the other hand.
The company’s initiatives to expand the share of special aquaculture sales and optimize the power of poultry products have helped to counteract some of the adverse effects of low prices for end-products.
This compares with a 52% increase, of which about 200,000 are self-sufficient, and the remaining half a million are “company-plus-farming” models. Many of the company’s pig farms were under construction at the time of the outbreak, and major modifications were made to the original design to meet the new requirements of the epidemic and to ensure that the pig farms, vaccinations, and personnel were adequately stocked.
In 18 years, it is expected that there will be a loss of between 30 million and 50 million dollars in pig farming operations, and a profit forecast and investment rating: we appreciate the company’s product power and management advantages as a feed pole, and we report on the three-quarterly review of the Big Sea Group (002311) 2018:
And so on, for example, the impact of the African pigpest epidemic.
4 Quarterly Performance Prediction Point for the Sea Group (002311), The Source of the East's Financial Powerful Sea Group (002311); Forage sales are down by 10 million and white horse heads are growing steadily.
Monvisho Benko graduated from China Agricultural University and Master of Arts from South New Hampshire University.
Research assistant profile, Xian Poetry Month.
A Master of Finance, University of Maryland, United States, joined East Hing Securities in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry.
From the east, the source of wealth and wisdom, the Sea Group (002311); forage sales in the millions, the White Dragon Head is growing steadily.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.