Pyrochemicals (002493.sz) Stabilized performance growth, limited impact of high oil prices, petrochemicals, refining and trade
Operating income of $68,601 million, +98.38 per cent, and net return to the mother of $3,316 million, +18.85 per cent. Corporate performance was largely in line with our expectations, with the company performing well overall in 2021, carbide-led high performance growth, and phase two projects phased in.
From the rise in the performance of subsidiary petrochemicals in the chemical landscape cycle, petrochemicals achieved operating revenues of $117.5 billion in 2021, i.e. +81 per cent in comparison with 81 per cent in comparison with 81 per cent in comparison with 81 per cent in comparison with 22.3 billion in return for the net return of mothers, i.e. 99 per cent in comparison with 99 per cent. The company issued a full commissioning announcement at the beginning of the year for the second phase of petrochemicals, i.e. the second phase of refined oils, aromatic hydrocarbons, ethylenes and downstream chemicals.
Ten thousand tonnes/year of ethylene production capacity, with further increases in the rate, abundance and value added of the chemical products. It is estimated that petrochemicals achieved a net profit of about 5 billion in the first quarter of 2022, with sustained production-led performance of the second phase. Polyester chains perform poorly in the short term, but are expected to recover in the medium to long term.
Quarterly, as a result of the Russian war, the price of crude oil has increased over a short period of time, with profits from compressed polyester chains, especially where polyesters have suffered more from higher upstream costs and lower downstream demand being contained by the epidemic. We believe that the pressure on high oil prices is gradually easing, and that the short term is affected by the epidemic, which has led to a long-term windfall.
In the medium-to-long term, however, the global economic recovery trend is clear, and downstream demand will continue to warm. Since March, the domestic market has been warming, and the price of pre-luminous pre-voltaic materials has reached 30,000 yuan per tonne, taking into account the optimistic demand for additional photovoltaic installed capacity.
High-end light voltage supply and demand patterns have increased further, and we believe that the industry is still in a high weather cycle in two years, that it is difficult to meet high demand-side growth with new domestic production capacity, and that high-end light voltage is in a state of supply and demand. We also see that the price increase in the industry has been higher than expected since this year, considering that
While the country’s major new production capacity has been released this year, demand in the photovoltaic sector continues to rise significantly, we, Pyrochemicals-002493 – Critical Events Rapid Review: Pyrochemicals II Full Production, Developments, and Keep In mind that the price of eva will continue to rise in the future.
The three-quarterly review of Pyrochemicals - 002493 - 2021: Performance meets expectations, Pyrochemicals: Pyrochemicals - 002493 - 2021 mid-point evaluation: Pyrochemicals: Overperformance in the first quarter of 2022, +75.46% compared to RMB 68.601 billion, +98.38% compared to RMB 98.38%;
Corporate performance has been excellent overall, with performance growth likely to be somewhat constrained in 2022 under the influence of high oil prices, changes in the company polyester chain in 2021, increases in px and downstream polyester profits, but sharp declines in pta earnings.
Polyester chain profits, especially polyesters, are severely damaged when upstream costs rise and downstream demand is contained by the epidemic. We believe that high oil prices are gradually easing, being affected by the epidemic in the short term, decausing long-silent profitability, but in the medium and long term, global economic recovery trends are clear, and downstream demand will be expected.
Figure 5: Pony price-to-price differential (MB/T, JT/T) Figure 6: Fdy price-to-price differential (MB/T) Figure 7: Dty price-to-price differential (MB/T)
Figure 8: Days of inventory (days) The domestic market has been warming since March, while the rise in the price of crude oil has contributed to the increase in the prices of ethylene, acetic acid, raw materials, and, according to the Mukawa Yuzu, the prices of domestic eva manufacturers have continued to rise this week and are now in China.
The price of domestic bubbles in the Eastern region is about 25,500 yuan/tonne, the price of cable is about 28,500 yuan/tonne, the price of photovoltaics is about 30,000 yuan/tonne, which has increased since this year by about 5,000 yuan/tonne, and the price of creative information is now estimated at about 11,000 yuan/tonne before taxes in the industry.
The process is complex and technologically monopolistic, and the eva devices run from driving to producing high-end photovoltaics typically for 2-3 years, with only a handful of firms in the country with over 70% dependence on imports. Given that in 2022 tonnes, the global demand for photovoltaics could reach more than 1.5 million tonnes in 2025, the high-end photovoltaics supply and demand is strained.
The Bureau is further exacerbated by the fact that we believe that during the two years the industry is still in a high-growth cycle, that it is difficult to meet high demand-side growth with new domestic production capacity, that the high-end light voltage is in a state of oversupply, and that we see that the price increase in the industry has been higher than expected since this year, taking into account the fact that the major new domestic production capacity has been released this year.
At the same time, demand in the photovoltaic sector continues to rise significantly, and we appreciate the fact that prices continue to rise in the future.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject