:: Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 26 April, Eon Seon Seok ' s annual report 2021 and company revenue in 2021
• A steady growth in performance, increased profits contributed by the ZP project, steady growth in year-round performance, and gradual implementation of the ZP2 project.
Partial profits of $11,371 million, with a net profit of 88.67 per cent. The significant increase in zolpidem performance is mainly due to the partial installation of the second phase of the full year ' s performance. In addition, the full capital of the company achieved a net profit of $1,244 million, an increase of 1399 per cent, compared with the net profit.
9.7 per cent of the significant growth in performance was mainly due to the expansion of the middle-grade petrochemical pta. Companies increased their profitability in response to market fluctuations. Māori sales in 2021 were 26.51 per cent, an increase of 6.8 percentage points from the previous year; net interest rates were 13.36 per cent, an increase from the previous year.
This reflects both the increased profitability of corporate product optimization and the firm’s resilience in a volatile market environment. The firm’s three costs have declined steadily, its R & D inputs have continued to increase its support for the company’s new product development.
According to the plate, petrochemical plate yields $141,546 million, an increase of 72.14 per cent over the same year, gross crude oil prices are high and refining prices are low. In the first quarter of 2022, in the context of local conflicts, uncertainty about crude oil supply increased, with international crude oil prices rising by 32 per cent since the beginning of the year.
By April 1, $104.39 per barrel, a decade high. With high oil prices, global refining companies are under pressure, the price of finished oil cracks are falling, and the main refinery has reduced the start-up rate. Under repeated local epidemics, the demand for chemicals downstream is low, and the price of refining is reduced.
Narrow. 22 q1 pta-px, polyester-pta-meg, px-cerebral oil, ethylene-ethylene, styrene-pure styrene, hdpe-ethylene, acrylonitrile-propylene, eva-ethylene-acetic acid ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene
Chestification currently has 40 million tons of refined oil, 8 million tons of px, 2.8 million tons of ethylene, including a second phase of 20 million tonnes/year of refined oil, 6.6 million tonnes/year of aromatic hydrocarbons and 1.4 million tonnes/year of ethylene production.
In mid-January 2022, full-blown test vehicles were put in place. In 2021, the company increased its fixed assets by $37,342 million, or only 12.45 per cent, and ZP-2 is expected to contribute to full production and performance growth in 2022. ZP has the largest private refining capacity in the country, in the areas of refining oil, refining, pta, polyesters.
There are both size advantages and integration cost advantages, oilification is a leader in the refining industry, with 58.5% chemical products, allowing for flexible adjustment of product structures to different market environments.
Based on the advantages of its big chemical feedstock platform and the accumulation of years of research and development, the company further extended to the new material industry chain with a high value added functional film, new energy chemicals, high performance, a single-driving success on the 22nd of December 2021 and a smooth photovoltaic phase.
The company has 200,000 tonnes/year of dimethyl carbonate (dmc) production capacity, which is mainly supported by company pc installations, followed by planning for an additional 200,000 tonnes/year of capacity, which is sold mainly to customers of lithium-grade electrolytic fluids, and the quality of the product meets battery-grade standards.
The membrane products project was well under way, with Insein Technologies, a subsidiary with eight lines of production totalling 250,000 tons of Bopet, and the company will further upgrade to high-end functional membrane products in the future.
Large capital expenditures extend to downstream industrial chains, increasing product abundance, differentiation, and value addition, and provide incentives for corporate development. We expect that the second phase of zolpidem will lead to greater profits for companies using legally compliant information, and that this report will be produced independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report will come from open information in the market, and I will do so.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.