Events 1: April 25, 2022, Emeritus published the 2021 annual report, 2021, Company Emeritus (002493.sz)
Chen Sook-hyun, cfa incident 2: April 28, 2022, Eon Seok-seok issued the first quarter report for 2022. In the first quarter, the company achieved an operating income of $68,601 million, an increase of 98.38% compared to 98.38% in relation to the ring.
43.92 per cent; net return to mother ' s profit of 3,116 million yuan, an increase of 18.85 per cent in the same year and 15.33 per cent in the ring; high price of petrochemical products, with a steady increase in profits throughout the year. \triangleright, 2021, the global new coronary pneumonia epidemic
Still, China’s disease prevention and control efforts have been remarkable, the economy has continued to improve, and the demand for petrochemical products has re-heated. International oil prices have gone up, with an average annual price of $71 per barrel of crude oil in 2021, 63.8% more than in the previous year, and the cost side has been strong.
In the reporting period, the refining plate was the main contributor to the company ' s performance, and the Māori value of the company ' s refined oil products was expected to increase 2021.10.27.
Quarterly, influenced by oil prices, the impact of coal fluctuations on product prices, and energy consumption-controlled policies, industry pressure has increased downwards, and companies have seen a steady increase in their performance in the fourth quarter of the year compared with the 22q1 net profit ring, with a narrowing of refining prices. In the first quarter of 2022, international oil prices as a whole were reduced.
Up in the row, the average price of brent crude oil is $98 per barrel, compared to +59.7 per cent, and the ring ratio + 22.5 per cent. The cost side is strong, and petrochemical products are rising. From the downstream of refining, the average price differential (excluding taxes) for the market of 22q1 bottle slices /poy/fdy/dty is 1573.52, 1110.54,
1379.22, 2476.08 ton, with the exception of bottle-grade slices, the price difference for long wires is somewhat narrower than it was in 2021. Short-term demand for pta has fallen as a result of the domestic epidemic, and the average price difference for pta processing has dropped to $394.24 per ton.
Sinda Securities Co., Ltd., Ltd. drops by 4.07 percentage points and the ring drops by 5.15 percentage points.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing, achieved a high rate of growth, mainly as a result of the full commissioning of the second phase of ZP2 in January 2022, which resulted in the refining of the entire industrial chain to enhance the value added of the product.
On 12 January 2022, the company issued an announcement stating that the controlling subsidiary Zhejiang Petroleum Chemical Co. Ltd. had 40 million tons/year of refining integration projects (II).
Oil refining, aromatic hydrocarbons, ethylenes and downstream chemical engineering devices have been fully loaded and tested for full flow. Project II was launched with the addition of 20 million tonnes/year refining capacity, 6.6 million tonnes/year aromatic hydrocarbons and 1.4 million tonnes/year ethylene production capacity, which, on the one hand, has contributed to the improvement of domestic aromatic hydrocarbons andene production capacity.
The level of technology and self-sufficiency in the production of hydrocarbons and downstream chemicals ensures a secure supply chain for the relevant domestic industries; on the other hand, there is sufficient material security and space for companies to further develop new downstream, high-value-added materials and fine industries in the future.
\triangleright II shows a significant increase in the rate, abundance and value added of chemicals compared to phase II, such as:
Ethylene covers products such as low densities, high densities and linear low densities, and more market-tight products such as eva, polycarbonate esters, butadiene, which have increased their utilization and added value.
The project was launched, with 6 million tonnes/year pta/year in Ningbo, 200,000 tonnes/year in gold petrochemicals, and the construction of Xiao Hein Seong Seong's technology optical film and photovoltaic back sheet film.
At the same time, the new petrochemical materials project and several new materials park projects are actively under way. The benefits of the project are expected to be released gradually in 2022-2024, with the success of the petrochemicals.
Long-term certainty. On April 29, 2022, a report was approved on energy efficiency in a joint device for the structural optimization of acetylonitrile in a petrochemical phase II. The project built up a new 260,000 tonnes/year acetylene device, 90,000 tonnes/year amma device and 360,000 tonnes/year using an infrastructure and 2nd phase of excess material from a petrochemical phase.
Sulphur-acid devices that further extend down the company's refining industry chain, enrich product structure, lower cycle, national double carbon policy is frequent and accelerates the process of winning and losing the refining industry. Recently, the Central and State Councils of China have issued a report on the complete and accurate implementation of new development concepts for carbon neutralization and work in carbon peaks.
Opinions, State Department, Circular on the publication of the action programme for carbon peaks by 2030 (National Development Report, No. 23), National Development Reform Commission, Selected Opinions on Stringent Energy Efficiency Constraints to Promote Carbon Reduction in Priority Areas, and Strict Energy Efficiency Conservancy in Focused Chemical Industries
The Action Plan for Energy Conservation and Carbon Reduction (2021-2025) promotes carbon peaks in the petrochemical sector, strictly controls additional refining capacity and, by 2025, a single processing capacity in the country will be in the range of 1 billion tons, increasing the capacity utilization of the main product requirement to more than 80%.
The slag oil-hydrogen process enhances the slag oil conversion capacity and achieves efficient use of fossil fuels, while netting CO2 into raw material synthesis, reducing carbon dioxide emissions by 120,000 tons per year. The company is committed to a green low-carbon transformation, focusing on carbon dioxide capture and capture.
High-value-added use, nylon 66 industrial chain technology, volcs governance technology”, and active deployment Green projects: Hainan Food-grade Regenerative Polyester Bottles project, China-Golden Project for Manganese De-Elimination, Insein Technology photo-voltaic slab membrane, etc.
The competitiveness of petrochemicals in China’s refining industry is further enhanced. Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the company to return to its net profits in 2022-2024, respectively \triangleright
To sustain the benefits from the development of new chemical materials on the “big chemical” platform, we maintain a corporate “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: the risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; and the need to recover less than expected;
The risk of excess refining capacity; the risk of less than expected completion of the petrochemical phase II project; the risk of less than expected progress in the construction of the company’s construction project; the risk of slow recovery of profits from downstream products; the B.A. in Economics and the Master’s degree in Western Economics at the Institute; joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017, mainly responsible for crude oil prices, oil fields
Industrial chain studies, such as mining, oil processing, refining polyesters, and investment appraisals for the petrochemical projects of the Chinese firm Sindha Asset Management Corporation. 2021 The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical observations or observations in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.