Stereotyping: Aromatic Aromatic Integration Giant Uplifting Aromatic Aromatic Integration Consumptions (600346.sh)
Chu Xiaofeng, the Helium shares are dedicated to the development and marketing of fibre products and to the production and sale of steam, electricity, and are the only ones in the country with the highest production technology and production capacity in the country.
Companies that produce less than 10d products.
Polyester products are market-oriented, leading profit-making industries Long silk products are the traditional business of constant shares, mainly producing high-value-added fdy products. Currently, higher-profit fdys are less invested and can predict future fdy demand.
In addition, innovation in product production and marketing mechanisms ensures that firms respond quickly to market demand and increase their ability to negotiate. From an industry perspective, the fibre optics industry is in a hot state, and the demand for downstream textiles is stable at the same time that production is slowing down.
The corporate asset injection, the listed company owns the world’s largest single-manufacturing pta plant, and the helium petrochemicals are the world’s largest single-manufactured pta plant, with an existing capacity of 32.2 million tons.
The pta industry is also warming, and, in the context of supply-side reforms, pta's off-productivity is advancing, and small and medium-sized devices, with less competitive production, can be phased out. The pta price is historically low, and there is still much room for profit. In 2017, a number of factories in the country and abroad were facing installation inspections.
Pta is expected to follow its lead in increasing numbers, applying new technologies, with significant cost advantages, and producing 4.5 million aromatic hydrocarbons per year after the construction of the 20 million tonnes/year refining integration project for the largest aromatic hydrocarbon enterprise.
Co-ordinated production of pta-based benzene, “Camp price rise + g20” contribution, for products such as tritium stock (601233) cycle reversals, prices of tons and diesel gas and aviation kerosene
It would have been possible to achieve self-sufficiency, reduce the middle of external purchases of benzene and reduce the cost of procurement.
Longsleeves is expected to provide an improved pattern of imports as a result of the boom of supply-side reforms and the rise of private refining giants. Investment advice: assuming that the company's assets are injected to completion, without consideration of the equity of the accompanying financing, according to the company.
The pta sector is expected to come to the corner - one of the reports on the supply side reform of petrochemical industries. Risk factors: price shocks of long-line detergents, fluctuations in oil prices, less than expected increases.
Drivers, key assumptions and major projections: 1, Reverse in the elixir industry: Pony, dty, year-round rise by the end of 2016, as the price of fibre-optic products fell to a low point and started rebounding in early 2016, influenced by a zeropec cut in production, resulting in a major increase in international oil prices and a polyester union meeting, etc.
Nearly 50%; the price gap with raw materials has also been widening, with a profit increase of $721/tonne by year end, which is close to 5600%.2 The refining industry landscape: the oil refining industry continued to be high in 2016. According to data published by the National Statistical Office, the oil processing industry’s business climate index continued to rise in 2016 and was about to break 100, reflecting the industry’s state of affairs.
In addition, according to data released by eia, the rate of global refinery start-up in 2016 is recovering from a shock. In the weather cycle, these years are the gold period of the refinery. We have a different view from the market:
1. The company’s long-line business has a clear advantage: constant-stocked civil wires, industrial silk capabilities are among the top three in the country, leading by a combination of power. And the company’s high production skills, especially in the high-end civil silk sector, are far more advanced than its peers, its products are subject to bargaining power, and stable customer sources guarantee sales.
2 pta still has a large margin of profit: constant has the most global single-manufacturing pta plant, hemospheric petrochemicals are the main biopta, with an existing capacity of 32.2 million tons. Prices also warmed back in 2016, rising by about 22% at the beginning of the year, but still at lower historical levels; year-end price differentials with raw materials px rose to about $800 per tonne.
In the future, the company will benefit from pta’s warming needs. Equity and resilience smelt 100% of equity and raised matching funds, net of which will be used for “sweet smelting” implemented by silicon.
After the project is completed, the constant refining product will be based on gasoline, light oil, and px products with high value added and market demand. The consistent refining project has considerable policy support, process technology, integration, and product synergies to increase the corporate economy in the larger context of the industrial refining landscape.
4. Building the largest aromatic industry, with the advantage of integration: perseverance actively builds itself into the largest aromatic enterprise, with the advantage of size and cost. The advantage of resilience is also evident under the tide of large-scale installations.
Px is largely self-sufficient and reduces procurement costs; after trade, constant refining can supply raw materials directly to the Heliumlites in the plant area, reduce the cost of purchasing transport, refining operations into a complete industrial chain of “arocarbons - pta - polyesters - civil and industrial wires” and increase the stability of the operations of listed companies.
Assuming that the company’s assets are injected in full, without taking into account the equity of the supporting financing, the net profits of the constant shares in 2017 and 2018 will be at least $1.667 billion and $2,042 billion, respectively, depending on the company’s performance commitments. The price of pss 0.37/shares, respectively, continues upwards: pta still has a large margin of profit: the company has set up and perfects the whole chain.
The price of the elixir was shaken and the price of oil fluctuated, making less progress than expected. First, it was strong, and the polyester fibre industry was a leading player in the industry, and it performed well.
Founded in 1994, Chen Jianhua started the business process with $3.69 million. In 2002, Jiangsu Heung Li Gynaecology Co. Ltd. was officially inaugurated, and the Heung Gynaecology Group became the largest weave enterprise in the industry.
In 2015, the group already owned the world’s largest single plant, with 6.6 million tons per year, and officially moved into oil refining. The Heath group focused on the common development of major industries and other businesses, working towards the creation of an international enterprise based on four major plates: petrochemical, polyester-new materials, real estate and knitting, thermal power, machinery, finance, hotels, etc.
In 2016, the Helium Group sold $251.6 billion, with 65,000 employees, to the eighth largest private company in China, to the fifth largest private company in China, to the sixth largest in China, and to the twenty-first in China ' s manufacturing industry, and to the fifth year in a row, to the top 50 percent of the economic benefits of China ' s long filamental industries. The Group had a pta capacity of 6.6 million tons per year, a polyester capacity of 2.5 million tons per year, and a civil wire of 1.4 million tons (of which)
In terms of equipment, the group has 12,000 self-researched water and jet sprayers, 8,500 multipliers, and their accessories. In 2016, operations such as the Group ' s optics and plastics were listed on the front line. In 2015, the group ' s members were listed on a new three-board board. The Helium group is accelerating the roll-out of the group as a whole.
Figure 2: Helium Group sales for 2012-2016 (billions of dollars). Helium shares are the world’s largest hyperlight and industrial silk production base, capital-rich and technologically advanced.
In 2002, the registered capital amounted to $2.208 billion, formerly Jiangsu Heungle Fibres Co. Ltd., a nuclear heart enterprise under the banner of the Heath Group. The company has introduced 1 million tons of direct cycling polyesters (of which 800,000 tons are used for civil fumes and 200,000 tons for industrial scrubbers) of the German company Gemma, and over 200 tmt-plus machines in Bammag, Germany.
Listed companies, one of the country’s largest and most technologically advanced manufacturers of long-silver, scrubber industry, have been at the forefront in the country and have been involved in the development of product standards in a number of countries. In 2011, companies affiliated with listed companies won the National Science and Technology Advancement Award awarded by the China Chemical Fibre Industries Association and the State Council;
In 2013, hemorrhaging fibres were identified as the top priority of the national torch program, and were awarded the Jiangsu branded the Jiangsu brand. In 2014, hemorrhaging fibres were awarded the China Energy Efficiency Star Award by the National Energy Conservation Centre.
The company’s main product is the scavenging civil fdy, dty, and the scavenging industry’s long-range production.
Enterprises such as textile clothing, domestic clothing, industrial textiles, electronic printing packaging, and electronic manufacturing of auto mechanics.
In the broader context, consistent shares were the first fiscal year in which the re-marketing was achieved, with a high rate of growth in net profits. According to the 2016 annual report, listed companies achieved business income of $19,240 million, an increase of 4.0 per cent in 2016; and according to the 2016 report, they achieved a 4.0 per cent increase in turnover and output in each of the company’s main business portfolios.
(ii) Rolling into the market with big oaks, capital markets, and stockholdings with big oaks in March 2016, financing the market with the former listed company owner for rubber generics and plastic-processing products. In September 2015, the company put in full assets and liabilities through a major asset reorganization, issued shares and raised funds
In April of the same year, after a two-year consecutive loss in the year 14-15 due to large rubber plastics, the firm was advised of the risk of stock withdrawal and “st” “st” was withheld, and the securities were changed from the st-coupled to the permanent stock.
In July 2016, the company acquired 75% of the business’s shareholding in Camp Confoil, extending the product line to the Bopet film and pbt resin. The company’s main business was to change from a rubber machine to a better-looking industry-based business of detergent fibres and heat and electricity.
The Division has two pbt production lines, each producing 80,000 tons per year; seven production lines, b0pet, are already in production. In 2015, it is worth hundreds of millions of dollars. But since the fourth quarter of 2016, as a result of the industry ' s overall supply and demand pattern, product prices have been gradually warming, and it is expected that Quantuestone will further expand its downstream customers, optimize its product structure and build itself with its technological and industrial advantages.
(iii) Acquisition of a refining enterprise to inject the petrochemical business. On 25 January 2017, a fixed increase report was issued on the shareholdings to purchase 100 per cent of the share capital and 100 per cent of the share capital to be invested in it and to issue a share price of $6.85 per share. Under the Profit Compensation Agreement, Van Honghein and Henaga committed to invest.
After this transaction, the Stewardship Group and the Uniting Actors held 84.3% of the shares, the shares were more concentrated, and the husband and wife of Chen Jianhua (the President and the President of the Stewardship Group) remained the company’s actual controller.
The deal is to buy 100% of the constant investment stock and 100% of the constant interest interest in the Shenzhen steel trade from Fan Hongwei and Heng Feng, and 100% and 100% of the constant equity share in the constant investment stock, namely, the constant petrochemicals, the constant concrete, and the permanent reserve, respectively, 99.83%, 100% and 100%, and the constant petrochemicals, the constant strength of the investment flag.
All three subsidiaries of maritime transport and Helium petrochemicals (Hong Kong) will be fully owned by all of their subsidiaries, and upon completion of the trade, they will be fully-owned by their investment in and refining of their capacity, and all their subsidiaries under their banners.II. Polyester products will be market-oriented R & D, leading by profit levels.
(i) The diversity of silk products, with a cut-off area with a monopoly on dialogue, the high technology of companies and a stable source of customer security for the sale of products. The permanent stock of civil silk and industrial silk production are among the top three in the country and the combined power is in the vanguard.
The company is well ahead of its technical standards, and unlike other companies, which mainly produce more than 1,000 low-priced products, it has a strong propensity to produce 20d-100d products with a high value added, of which less than 50d produces a quarter of the total product, and it is now only able to produce less than 10d products in the country, while 7d products are produced exclusively, and in the field of extravagants, more than a quarter of the total product is produced.
In terms of capacity, the constant share is 2.2 million tons of annual aggregate capacity, 1.5 million tons of annual production capacity for long-silent civilian wiring, and 300,000 tons in the industry and Yufgos, or about 13% of the total capacity of the industry.
Figure 12: The share of industrial silk energy in the production and sale of corporate products is higher. Of these, the production and sale rate of industrial silk reached 95 per cent in the first half of 2015, the annual production and sale rate of scrubbers continued to be above 95 per cent, sales were stable, inventory costs were low and premium capabilities were prominent.
(ii) Longline products have a unique strategy, market competition has prevailed. Companies have actively innovated, focused on product R & D, and differentiated production achieves a profit lead. In the elixir industry, most manufacturers have resorted to a strategy of lowering prices to increase sales and thereby make profits, while consistent shares have not always pursued productive capacity, through
Innovative products, improved production technologies, restructuring of production, high-value-added net products based on market demand, with profits leading the industry. In addition, unlike other manufacturers, the civil silk product structure is dominated by fdy, with 73% of the product and 10% of the market share, ranking first in the country.
During the first half of 2016, corporate profits increased by 22.5% over the same period in the previous year, and the gross profit rate increased by 5.38% to 5.38% over the same period.
Compared to other products, Fdy is more demanding than technology, and the value added of the product is higher. There is a production research and development team of 700 people, with research and development capabilities at the forefront of the industry, and some of the technologies are even at the top of the international lead. Currently, only constant domestic capacity is able to produce less than 10 d.Fdy, with the most fine product 7d. Fdy is full stretching silk, soft and soft, and more intense.
High and even-coloured, typically used to manufacture high-end clothing, higher rates of Maori, more profitable than other companies, with less than 40% of product structure for the following products: 62% for the hesitancy stock, near exclusive high-end people, high-end market (fdy production) and higher profits for the monolith.
High-grade (high-value added). Product structure is dominated by production of Fdy, which has the slowest pace of expansion and a higher level of profitability than the other two technological lines, and is concentrated in high-end markets, where product pricing is generally 300-1,000 yuan/tonne higher than in the same industry.
The profits increased rapidly. Prior to that time, they were mainly due to higher costs of polyester raw materials, but by the end of the year there was a sudden increase in the profit margin of the product. This was mainly due to low stocks, which had a 2.5-day inventory cycle at the end of 2016, reaching the lowest point in recent years, with some plants even in a negative stock position.
Of the tons of capacity, Poy is estimated to be 850,000 tons, while Fdy's only 200,000 tons is added, which means that the new production capacity of Fdy is in the middle of an emptiness that will help the product continue to work well. Fdy products are facing both low production capacity and low inventory benefits, and the advantage of a constant share will be added to the Galactic Securities Research Department of China.
The marketing strategy is unique and customized to meet market demands. Steward groups are gradually starting to adjust the product structure, avoiding “roads” or stocks of conventional varieties and following a custom-based order-based route. Customization guarantees the product's uniqueness and technical specialization, as opposed to the market, and avoids homogeneity.
The order rate is over 75%. Customized services ensure that companies are close to the market, directly match demand, and also reduce inventory costs. (iii) The polyester sector is showing signs of recovery and demand stability reverses.
Unlike previous years’ low-intensity downwards, the year-end booms in the oil price boom and the polyester union meeting triggered by the Oec cut-off agreement. Most products experienced an average price increase of more than 20% a year, with prices rising by nearly 50%, for example, by poy and dty.
In 2016, international crude oil prices rose from low to low, with cost support for longline prices, with a significant upward effect on corporate profits. As the oec production reduction process progresses, oil is becoming more profitable.
In the long run, the progressive phase-out of the OEC process has brought about positive changes on the supply side. With the expected improvement in global economic growth, the price of crude oil will gradually rise over $60-65 per barrel in the future.
Prices of materials and polyesters are very high. Prices of the polyester products in question are similar to those of crude oil. It can be expected that future price increases will also continue to have an impact on the price of long wire scrubbers.
The overall activity in the textile industry has been on the rise since the second half of 2016. As can be seen from the Cor Bridge Textile General Gas Index, the downstream textile landscape recovered significantly in 2016, particularly in the second half of the year.
In terms of production, in December 2016, weaving plants opened at an overall rate higher than in the same period in 2015, with a rate of more than 60 per cent and a rate of over 80 per cent and above at 92 per cent, with about 57 per cent of them operating at full capacity.
In January-October 2016, exports of various products from the long leachate increased over the same period in the previous year, with the largest share of exports from dty increasing by 19% over the previous year, and the largest increase from Poy, reaching close to 50%. With steady growth in the textile industry downstream, a favourable difference in cotton scrubber prices will further stimulate the growth of demand for the long lil.
The price difference between cotton and the price of the price of the line has returned to a relatively high level before the year-end rises. The difference between the price of the price of the purge in February 17 was around $6,700, and maintaining the high price of the purge will further boost the demand for the pine line.
In the short term, lower short-term demand helped to maintain long-line prices. The rise in the second half of 2016 led to a drive to buy downstream plants.
On the other hand, downstream factories have the courage to prep high prices at a time when the price of long wires has risen, reflecting the idea that the market for long wires will rise even further in 2017. Meanwhile, downstream factories have accumulated high-priced raw materials, which, if prices fall too fast, will severely undermine downstream confidence.
According to the current supply cycle for raw materials for downstream weavers, only a few have stock levels of less than seven days, some of them have stocks of raw materials of around 7-15 days (55%), and nearly 43% of the plants with storage cycles of 15 days or more. The stock data also confirm that most of the weavers still have a rising attitude toward post-material expectations.
The price of low stocks as pruning filament is strongly supported by the price of long filamentation, which drives the demand for downstream procurement, and the continued strong marketing of long filamentary products.
Low stocks are one of the major factors underpinning future price trends in products. Driven by the overall upturn in market sales, the stock levels of the main plant, Pilgrims, have been declining.
At 2-4-day levels, Fody's inventory is near 3-5 days, while dty's inventory is around 6-16 days. 3. Product price differentials are in the middle of history, there is room for profit growth, there is still room for profit growth, and there is room for profit growth.
There has been a significant increase in profits, but in the long run, the level of profit on the long line is still low in the centre. Of this, the current level of profit of the poy 2000/ton is between $1,500 and 2,500/ton growth: dty and fdy are still at low profit levels, and there is still room for profit upswing.
iii. Group asset injection, with the world’s largest single-manufactured pta plant, mainly producing pta, with an existing capacity of 32.2 million tons. Helium petrochemicals have advanced technologies such as the international state-of-the-art U.S. Welding technology, the latest German air pressure unit, the state-of-the-art catalytic incineration technology in Bassov, and the state-of-the-art residue recovery technology.
And equipment, which reduces production costs for pta, facilitates production, adaptation and innovation of traditional pta, and has a considerable amount of technology, with a cost advantage of 20,000 tons of class bulk berth, 2 100,000 tons of class liquids, 3 50,000 tons of class bulk and 1 5,000 tons of class liquids berth.
(i) pta production slowed down, and pta production slowed down significantly from 2015 to the present. The new domestic production of pta production in 2015 was 2.2 million tons of persistent petrochemicals in three instalments and bp in three instalments, adding 3.45 million tons of total capacity. Overcapacity also caused the start-up rate to drop, 14,
In 15 years, only 61% and 65% of the work began, with a historically low rate. The planned additional capacity includes 2.2 million tons in Jiangyanghan and 1 million tons in Sichuan.
In the course of the year, the Far East petrochemicals were reorganized as a result of bankruptcy, 3.2 million tonnes/year of pta devices were completely shut down, and the Xanax petrochemicals were suspended for a long period of time due to an upstream px device accident, with 4.5 million tonnes/year of devices, and pta was able to achieve stage progress in production. However, excess capacity remained, while at the end of 16th year, the Wabins Group was turning over the Far East for petrochemicals, and it is expected that 1.4 million tonnes/year of capacity will be restored in the first half of the 16th year.
(ii) pta prices are at historically low levels and there is still a large margin of profit. In 2016, pta prices also rose as the chemical fibre market got hot, and at the end of 16 they rose by about 22 per cent from the beginning of the year, but they still do.
At the same time, the pta and px processing differentials remained largely stable, at around $400-500/tonne. By the end of the year, they increased to about $800/tonne as pta prices rose. Overall, the pta profit and price movements showed an overall stable trend in 2016 and increased at the end of the year.
(iii) The current installation load rate is low and the pta market is warming. In 2016, the pta company ' s annual load rate was about 73 per cent and remains at a historically low level.
Some 7% is higher, partly because of the decommissioning of some of the installations and partly because of the increased production of the plants, which is reflected in the fact that pta’s market is warming. Moreover, in 2017, some factories in the country and abroad were facing installation repairs or price increases.
Luoyang petrochemicals, Helium petrochemicals, and Qalong petrochemicals are planned to be repaired this year, involving about 79.25 million tons of capacity; companies in Korea, Japan, and Taiwan, China, among others, have plans to do so, involving at least 11.6 million tons of capacity. The implementation of the plans will reduce the supply of pta, which will help increase prices.
On January 25, 2017, the Helium Shares announced that 100 per cent of the share buys constant investments in equity and silicon refining.
100% equity and matching funds were raised, and the net amount of this package raised, after deduction of the costs of restructuring intermediaries and related taxes, was used for the construction of the 20 million tonnes/year refining integration project, which was implemented by Helium refining. hours, the projects included 20 million tonnes of constant depressure and 11.5 million tonnes of heavy-fueled hydrogen-filling units (diesel hydrogen, wax oil hydrogen and boiling beds).
Three 3.2 million tons of recombinant units, two 2.25 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons and 1.3 million tons of mixed dehydration devices, all of which use the most advanced and mature technology packages in the world. After the completion of the project, 52.5 per cent of the estimated income was derived from oil products, 32.33 per cent from aromatic hydrocarbons, and 15.17 per cent from other sources.
Figure 36: Status of the main installations of the Helium Refinement Project. In terms of production, helium refining has abandoned the traditional fuel boilers, the use of sulfur oil and dry gas for hydrogen production, and instead has been used for the extraction of coal-fired back-to-back thermal power plants and coal-based hydrogen, which can increase production efficiency and save a cost of 3.5-4 billion yuan.
At the same time, with the benefit of a higher level of technology, constant refining has the option of producing less and less expensive raw materials, reducing the cost of acquiring raw materials. This acquisition has reduced production costs and achieved self-sufficiency of the raw materials.
Prior to the transaction, the raw materials needed for corporate fibre production were mainly purchased from the Helium petrochemical subsidiary, and after the transaction, the helium refining and helium investment became fully-owned subsidiaries of listed companies that could be supplied directly to the Helonic Fossil in the plant area.
The extension of the industrial chain and the formation of the integration of refining have helped to increase the stability of the operations of listed companies. Heavy refining projects have considerable policy-support advantages, technological advantages, integration advantages, and product synergies.
The project is the first modern refining project in a private enterprise and is included in the State Council document (National Development Bank (2014.28). It has all pre-cleared. The project is located on one of the seven petrochemical sites in the petrochemical industry planning program, the Great Company Changjing Island.
• Checking for oil beta-hydrogens to achieve a high-value grouping rate of 96.8% for heavy oil and an economic gain of $2 billion compared to large refining enterprises of the same size. In terms of integration, the aromatics combined units can achieve a better consumption of 2.15-2.17 tons of scephalus oil and energy consumption of 360-410 kg of standard oil, and the cost of coal hydrogen is greater than the cost of natural gas hydrogen, dry gas, and lime-brain hydrogen in general oil refineries.
The cost of cogeneration acetic acid is only 60% of its peers, and energy-saving measures can save 300,000 tonnes/year by using heating stoves. The project can also generate considerable synergy, with the px-pta and acetic acid-pta lifts saving logistics storage and taxes and losses of around $1 billion, as well as self-contained power plants, which cost about $3 billion per year over conventional refineries.
In addition, other products generated during the refining process have strong economic benefits. In addition to aromatic hydrocarbons, products such as diesel fuel, aviation kerosene, paracepha oil, lubricant oil, etc., produced by aerobic refining have good market prospects, and the production of this type of product will be significantly enhanced.
This transaction will speed up the overall listing of the Helium group petrochemicals, and the major daily transactions currently in place in listed companies will be eliminated and will effectively reduce the associated transactions of listed subjects, avoid potential peer competition, and further strengthen the market.
(ii) Large-scale installations are mainstreamed, resulting in clear advantages in refining operations,1 and large-scale installations are mainstreamed globally
Asia and North America are the world’s main refineries. In 2016, there were 31 global refineries of 20 million tons/year or more, and seven in the United States.
In addition, China and India are actively expanding their projects, with India producing about 230 million tons per year, with a projected new capacity of 136 million tons per year by 2020.
The process for the production of px at the current price range consists of catalytic reorganization (integrated devices), dibenzene isomerization (non-integrated devices), benzene dibenzene and alkyl, and methanol. The production of px is dominated by catalytic reorganization and dibenzene isomerization, in which, in terms of profit, the overall profit of px in 2016 floats around $100/t, with no negative profit, which is the end of demand and demand.
At the demand side, the pta additional capacity of 2.2 million tonnes/year in 2016 and operational in the first half of the year; at the px additional capacity of 2.2 million tonnes/year, but operational at the end of the year. At the end of the year, the procession was good enough to increase the demand for px, but the additional capacity did not increase at the same time, creating a situation where supply was relaxed and px profits kept high. At the supply side, it was achieved in OPEC.
The impact of the gramoline agreement has resulted in higher oil prices, but the price of the cerebral oil has decreased slightly, further increasing the px profit margin. Figure 42: Px profit map 2016 px profit map 2016 px profit map 2016
At present, China is actively building seven major petrochemical industrial bases to expand its refining operations, but it has not yet been operational.
The industry bases are the Grand Company Changing Island base, the Shanghai Bay base, the Guangdong Huaizhou base, the Fujian Guray base, the Cao Cao Cao base in Hebei, the Jiang Sulian Yun Bay base and the Zhejiang Ningbo base, but they are all fully operational for a number of reasons, including group events and progress in construction.
Aromatic hydrocarbons and fission devices. In addition to the formal launching of the construction of the Kampong Mau project, which has not been scheduled in the near future, the Chang Mau project is expected to become a pillar of large-scale private refining in the country by the year 2017,2 and the Helium Pulse and Zhejiang petrochemicals.
With the completion of the project, the structure of the constant refining product will be effectively improved, focusing on gasoline, light oils and px products with high value added and market demand, with an expected annual production of 4.61 million tons of gasoline and 4.34 million tons per year of px production. As an important input to the pta, the increase in the production of the silicon refining px will help companies to make a profit in the larger context of the pta industry.
The Zhejiang petrochemical project foresees the construction of a total production capacity of 40 million tonnes/year, 10.4 million tonnes/year of aromatic hydrocarbons and 2.8 million tonnes/year of ethylene, covering phenol, biphenol, polycarbonate and mma, among others.
By contrast, Zhejiang petrochemicals tend to favour the traditional heavy oil treatment route, and its petrochemical oil production capacity will increase. Zhejiang petrochemicals, oil-hydrogen-filling capacity, combined with heavy oil-catalyzed fission, have a total of 5-6 million tonnes/year, diesel-fuel-based treatment capacity.
The production of gasoline is about 4.7 million tonnes/year, the production of diesel is at least 2.5 million tonnes/year, the production of benzene is at least 1.14 million tonnes/year, the production of benzene is at least 630,000 tonnes/year, and the production of mixed benzene is at least 1.7 million tonnes/year. In addition, the products of zhejiang petrochemicals include products such as penane, chlorine gas, among which n-pentane is a good ethylene fission material and can also be used as a chemical product.
Helium refining and Zhejiang petrochemicals, as the benchmark for large-scale private refining, have clear advantages in terms of production efficiency, which will help to win in future competition patterns. In comparison with the data for the first three quarters of 2016, petrochemical plates were pre-taxed at RMB 43.504 billion, and crude oil processing was reduced by 1.72 per cent to 17.25 million tons, compared with the production of finished oils.
A low 1.04 per cent, of 111.02 tons, and a production of only about 63 per cent of crude oil processing, reflect the rise of the production efficiency of Central petrochemical refining,3 and the rise of private refining giants, which are expected to improve import patterns and achieve future self-sufficiency of only 97.7 million tons of domestic px production and 12.36 million tons of imports, with a self-sufficiency rate of only 44 per cent.
The structure of supply and demand will not change over the next two years. In 2016, our imports to the px amounted to 12,361,300 tons, with an average annual import price of $781.9 per ton, mainly from Korea, Japan, Taiwan, etc.
The demand for the bampta has increased, but our new px production capacity is low and our current capacity is low, unable to achieve self-sufficiency, and it will have to be filled by imports. As my national camp installations are put into operation, self-produced px is expected to fill the demand gap, the import situation is 4 and the new production capacity is delayed, and the installation overhaul will further reduce the available capacity.
In 2017, other major petrochemical companies, apart from the ongoing construction of the Helium-related projects, have not yet received any additional information and are not expected to change the structure of supply and demand for benzene in the future.In 2017, the country ' s Shanghai petrochemicals, Yanzi petrochemicals, Qingdao Ritao, China Oil Hyeju and Sichuan petrochemicals published a clear inspection.
The repair process involves a total capacity of 4.25 million tons, or 30.73% of the country’s total capacity of px, while the rest of the enterprises have yet to publish plans for installation repairs. In 2017, Asia’s px installation involved a total capacity of 1,0455,000 tons, or close to 25%, and a larger project was planned for the inspection of the px installation in Japan, with more time concentrated in the second quarter.
1. The petrochemical industry has improved and corporate profits have risen.
The commodity market has gradually improved, and the prices of company line products have risen steadily, such as pta, long-silver, bopet, etc. The company’s profits are expected to rise further as some of the bottom industries have warmed in the previous period.
The Department sells electricity to Jiangsu Power Company at agreed prices, sells surplus steam to industrial enterprises for heating, and the client base and surplus of around $10,000, bringing the Māori ratio to 39 per cent.
The Helium Holdings Company has a strong Helium Group, which operates in a variety of fields, such as real estate, weaving, petrochemicals, polyesters, and new materials, and is diversified and integrated in the industrial chain. In 2016, it ranked 65th out of 500 companies, in 2016 out of 500, and in 2015, the Helium Group earned $212 billion in operating income.
There's less resistance, and the whole chain of industry can be integrated. Heath group operations are diverse, and in the future they will be further injected into upstream and downstream assets, accelerating the expansion of business in the future, and integrating whole-of-industry chain development.
With a capacity of 6.6 million tons, which is second in the country. In the future, constant refining will invest in the construction of 20 million tonnes/year of integration projects, with the original processing capacity reaching 20 million tonnes/year, with a combined aromatic device of 4.5 million tonnes/year, and with the completion of this facility, the total amount of benzene required for the production of persistent petrochemicals will be largely self-sufficient and will be achieved from knitting to polyester to pta to dibenzene.
In addition, companies will pay more attention to downstream markets. In the future, they will continue to innovate marketing tools to implement the b2b strategy using power-market platforms, smart goods, etc., through the creation of Sioux-Eye Logistics and Technology Ltd., Sioux-Su State Network E-Commerce Ltd.
Development of “e-park” app, which formally opens a new downstream marketing route for “Internet+textiles.” Human capital for future development.
Through continuous research and development, about 50% of the profits of the constant share are derived from new products that are less than 25% developed by the echelons. Strong research teams are constantly updating their products, continuing to advance into new high-technology products, with less market supply, higher value added, and good profitability.
Figure 56: Composition of people's education Assuming that the company's assets are fully invested, without consideration of the equity of the accompanying financing, the net profits of the constant shares in 2017 and 2018 will be at least $1.667 billion and $2,042 million, respectively, depending on the company's performance commitments.
The price of purges and the price of oil has fluctuated, and the increase is expected to fall short of expectations.