The company's business income for 2017 was $30,187 million, an increase of 22.99 per cent over the same year, the net profit of the parent owner was $9,674 million, and the company was actively restructuring its products, focusing on the "1+3" and "4+4" food systems. Branding was a two-wheel drive of the company's 13th Plan.
At its core, the objective is to consolidate and strengthen the high-end image of the five-food fluids by deepening and optimizing the series of wines. In 2017, the company highlighted the development of national strategic monoliths and regional priority products, resulting in a series of four-plus-four wine brands, namely, five-food springs, five-foodols, five-food caps, four national monoliths in the cutting edge, and four regional monolithics: five-food households, 100-principals, wines and fire.
The five-food system is the backbone of corporate channels, positioning low- and middle-end companies through branding, making brand structures clear, product lines simple, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual excellence, covering different consumer groups, avoiding malignant competition among brands, and effectively raising brand power. According to the latest quarterly data, companies are selling.
With good momentum, the current social stock rate of the five grains dropped from 9% to 7% at the end of last year, and we expect company revenues to reach $40 billion in 2018, or more than 30% more than in the same year. On the Māori rate, which benefits from the warmth of the white wine market, we believe that the Māori rate will continue to rise, with both the range and depth of channels expanding, and management ' s long-term strategy will need to be refined.
By the end of 2017, more than 400 new stores had been created, amounting to more than 1,000 shops in the first phase of the project, which had been built in 46 priority cities throughout the country.
In 2017, the company launched a new five-food retail terminal model – a “five-food zero shop” – in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Chengdu, Chengdu, and Ying Bin – in partnership with the traditional large integrated power platform.
With the successful expansion of the company’s channels, it is expected that control over the terminal will be further enhanced in 2018, with 500-600 new special stores expected to be created in 2018, with a focus on filling the empty county markets, and a more rational distribution structure.
Twenty-three.7 million shares (28 per cent) for directors, supervisors, senior managers and other employees of the company, 1.94 million shares (or 23 per cent) were subscribed to by distributors for the five grains and 1.94 million shares (or 23 per cent) and three years as strategic investors for the Tekang assets, the Hua'an Foundation and Kai Qi Qi Qi's Iari. Through the Stakeholder Scheme, benefits are tied to the company, staff cohesion and motivation are enhanced, and management teams are motivated.
Improving business efficiency: through stock-holding schemes, deep binding of channels and corporate interests, contributing to the stability of corporate channels and the opening of new markets; introducing strategic investors, improving corporate equity structures and governance structures, and establishing efficient decision-making systems.
The M.A. holds a first degree in finance from the University of Durant, England, and a double degree from the Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space.
China Agricultural University-California University, Berkeley, jointly trains a PhD in agricultural economics management. Joined the East Hing Securities and Investment Department in 2015 to analyze its own research views.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies