Reforms are moving steadily, and the dividends are getting closer and closer, Mahobo.
The market is expected to be in circulation on 19 April 2021.
The company has been planning to change the city since 2013, issued a final increase plan in October 2015 and approved by the CVM on 15 May 2017 for this non-publicly released share, and announced the increase on 18 April 2018, with a further improvement in the equity structure.
Through this increase, the company has taken the lead in typologies among the white wine taps, in which the best workers and distribution interests are deeply tied up. This increase has been distributed to employee holding schemes and distributors, of which five are participants in the first phase of the food and fluid stock holding scheme, which includes senior directors and other employees of the company.
513 million yuan, or 0.6 per cent of the total equity share after issuance, to bind the interests of employees and companies, and to improve the mechanisms for sharing the interests of employees and shareholders; excellent distributors purchase $420 million, or 0.5 per cent of the total equity share after issuance, through the Ei-Bing Ii-Bing, Silver-King, Hunan-Gyeon, Beijing, etc.
The sum of $117 million/2334 million and $11.67 million, respectively, were allocated to the distribution programme, which found a gold dividend of $9 (including taxes) per 10 shares, so the issue price was set aside for the second year of entrepreneurship.
Concept, implementation of reform measures in 2018, including 1) talent reform, higher pay for personnel, internal competition for the creation of a talent ladder; 2) channel reform, further implementation of the 100-year-old shop project; 3) institutional reform, which has been highlighted by General Lee on several occasions to expedite the resolution of related transactions; 4) product reform, focus
The “1+3+5” product strategy. We believe that the issue of profit distribution in the channels most questioned by the market is accompanied by changes in the channels’ structure and internal changes that are expected to be resolved gradually, and that radical changes are bound to be accompanied by questions and shocks, but we still see the reform dividend as moving closer.
Expectations to enter the valley, with still rising performance. Since the sugar bar, the price of the batch has fallen to 800 yuan left, the channel feedback has been negative, weakening market confidence, and expectations of performance have fallen to a low level. Right growth, with a modest increase in the volume of business, new small businesses and special stores, further flattening the channels.
While the adjustment of the consumer tax base will continue to affect the first half of the year's statement, it will be reported in the first quarter of the year.
Guided by 39 billion and 15 billion, respectively, we believe that, with the steady growth of the new small businesses and specialized stores, there is little pressure on the revenue stream, and that, given factors such as the spread of cost, the profits are still on track to win the income. Taxes, profits are far higher than expected -
3. Five grain fluids: Consumable taxes can be easily absorbed, 3qwang season + value swap 18 years East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory board