Shinji Shan identification.
After 23 years of high re-innovation, 24q1 net profits have risen, and the city’s share has increased further, and production has been re-innovated. Companies have been effective in increasing the use of titanium powder, sponge capacity, especially chlorinated titanium powder, sponge capacity, and effective release. titanium powder, sponge production have been sold.
Market data: 24 April 2024, with a further increase in innovation and a further increase in market occupancy and a further consolidation of the vanguard position. In 2023, 119.14 million tons of titanium powder were produced, an increase of 20.36 per cent compared to the previous year, of which 80.4 million tons of titanium sulphate were produced.
Highest/lowest in the year: 1158.9 million tons of powder, an increase of 24.93 per cent over the year, of which 43.53 per cent was sold domestically, and the market value of international sales a share (billions):
In 2023, the company actively promoted two core projects: the joint development of the two mines in the Red Gear region and the Xu Chia Trench development, with a view to upgrading its ownership.
Resource supply capacity to ensure industrial stability and development. Meanwhile, the accelerated collection rate project is under way to establish the final link between the national production of chlorinated raw materials and the industrialization of the wetting method, with a view to technological upgrading to promote industrial efficiency.
The company has titanium sulphate, titanium chloride, sponge titanium and high-end titanium alloys, which expand the field of titanium derivatives such as titanium, zirconium, iron, platinum, cobalt, and new industries such as smart manufacturing, new energy materials, etc.
Increased sales of powder, taking into account both domestic and foreign markets, and a significant improvement in the performance of 24q1, the company being the world ' s largest producer of titanium powder, mastering high-quality mineral resources and deep processing capacity, relying on increasing volatility in the entire industry chain and prices of large quantities of raw materials, and controlling business income, production operations and costs.
With a greater impact, companies will inevitably be exposed to the risk of fluctuations in the prices of products and raw materials. Downstream demand risk: demand for products depends on a variety of factors, and we have introduced “supply side structure \triangleright”
Policies such as “Sexual Reform” to restructure the economy and improve the quality and quantity of economic growth have led to a shift in demand for titanium products from quantitative to qualitative. Reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.