{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH002601.sz} Tradingbuy Inter-District Operation.
The price of titanium is warming and performance is improving on a quarterly basis, benefiting from the growth in sales, the growth in all parts of the company ' s revenues, but the decline in product prices has led to a similar decline in the company ' s Māori ratio. The company sells it as a global titanium leader, titanium powder, and sponge titanium.
The price of titanium powder is now warming, maintaining its “inter-zone” rating. Sales have increased significantly, and the Māori rate has fallen in 23 years: the company’s revenue in 2023 has increased by the same amount.
Long, benefiting from an upturn in sales of the main product, in 2023, the company sold 115.89 million tons of titanium powder, yoy + 24.93 per cent, of which 796.4 million tons of titanium powder, yoy + 22.15 per cent, chlorinated.
The Māori rate fell by 0.42 pct to 28.51% from the same year. Sponge titanium, with a significant increase in production and sales, with sales of 4.7 million tons, yoy + 28.15%, but the price of sponge titanium showed a steady downward trend throughout the year, with an average cost of 48.2 million yuan per ton, yoy-17%, and a decline of 10.58 pct to the same rate.
17.87%. Corporate iron-line products, thorium-based products, and new energy materials have all increased, but the Maori rate has declined in all but iron-line products. Corporate combined Māori rates have declined year-round by year-on-year, and management costs have declined by $425 million.
Low base period surging prices, 23q4 season performance repair is clear: in 23 years q4 seasons, the corporate profit lubricant coil ratio increased, mainly because the price of q4 titanium powder hit the bottom in 2022 and the base period was lower. 23 years q4 titanium powder prices were higher in the year, at an average cost of 16.4 million yuan per ton, yoy + 8 per cent.
At the end of the year, the fee ratio fell, and the performance ratio grew. The titanium powder scene has gone down, and it looks like it's going back to warm: before the spring of 24 years, titanium powder prices fell down the season, but titanium concentrate prices have been warming since February, supporting the increase in titanium powder prices.
The titanium powder exports were also repaired, with 490,000 tons of titanium in the first quarter of 2024, vov + 12%. The price of titanium powder was 1.61 million yuan per ton, yoy + 5%, qoq-2% in 24 years. The price of titanium powder is currently high in the middle, supporting the price of titanium powder.
Rehabilitate demand, leading to a quarterly recovery of corporate performance. Connecting the titanium industry chain, new energy materials are helping to grow again; and the company is a global titanium industry leader that runs the entire chain of titanium, with a capacity of 1.51 million tonnes/year of titanium powder production and a capacity of 5 titanium production in sponges.
By means of the titanium industry chain, products such as the horizontal fabric, the iron system, the thorium system, and the new energy material, iron phosphate, lithium phosphate, etc., enhance integration advantages and build a second development curve. The company currently produces 50,000 tons of lithium phosphate, 100,000 tons of iron phosphate per year, and graphite is negative.
This report cannot be reproduced or re-circulated or printed in all or part of the report for any purpose. The information used in preparing the report is believed to be reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified.