Rong Song Group (002601.sz): Product sales, April 29, 2024
Rongjong Group published its annual report 2023 and its quarterly report 2024: the company achieved business income in 2023, a large and diversified collection of enterprises dedicated to the development of new materials such as titanium, zirconium, lithium, etc., manufacturing and deep industrial integration.
Operating income of $7,294 million, yoy + 4.54 per cent was achieved in the first quarter of the year, resulting in a net profit of $951 million from the mother, a group mainly engaged in titanium powder, sponge titanium, silicon products, lithium + 64.15 per cent
The production and sale of products such as electric positive and negative-polar materials are sold to more than 100 countries and regions on 6 continents. The increase in sales of titanium products has led to an increase in overall yields. 1 titanium powder: 2023 corporate titanium powder.
In China, titanium powder produces 1.51 million tonnes/year, sponge titanium produce, sales of products increased by 24.93 per cent to 1158.9 million tonnes per year, of which the volume of sulphate titanium powder increased by 50,000 tonnes/year, and was the highest in the world. The company titanium industry
The initial formation of six cities in the provinces of Buche, Sichuan, Hubei, Yunnan, Gansu and others, from titanium mineral extraction to titanium powder and titanium metal manufacture, with a combination of derivative resources
Green industrial chains used; silicon products collected by the company holding the shares of the company ' s titanium titanium plate by 6.27 per cent to 2,268 million yuan on the same date. 3 Other products: in 2023, the company ' s iron product grew by 3.6 per cent to 2,573 million yuan on the same date as the silicon product by the same date.
Between 4.99 per cent and $1,102 million, new energy materials increased by 59.71 per cent to $1.047 billion on a year-on-year basis.According to profit-side fluctuations in the prices of raw materials and products, the company ' s combined Māori rate improved by the same rate in 2023 and its combined Māori rate was 2023 in the first quarter due to the same price of titanium powder.
The titanium industry is rich in product structure, maintaining its expansion and consolidating its dominance. 1 In the titanium industry, where the circulation b/h (millions), the company titanium powder and the titanium production capacity are at the top of the world, the industry leader, and the company is currently in the lead.
With a capacity of 1.51 million tons of titanium powder and a capacity of 50,000 tons of sponge titanium (an additional capacity of 30,000 tons under construction). There is still room to upgrade the capacity of the company.
In the area of titanium chloride, companies are also planning to increase the ratio of titanium powder to the medium-high end of the product, increasing the ratio of exports. In the area of titanium, companies are also working on projects and new ones, which will be further advanced in the future.2 New energy industries are continuously active, with companies implementing horizontal coupling of the green economy model.
In the area of recycling of waste by-products into lithium electric materials, products are available in both the positive and the negative-polar areas of lithium batteries, and we expect to be a new growth point for companies in the future. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: companies are pioneers in titanium powder, titanium powder and sponge production.
The company is ranked first in the world, and while doing a major job, it is actively setting up a new energy industry, fostering a second growth curve, and developing a diversified and synergistic business model. Based on the company’s annual report 2023, we adjust the company’s profit forecast from 2024 to 2026 accordingly. We predict the company’s net profit share from 2024 to 2026.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the Long Song Group (00201.sz): the volume of products sold up, the capacity to sustain expansion, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the company Longbing Group (002601.sz) has increased its product sales and maintained its capacity for expansion.
Liu Woo-joo has had 10 years of research experience in the chemical industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.