Quarterly net profit rises in 2023, titanium prices stablely high, basic chemicals and chemical materials.
In the fourth quarter of 2023, the company increased its net profit relative to the ring, and in the first quarter of 2024 it increased its net profit relative to the same profit. The company issued annual reports for 2023 and quarterly reports for 2024, and collected $26.76 billion in 2023 (a similar increase in sales of titanium powder and higher price fluctuations).
Increased domestic titanium production and competitiveness, with titanium powder exports growing at a rate of $293.43 million in 2019-2023, with 13 per cent export destinations concentrated in Asia and Europe and projected high growth in future titanium exports
In 2023, the company was able to produce 1.75 million tons of titanium mineral, the ring ratio was +4%. In 2023, the Chinese titanium market ran, the supply and demand of titanium mines and imported titanium mines were tight and the price of titanium remained high.
Together, the two core projects, the Xu Jia Trench Iron Development, are aimed at enhancing the supply of its own resources and ensuring industrial stability and development. Meanwhile, the accelerated collection rate project is being built, with the production of chlorochemical raw materials, the Quarterly Profiting Ring (002601.sz) - has been continuously improving, and titanium self-sufficiency is being achieved.
At the end of the process of industrialization of the production and humid applications, technological upgrading will contribute to industrial efficiency improvements. `Rong Song Group (00201.sz) - 2023q2 profit ring ratio improved, titanium whole-chain production and titanium production increased by equals, iron ore supply and demand increased in 2023.
The company (00201.sz) - The industry is warming, the mineral resources are consolidating the nuclear market volatility, the overall strength of the market is relatively strong and the supply and demand are both strong. In 2024 there was uncertainty in the market, the supply of mainstream iron ore was either stable or there was an increase in demand, not excluding a gradual downturn and an increase in price volatility.
Investment proposals: The company has a strong leader in titanium powder, a growing self-sufficiency rate in titanium concentrates, and we, the Willing Group, are mainly engaged in titanium powder production, research and development and marketing. Its products are widely used in the fields of paint, plastics, paper, ink, etc., and are the leading domestic and global industry in titanium powder.
Production and sale of products such as iron concentrates, sponge titanium, tellurium products, lithium-electric positive and negative polar materials. Currently, the company has a titanium powder production capacity of 1.51 million tonnes/year, sponge production capacity of 50,000 tonnes/year, all of which is the world’s leading; phosphate production capacity of 50,000 tonnes/year, iron phosphate production capacity of 100,000 tonnes/year, graphite production of 25,000 tonnes/year, graphite of 25,000 tonnes/year.
The company’s titanium industry bases are located in the provinces of Buchen, Sichuan, Hubei, Yunnan, Gansu, and six municipalities, which initially form the base for processing minerals from titanium to titanium powder and titanium metal manufacture, with a net profit from derivatives increasing in the fourth quarter of 2023 by the same ring, and in the first quarter of 2024 by the same margin.
The company published its annual newspaper 2023 and its first quarterly report 2024, with 26.760 billion yuan (year-on-year + 11 per cent) in 2023 and a net profit of 3.23 billion yuan (year-on-year + 6 per cent), of which 6.5 billion yuan (year-on-year + 7 per cent) was collected in the fourth quarter.
Figure 2: Rolling Group single-season operating income and the same-year increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 3: Rolling Group net profit return and the same-year increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 4: Rolling Group single-season net profit return and the same-year increase (in billions, per cent)
Figure 5: Group Māori rate, net interest rate Figure 6: Group Māori quarterly rate, net interest rate Figure 7: Group sales, management, research and development, financial cost rates
In 2023, the company increased its sales of titanium powder and its price volatility. In 2023, the company increased its production/distribution of titanium powder and increased its competitiveness, with titanium exports growing at a rate of 13 per cent in 2019-2023.
Export destinations are concentrated in Asia and Europe, and the future high growth in titanium powder exports is expected to increase further, but prices have been repaired and fluctuated over the period; the average price in the first quarter of 2024 was approximately $16225 per ton, or 1.3 per cent of the ring, but the price has been rising monthly. Cost-consolidated and demand has been warming, and the price of titanium powder is expected to rise steadily.
China’s titanium market was shaken in the course of the year, the supply and demand of titanium mines and imported titanium are tight, titanium prices are on the same scale and titanium production is stable in one quarter. Sponge titanium production/sales are 5.2.47 million tons, respectively.
The plan was to start the segmenting of plans, and Yunnan titanium could expand its financial strength through independent listing, and the iron ore market was volatile in 2023, with a relatively strong overall supply and demand. The iron concentrates/distributions were 424.1/4338 million tons (+17 per 1 per cent for the same year). The market was uncertain in 2024, with the main iron ore supplying.
Figure 13: sales of iron concentrates (tonne tons) by the Lone Billing Group. Figure 14: In terms of new energy materials by titanium concentrate (tonne tons) by the Group, companies will focus on future profit growth points for new energy products and develop counter-strategy strategies.
In 2023, the company produced or sold 6.6.54 million tons of iron phosphate (with accelerated joint development with the two mines and a further increase in the self-sufficiency of titanium concentrates). In 2023, the company actively promoted “red grids”.
The two core projects, the joint development of the two mines in the North and the Xu Guo mine, are aimed at enhancing self-financing supply capacity and ensuring industrial stability and development. At the same time, the accelerated collection rate project is being built to facilitate the final stages of the industrialization of the chlorination process, with the aim of promoting industrial efficiency through technological upgrading.
Investment proposals: The company ' s leadership in titanium powder industry is strong, titanium self-sufficiency is increasing, and we maintain that the authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.