Winch shares (300498.sz) Farming, herding, farming, investment rating: better than big market (maintenance)
Lu Jia Ri, Lee Renan, Jiang Haihai.
The company is expected to earn $9 billion-$95 billion in 2024 from the mother ' s net profit, and $639 billion from the previous year ' s losses in the same period. We believe that the company ' s performance is excellent, and it is estimated that 2024q4 pigs are expected to earn close to $330-350, while the total cost of pig farming is close to $14.0/kg, with the cost falling steadily throughout the season.
At the end of October, the company was able to grow 1.68 million pigs and have sufficient back-up pigs. At the same time, the company continued to upgrade the production indicators and performance of the group of pigs and continuously optimize the high-quality pig-planting system.
The performance forecast is excellent, the cost of raw pig and yellow chicken farming is steadily falling and the price of the pig is rising. We maintain the “better than the market” rating, considering that the full cost of pig farming is close to $14.0/kg, the average cost of commercial pig sales is close to $16.7/kg, with a certain Southern market premium advantage; the company is expected to earn close to $2/2.5 for all yellow chicken farming, which corresponds to the full cost of $202402 yellow chicken farming, which is close to $11.5/kg for all pigs and yellow.
The cost of chicken farming has remained steady and declining at 2024q4. The improved performance of pig farming is evident, and the optimal impact of high-quality pig farming continues to be reflected in the steady improvement of corporate farming performance, with significant results in non-pest control, through regularization efforts such as the management of basic production and the prevention and control of major diseases.
Production indicators continue to improve, and production continues to improve. According to company announcements, in October 2024, the average number of hogs was 11.2; the cost of pig seedling production was reduced to less than $290 per head: 93% of pigs were on the market, while the meat ratio was further reduced to 2.56. As company basic production management continues to optimize, and the price of feed raw materials falls, it is expected that improvements in pig seedling costs will gradually be reflected in future commodity log-out costs.
Upgrade, company capacity utilization is increasing, fixed costs and cost-sharing are decreasing, and farm costs are expected to continue their downward trend. With regard to capacity reserves, the company announcement of October 2024 revealed that the existing pig farm has completed some 46 million jobs (i.e. 46 million pig seedlings of normal productive products when the company's pig farm is fully loaded). By the end of October, the company was able to grow its motherhood.
At the same time, the company continuously upgrades the production indicators and performances of the sow population and continuously optimizes the system of high-quality pig growing, which is expected to grow steadily in the future. Yellow chicken farming is well run, with a steady increase in the share of the country’s municipalities.
In 2024, the company sold 1,208 million meat chickens (whose chickens, fresh products, and cooked foods), an increase of 2% over the same year, with the largest share of the market. The company’s poultry production was stable, with the company’s announcement that in October 2024 it was 95.3% marketed and at an all-time high; the meat ratio was further reduced to 2.75; and the chicken-raising costs were steadily reduced, with the total cost of chickens coming out falling further to around 5.7/gram in October 2024.
Investment proposal: Continue to highlight the excellent performance of the Win-Spring shares in 2024, the steady decline in the cost of raw pigs and yellow chicken farming, and the boom in prices. We maintain that “excellent industries have uncontrollable outbreaks of swine disease, uncontrollable cost pressures from higher prices of food raw materials, and high volatility of pig prices”
Quarterly Review of Winch Shares (300498.sz)-2024: The first three quarters combined net gains and losses and the costs of pig and yellow chicken farming are steady. Quarterly Review of Winch Shares (300498.sz)-2023 and Quarterly 2024: the costs of pig birthing have steadily improved and the yellow chickens have made the best performances have been assured by the authors that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author