A record high of farm production costs continues to be optimized - On 4 January 2025, Wen's share issued a performance forecast for 2024.
In 2024, for the first time in a year, the Winchester shares recorded a sharp break in business income, with strong profit growth and expected net profit of $9.9 to $9.5 billion to the mother. In sub-operations, the pigs and chicken-breeding businesses were profitable at $8.2 to $8.4 billion, respectively.
Two hundred and twenty-three billion yuan. In 2024, the performance peaked, mainly as a result of an increase in meat and pork sales as compared to sales prices, while the company ' s core production indicators continued to improve, the production ratio declined significantly, and the cost of optimization effectively raised the level of corporate profitability.
For the third year in a row, Wen's share was successful in meeting the goal of pig sales, which was worth hundreds of millions of dollars in 2024, an increase of 33.50 per cent in the same year. In addition, the company sold pigs all year round 24.
114.25 million heads. Farming operations have continued to expand, with companies able to grow about 1.74 million pigs by the end of 2024, with sufficient back-up pigs and more effective capacity to feed meat pigs. At the same time, the cost of corporate farming has continued to be very high.
q4 minus end-of-year special-matter impact combined cost of $6.7/kg, hysteria continued to increase steadily, farm costs were further optimized and it was expected to decrease to $6.5/1, Winch Shares (300498):q3 performance
The cost of the chicken business is being explored, multi-profit models are being developed, growth is being realized and efficiency gains are continuing to be evident.
2. Winch Shares (300498): The special loan released the pressure on repurchase funds, with a decline of 3.37% compared to the previous year, mainly due to the same decline in sales prices for chickens.
The q4 company has a rate of market entry for chickens, which is 3, and the Win stock (300,498): 95.3 per cent of the shares, which has dropped to 2.78 per cent in recent years.
Purchases for employee motivation, highlighting long-term development letters, were reduced to $5.7 per pound, and the total cost of chicken exits was reduced to $6 per pound for 2024, down 0.8 per pound for the year. At the same time, the company ' s poultry industry was upgraded, eggs, eggs, eggs, etc.
A variety of businesses, such as cooked meals, pigeons, etc., make multiple profits. The future of the chicken business is expected to sustain steady growth, with companies initially setting a target for the volume of chicken sales in 2025, while financial structures continue to be optimized, with two dividends highlighting the value of the investment.
The financial structure of Winch shares continues to be optimized, as evidenced by the rapidness of asset-liability rates and the Division’s long-term investment value and development confidence. With the industry’s leading cost advantage and the continued expansion of productive capacity, companies are expected to be able to make a difference.
Presumptive position in the 2025 cost game, while maintaining a profitable state; risks of disease in the farming industry; risks of natural disasters and extreme weather; risks of industrial policy change: risks of boar price volatility: risks of chicken price volatility: feed and raw materials markets
(a) The risk of swings; and the risk of macroeconomic fluctuations.
In August 2024, Wenzheng, a member of the Agricultural Scrubbing Group, a bachelor's degree from the Chinese People's University, and a master's degree from the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, reflected his research views.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.