26/04/2023 — Quarterly Report 2023
On April 25, the company announcement was published in the first quarter of 2023. In the single quarter of 23q1, the company achieved a total of 157.09,23q1 sales volume equal to +7.2 per cent, while the poultry sector continued to earn higher revenues. 2) The poultry industry continued to earn higher revenues. 23q1, the company ' s wrapping of meat/slaughter business/other operations received higher revenues.
The production of new projects in the poultry industry has continued to grow and other revenues have continued to increase. 2.14 pct. 23q1, Company wrapping of meat/slaughter industry.
3.34 pct, Profit margins for packaging meat products, mainly affected by cost increases and exchange rates, lower prices for pigs, higher profit margins for slaughtering operations, reduced Māori rates; cost rates, corporate sales, management, R & D, financial rates, respectively
Accelerating the upgrading of meat products, taking advantage of the opportunities of prefabricated vegetables.
New products such as energy sausages, hot dog intestines, fast foods, Chinese cuisine, cod intestines, intestines, roasted intestines, velocities, frozen pills, etc., accelerate the increase in the tonnage of meat products.
2) Take advantage of prefabricated vegetable opportunities. The company actively exploits the opportunities for the development of the prefabricated vegetable industry, making full use of the dual-sink brand power and deep-deep channel system, developing new products around the "8 main dishes plus cabbage" and developing distribution networks around China and North China, while planning for the construction of large-scale prefabricated vegetable processing in this river city.
The company is one of meat products, a core team of excellence, vertically connected up and down, successful in building economies of scale, wide moats, and accelerating the upgrading of meat products, taking advantage of the opportunities for prefabricated vegetables.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association, is diligent, professional, independent and objective.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.