On the 26th of April, 2020, the size of the memory interface chip market, with a double increase in its share, and the capture of the server platform is still waiting to be released.
The company now accounts for the highest share of its main product, the memory interface chip, which is mainly used in the server.
The market size of the module is inextricably linked to the needs of the server.
Demand rises again. Intel’s Intel’s data centre group operations have been at a high level for the recent past, signalling a strong demand in the server market. In addition, online demand for office, online medical, online education, etc., which is driven by the epidemic, will facilitate the development of data centres and the development of uniforms.
The need for the server will further increase the market size of the memory interface chip. In addition, Irdim's penetration rate, ddr4 displacement, and ddr5 standard promotion will increase the value of the memory interface chip mounted by a single server.
The company has a strong market position and a steady increase in its share of the memory interface. As a company that has introduced the framework of the ddr4 "1+9 " distribution buffer memory subsystems, it has a high market position in the interface chip area, where the company's current market share is already over 40 per cent.
In terms of technology, the market participants in the ddr4 memory interface chip are idt, edging technology, and Rambus, and only idt and edging technology have design capability for db, which has increased the market competitiveness of technology since it was acquired by Risa.
Engineering samples of the ddr5 memory interface and the active layout of the ddr5 server memory module required for the supporting chip, including the power management chip (pmic), the temperature sensor (ts), the serial detection chip
(spd) et al., which is expected to increase market access even further in the ddr5 era.
A server, Oem, has adopted the company’s cpu and system solutions and introduced the corresponding service models, while the company has been working on a continuous basis with companies such as the winning software, the Pepsi software, to build hardware and software. In 2019, the company completed a layout from 0 to 1, with a sales income of $16,262,000.
By 2020, it is expected to continue to do so, making a strong contribution to corporate revenue collection. 1) Research and development for new products is not as expected; 2) market diffusion is not as expected; 3) the epidemic affects supply chain risks.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.