The company released its report for the first quarter of 2020, which recorded revenues of $496 million, or +22.49 per cent, in the reporting period, and fees of $55 million for the company’s shareholdings. If the impact is excluded, the company’s net profit is +38 per cent.
Publication of the 2019 annual report, which generated 1.738 billion yuan, or 1.13 per cent, in return for the mother ' s net profit, 933 million yuan, and the 2020q1 business ring, which is better than ever, has a better view of the server ' s atmosphere \triangleright
A 40.51% increase in the single quarter of the corporate round over 2019q4, a 39.15% increase in the net profit ring and a 81.67% increase in the non-parent net profit ring. The unit is driven by factors such as demand growth in the calculation of beneficial clouds and the spread of the global epidemic.
We're looking at a year-round server climate. Multiple factors, such as product structure optimization in 2019, contributed to higher net profit growth than the recovery rate \triangleright
The year-round decline was mainly due to weak market demand in the server industry. The company’s home-to-house interface chip, which accounts for 99 per cent of the total revenue of the company’s contribution, went downstream to the server market. According to idc, the worldwide server output and sales fell by 0.9 per cent and 1.7 per cent, respectively, in 2019, to 1,174 million and $87.3 billion, respectively.
In 2019, the company captured server operations for $1.6 billion, a substantial increase of 78 per cent in the same year. The annual net return profit of the company grew by 26.6 per cent over the same year, mainly as a result of: (1) an increase in the share of the dddr4gen2plus, which resulted in an increase in the average unit price of the company ' s products.
This has led to an increase in the Māori rate. 2) Sales costs and management costs have decreased from 2018 to 2018, with an increase of $17 million in the same year. The server industry has experienced a turn-over of the landscape during the quarter, and corporate revenue and performance have increased both.
The new generation of memory technology ddr5 has introduced a range of new features that can enhance the reliability, usability and maintenance of memory modules. In 2020, the global dram giants, the stars, the lights, the Hercules and so forth will produce a series of dddr5 products.
The market adoption rate for ddr5 is expected to increase rapidly, with 10 chips expected to be used in the market for lpdddr5+ddr5 products in 2021 rising to 11 chips. In addition, dddr5 will add components such as pmic (power management chip) and ts (temperature sensors) to further increase the value of memory interface chips.
The Cpu and ai chip are expected to be the next business growth point for the company.
The company relies on its research and development experience in the consumption of electronic chips, memory interfaces, chips and server cpu, the first phase of which will be the development of aai processor chips and soc chips for cloud-side data centres.
The application needs of the ai chip will be expanded accordingly. About 230 million dollars, 180 million dollars, and 119 million dollars. We choose the domestic storage chip tap to be innovative, set up to be comparable to the North China and maintain the "recommended" according to 102 times p/e of the comparable company in 2020.
The delivery of the servers fell short of expectations, the development of ddr5 chips fell short of expectations, and the international turmoil led to the company Wang Fang, chief of the electronics industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., and obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai Transport University.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.