With a significant increase in technology q1 ring, the ddr5 upgrade will lead to an increase in the value of the company's 2019 annual report and the 1 2020 quarterly report: 1,738 million yuan in 2019, the same amount.
The growth in corporate performance in 2019 was due mainly to: (1) ddr4gen2plus sales relative to the increase in the share of RAM sales Average sales of chip equal unit price increases to drive growth in Māori rates and net profits; and (2) marketing and management costs.
The decline was marked by a significant decline in sales commissions; (3) interest income earned by companies using idle funds and the company ' s Māori ratio in 2019 increased by 3.42 percentage points from the same year. 2020q1, the company collects ddr5 memory module with an additional built-in power module and an increase in the value of the technology upgrade.
The memory module will for the first time use the module built-in power module technology (vr-on-dimm) to improve the efficiency of the power source management, and the power management chip (pmic) will become an important device for the ddr5 memory module. In addition, upgrades in memory interface chip technology will result in an increase in the value of the chip.
The first generation ddr5cd and db chip prototypes that meet the jedec criteria were sent to the company ' s principal clients and partners for a test evaluation in the second half of 2019.
The pcle chip is going well, and the speed of the platform is growing fast. At that time, most of the agreements in the interconnection area were based on a three-month average daily transaction value (million yuan) based on a third generation high data transfer protocol (pcle 3.0), with a speed of 8 gt/s per channel.
Net liability ratio (%) (2020e) and data transfer rate of pcle 4.0 will reach 16gt/s, supporting higher speeds and data throughput.
China Electronic Investment Holdings Ltd. is well-established in the marketing chain and industrialization of its products. The company completed a slide of a pclé 4.0 retimer chip in 2019, with performance indicators and functionality largely in line with expectations.
The roll-out of the retimer chip, which is the standard market price of 23 April 2020, will bring new performance growth points for companies. The impact of the epidemic on the global economy; the expansion of the catch platform is not as expected; and the development of new products is not as expected.
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business, Wang Da Ting