Murray Medical (300.760.sz)
The company’s product lines cover three main business areas: life-life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, and medical imagery.
In vitro diagnostics and medical images are the first and third breakdowns of the global sales, falling within the category of major sub-totals. 2018 Medical: three-quarter performances of q1 billion (+23.7 per cent) and medical imaging operations of $3.59 billion (+22.6 per cent). The overall Māori ratio is 66.57 per cent, compared to the corresponding figure.
In the end of last year, the company's sales team was close to 3,000, and the sales model was based on direct sales, distribution or combination of both, mainly in the United States, and in Europe's “direct sales plus distribution” sales model.
In recent years, direct sales have accounted for about 20 per cent of the company’s total revenues and 80 per cent of its sales. In 2018, the distribution ratio rose to 83.6 per cent, and the company’s product lines developed in a balanced manner, becoming a domestic platform-type instrumenthead.
The company has invested heavily in research and development, maintaining an average annual sales income of 10 per cent in recent years. It has invested more than $1 billion in three consecutive years, with $1.42 billion in research and development in 2018.
In addition to accelerating innovation in existing products, there is a focus on micro-inventive surgery, among other things.
The emerging field of instruments, which has invested in endoscopic surgical devices and hard mirror systems, and which has built up some technology that will nurture it into a new business growth point: the company has moved from learning, digesting and absorbing innovation to an autonomous innovation phase, especially in ultrasound images, and has moved from following the world's leading technology to leading the way in research and development.
(b) The risk of loss or loss on exchange; the volume of products sold below expectations; and the risk of competition in the industry.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.