Recommended (for the first time), Méri Medical (300,760) Annual Report 2018.
Incident: The company published its annual report for 2018, which achieved business income of $13.753 billion, and increased profitability and business growth. The company ' s Māori rate in 2018 was 66.57%, compared to 66.57% in 2018.
The slight decrease of 0.46 percentage points is mainly due to a decline in the Māori rate of the company’s in vitro diagnostic products. In terms of the cost of the period, the company’s cost control in 2018 was significant, with the cost rate falling by 5.14 percentage points over the same period, driving the company’s profits to increase significantly.
The company’s vital information and support business is operational.
Three product lines are working, and the company’s performance is growing in anticipation. Life information and support products are at their lowest price in December, and the company’s custodians are ranked first in the domestic market, with the former overseas brand monopoly.
In comparison, good import substitution has been achieved. The corporate custodians are the third largest in the international market, but there is still much room for improvement compared to the first and second ones. In vitro diagnosis of products, the domestic vd market has much room for growth over the next few years, and immunization is still available.
Chemical luminous products are important growth points. The company is working to improve product performance and quality, and to supplement reagents further and try to close the gap with foreign giants. The company's blood cell analyser and biochemical analyser share in the domestic market is second and third, respectively, in the industry.
At the same time, the company’s current waterline products are performing well, with high precision, and will continue to drive growth. With regard to medical imaging products, the company has acquired core ultrasound technologies such as domain imaging, cut wave elastic imaging, and technologically compared to the country.
New demand in the domestic market is strong, and the industry is developing fast. Currently, developing countries, including China, demand for the company’s main products is mainly for new demand, while the industry is still in the process.
In addition to the guardianship, blood cellular and biochemical analysers mentioned earlier, companies have the fifth largest global share of tremors, the second highest in the country, and the third highest in the country for ultrasound products.
There are advantages in marketing capacity, and it is hoped that the current branding effect, the advantages of the channel, will facilitate the marketing of new products, and the policy of graded consultations will help to expand the market.
First, the product and channel advantages are strong, and performance is expected to grow well. Company 2019, the “market index” of this rating system is expected to have a depth of 300 indexes.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.