On the 23rd of April 2019, three major operations grew and profitability continued to grow.
The advance in profit distribution was announced, with a 10-dollar dividend (including taxes) to be found for every 10 shares of all shareholders, with a high growth rate in the three major businesses, high-end product activity and a significant increase in profitability.
Market value in circulation (million yuan): Life information and support: plate revenue of $5,224 million, an increase of 23.33 per cent in the same year; in vitro diagnosis: plate income of $4,656 million, an increase of 23.66 per cent in the same year
In vitro diagnostic equipment and reagents were sold up from the previous year. Medical video plates generated revenue of 3,597 million yuan, an increase of 22.55 per cent over the same year, representing an increase of 20.21 per cent over the previous year, which was lower than the increase in income, mainly at the higher end.
A series of Kunon and women's products optimized structure, leading to higher unit prices and overall Māori. Industry landscape, leading policy to the expansion of demand at the grass-roots level. District hospitals and county hospitals reach level-III hospitals and level-III hospitals, respectively.
At the grass-roots medical level, the country has launched a nationwide campaign to promote 37,000 home town health centres and 35,000 community health service centres to level II.
At the district level, primary health-care institutions are being reformed in order to be “crowded” and, by upgrading equipment, to attract and retain primary health-care personnel, upgrade the capacity of primary health-care providers, and facilitate the growth of platform-based equipment enterprises.
In the short and medium term, much of the benefit will be derived from national grass-roots policy drive, grass-roots expansion + national production replacing the two-wheel drive, with a long-term prospect of further breakthroughs in the high-end and international arenas, with a high degree of certainty and room for growth.
Development of new products has not progressed as expected: policy implementation has fallen short of expectations: the risk of exchange rate fluctuations: the price of products High growth in three major operations, high-end product activity and significant increase in profitability.
Of these, 37.98% were received. Guardians, defibrillators, anaesthesia machines, lighthouses, 26.02%, optimization, new generation mid-end custodians, epm series, high-end custodians, n series, and recognition.
It is expected that, with the expansion of the county level and the grass-roots market, the growth rate of 20% will be sustained by surveillance, anaesthetic machines, lightbeds and defibrillators. In vitro diagnostic plates generated operating revenues of $4.656 billion, an increase of 23.66% over the same period, representing the total revenue.
33.63%. Sales of in vitro diagnostic equipment and reagents have increased by 11.70% and 22.73%, respectively, compared to the previous year, and the share of high-end products has gradually increased. The overall Māori rate of the plate has fallen by 2.00%, mainly due to a strong 80% increase in the company ' s chemical luminous products for the new year, adding to the domestic market in 2018
In 2019, the company will be launching luminescence-based products, with the hope of continuing to push ahead with the upgrading of high-end products. The medical video plate generated revenue of 3,597 million yuan, an increase of 22.55% over the previous year, representing the total revenue.
This represents an increase of 20.21% over the previous year’s year’s year’s, which is lower than the rate of increase in income, mainly due to the optimal structure of the high-end series of collons and women’s products, leading to a unit price and an overall Māori uplift. Cost controls are good, with net interest rates rising by 3.81 pcts. The company’s cost controls were reasonable during 2018, with sales in them.
The cost rate was 23.28 per cent, a decrease of 1.12 pct compared to the same period last year; the management cost rate (excluding R & D) was 5.20 per cent, but the management efficiency gains resulted in lower costs over the period, driving the net interest rate up to 27.09 per cent, compared to last year ' s increase in figure 3: M & C, net interest rate
Figure 4: The operating capacity of the Murray medical calendar year has increased significantly, leading to industry levels. The company ' s accounts receivable and inventory turnover days in 2018 were 39.20 and 127.89, respectively, which is an increase over the same period last year and above the industry average.
Research and development inputs drive future growth, high-end manufacturing leadership platforms, and globalization. The medical equipment industry, driven by technological breakthroughs, is the firm’s core competitiveness for high growth.
(mpi, medicalproductinnovation), centred on market orientation, through demand management, product planning, portfolio management, etc., to ensure the development of products needed for the right market. The company has eight major R & D centres around the world, with 2,258 R & D engineers and nearly 500 new people, an increase of 24.45 per cent over the same period last year.
In recent years, companies have launched a series of high-end custodians, an upgrade of the Zonare series of ultrasound products, and high-speed immuno-analysts, cl-6000i, among other products, which are expected to continue to optimize their product structure. The industrial landscape has improved, with China’s market import substitution + grass-roots expansion driven by double-wheel drive.
The company’s brand recognition at home has increased, the market share of its products has been rising, demand for grass-roots expansion has accelerated + the process of substitution of national production has accelerated, and the production of Meri’s products has continued to grow in the country. The international market has generated $5,955 million, or 43.4 per cent, an increase of 15.82 per cent.
As international marketing channels expand and local marketing systems improve, the growth rate in international markets is expected to be sustained or slightly increased. Policy gains, leading to the expansion of grass-roots markets, and the expansion of platform-based leading firms.
In November 2018, the National Health Board issued a report on the overall upgrading of the capacity of district hospitals.
Work programme (2018-2020), which clearly states that by 2020, 500 district hospitals (including some in poor counties) and county hospitals will have reached the level-III and level-III medical hospitals, respectively. The upgrading of district hospitals will require further improvement in the capacity of the wards to provide care, physical and fluid testing, and medical care.
In September 2018, the National Health Board and the National Medical and Medical Administration issued a circular deciding to launch a nationwide campaign entitled “Breathworks for quality services” and to develop a plan for the implementation of the programme.
(c) To promote the upgrading of 37,000 home town health centres and 35,000 community health service centres to level II hospitals. The construction of primary health-care facilities (town health centres, urban community health-care centres) has been lacking for a long time.
A lack of evaluation criteria and financial input has led to a general shortage of skilled personnel, unequal distribution of resources, and weak service capacity in primary health-care institutions.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.