M.M.M. (300760) Medical biology performed well as expected, and three product lines continued to grow rapidly.
Events: The company achieved business income of 13.35 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 23.1 per cent in the same year; net profit return of 37.72 billion yuan, an increase of 43.6 per cent in the same year; net profit of 3.69 billion yuan after deduction, an increase of 43.0 per cent in the same year, and continued steady growth and performance of the three major businesses per year.
This represents an increase of 23.1 per cent, resulting in a net profit of 3.72 billion yuan to the mother, representing an increase of 43.6 per cent in the same year.
With the continued expansion of overseas markets, the company’s products continue to enter high-end global markets and penetrate the domestic market at the grass-roots level, and, by volume of sales, the main product custodians, defibrillators, anesthetics and lightbeds grew by 26.0% and 23.7% respectively in 2018.
In the case of cylindrical devices, the accelerated entry of high-end products such as current waterlines into the country’s main tria hospital is expected to replicate the successful path of the monitors. In the case of biochemical diagnostic operations, companies are constantly improving diagnostic reagents and increasing reagents at a faster rate, with an increase of 22.7% and 11.7%, respectively, in the case of in vitro diagnostic reagents and diagnostic instruments, by volume of sales, in 2018;
3) Medical video business: 3,597 million yuan, an increase of 22.5 per cent over the same period. The country’s top areas are dominated by imports, with the acquisition of Sonare as a leading country-owned export-substitution for imports, the introduction of the dc and resona series of high-end products, and the start of large-scale alternatives to imports in high-end markets in the country, while at the sea.
The break-up led to a Māori rate of 66.6 per cent in 2018, while companies strengthened their internal management and marketing systems, with overhead and sales costs of $710 million and $3.200 billion respectively in 2018, an increase of 10.5 per cent and 17.4 per cent in the same year, which was lower than the rate of increase in revenue and a significant increase in corporate profitability.
R & D + extension, with positive support becoming one of the world’s largest medical equipments. Companies focus on autonomous R & D and extended M & As, with R & D spending at around 8-10% in previous years, R & D investment at 1.42 billion yuan in 2018, 25.5% in comparison, and R & D at 10.3% of revenue.
The product is highly competitive in the market, while firms are acquiring advanced technology and integrated marketing channels, and the business area is expanding to become the largest medical instrument in the domestic product line. In the new product domain, companies also provide a breakdown of high growth prospects, such as microfiche and high-value consumables. 1) The domestic market:
It is expected that the dividends from import substitution and graded consultations will be far from over, and we can judge that the dividends from policy will continue for another decade, with the company being the leader of the country, with a clear pre-existing advantage; 2) Overseas: the North American market is the largest market for the company and the most important strategic market for the company abroad, and we believe that with the company at the top of the firm,
Products are increasingly recognized by mainstream medical institutions overseas, and North America will be the entry point for companies into the global high-end market, and demand will be as strong in international emerging markets, where companies will continue to take advantage of value-for-money advantages. We believe that companies have the genetic excellence to become global medical giants, and continue to look good.
Growth space, with a long-term high-growth phase, will maintain a “buy-in” rating.
(218-10-30) No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report, and Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.