M.M.I.P. (300,760) Review report. 28/04/04/04/04, with efficiency gains and R & D leading leaders growing.
On April 28, company announcement 2019q1, the company achieved a revenue of $3.906 billion during the reporting period.
Market value in circulation (millions of dollars): In one quarter, the company's three major operations continued its high growth performance in 2018. In 2019, the company is expected to continue to “renovate both internally and externally” and benefit internally from the structural upgrading of high-end products and externally from the national grass-roots level.
The company has achieved a scale effect and has continuously increased its internal management efficiency, resulting in lower costs and a higher net profitability during the period. 19q1 company sales cost 20.51 per cent, a decrease of 0.37 pt compared to the same period last year, a decrease of 4.10 per cent in management costs, and a decrease of 1.66 pt compared to the same period last year, with a net interest rate at the parent rate of 1.66 pt.
A new product, cl-6000i, was released in a quarter, a completely new bs-2000m biochemical detection system, with more than 60 international patent certifications for in vitro diagnostics.
At the same time, the company ' s resona 7 Doppler ultrasound system received its second Shenzhen.
In the short and medium term, the country will benefit greatly from grass-roots policy drive, grass-roots expansion + national production as a two-wheel drive.
There is a long-term expectation of further breakthroughs in the high-end and international arenas, with a high degree of certainty of growth. We, Liu Hye Min, have not advanced as expected in the development and development of new products: policy implementation has fallen short of expectations: exchange rate fluctuations risk: product prices
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.