· For the first time, a steady growth in performance, the status of a reinforced instrument, Huang Schixie.
The rate of growth is steady, and the three operations are growing evenly. In terms of the cost of the period, the company's sales costs and management costs are $3.202 billion, respectively, compared to the company's control fee reduction strategy, and its sales and management costs fall in proportion to the same rate.
1.12 percentage points and 0.49 percentage points. By way of a breakdown of the business portfolio, the growth rate of the three major operations of the company was largely consistent in 2018, at about 23 per cent: 1) the income from life information and support operations was $5,224 million, which is about the size of the battalion.
Thirty-eight per cent of the revenue was received, as companies already enjoy a higher brand reputation in this area, and the share of the country's municipalities remained steadily rising, with 26 per cent growth in the sale of guardianship instruments among core products, 44 per cent increase in tremors and 29 per cent increase in anaesthesia machines; and (2) $4.626 billion in in vitro diagnostics, about the total.
Thirty-four per cent of the receipts, with chemical luminous immune products accompanied by an increase in instrument loads and an increase in the income structure (2018y) of the range of reagents, which is growing more rapidly; 3) the medical imaging industry has generated income of 3,597 million yuan.
About 26 per cent of the total, with sales of coloured super-products increasing by 20 per cent. So far, the breakthroughs in corporate technology and the company ' s ultrasound series of products have largely covered the lower end of the country ' s high-school market, compared to 300 in the last six months.
There has also been a steady increase in the market presence on the international market, recognized by experts in the industry. Research and development investment has continued to increase, and product innovation has increased its performance.
In 2018, research and development investments in companies reached 1,420 million yuan, representing a share of revenue. The Division’s research and development team was expanding, reaching 2,258 by the end of 2018.
In addition, in 2018, the company launched multi-grade upgrades and innovative high-end products, including the new generation of mid-end custodians epm series, n high-end custodians in North America, and tm80 telemetry.
Systems upgrades, te series product upgrades, zonare series product upgrades, high-speed immune sub-producer cl-6000i, mini-chemical desktop immunology analyser cl-9000i, sal9000 bio-immunization level confederates, high-speed bio-chemical analyser bs-2000m products, etc., further meeting the medical needs of clients at different levels
The demand for treatment increases the coverage of the company’s product line and enhances its performance. Sales networks are growing, with a vision of global markets.
By the end of 2018, the company had nearly 3,000 sales workers and branches in more than 30 provinces and municipalities of the country Autonomous Communities, with subsidiaries in more than 30 countries outside the country, with over 190 countries and territories.
Nearly 110,000 medical institutions and more than 99% of tri-a hospitals in China. In 2018, companies successfully entered many high-end medical institutions around the world, including members of the French first-largest group of hospitals, the French University of Sorbonne Teaching Hospital, the UK’s largest cardio-pulmonary hospital, Royalapworth.
The company plans to expand its existing branches in 18 cities in Shanghai, Fuzhou, Chengdu in 2019, with the necessary equipment, personnel, and better equipment.
As the global distribution network expands, the company’s market share is expected to continue to grow steadily in the future, guaranteeing sustained performance. Risks from changes in industry’s regulatory policies; risks from product R & D; offshore operations; and changes in international policies
In our view, the company, as a leading company for domestic medical devices, now has a well-established market base and marketing network. As a result, the market for medical devices in the country has been accompanied by recent years.
Rapid growth, and further increased concentration in the industry, will hopefully highlight the vanguard advantage of rapidly taking up market shares, raising market rates, and achieving clear growth performance. Moreover, as companies have long focused on innovative inputs, innovation products continue to be introduced each year to meet clients at all levels.
For the first time, we give the company a “prudentially increased” rating. Schedule 1 summary income and loss statement and projections (in millions of yuan)
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.