The company published a quarterly report, which achieved a gross operating income of $3.906 billion during the reporting period, up from the same period in the previous year.
The net cash flow was $467 million, an increase of 8 per cent over the same period. Overall performance was slightly higher than expected.
1. The increase in procurement for all lines of operations reported as high-quality growth in the year resulted in an increase in accounts payable. Other receivables of $248 million were due mainly to an increase in interest receivable and VAT refunds receivable.
Q1 is expected to achieve robust strategies on a high base based on life information and support products, driven by in vitro diagnostic products, expanded by medical imaging products, developed thinking in emerging areas of growth, such as micro-surgery, etc.
3. " Rapidly reported growth and robust future profit levels are expected to continue to be clear. During the reporting period, the company released a new product, cl-6000i, with a new two-module chemical luminal immune system and a completely new bs-2000m biochemical detection system, which further strengthened product capabilities in the vd area.
In April 2019, the company considered and adopted the Bill on the Long-term Cash Incentive Scheme for the Company, which is intended primarily for high-potential, high-performing employees of the company and does not exceed 582 million yuan yuan.
Successfully Obtaining Certificates of Good Performance, 2 years, will further consolidate the company’s competitive edge within the industry. A firm’s dominant business (e.g. custody, defibrillation, anaesthesia, blood analysis, ultrasound, etc.) has a strong lead in national production.
We believe that companies will continue to be the country’s most market-competitive and long-term growing complex of medical equipment, technology and production.
Substantial investment in product R & D has been maintained and the global layout has deepened, with companies looking to obtain greater market attention for their scarce value. 10 per cent; changes in industrial policy; product R & D; risk of falling product prices; and friction-related winds in Central American trade
Risk: Exchange rate fluctuations: risk from distributor sales patterns Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged final rating as market average investment