M.M.M. (300,760) Pharmaceutical biology has grown well throughout the quarter, looking forward to its year-round performance, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: The company achieved operating income of $3.9 billion in the first quarter of 2019, an increase of 20.7 per cent in the same year; the parent ' s net profit of $10 billion, an increase of 24.6 per cent in the same year; the net profit after deduction of $10.0 billion, an increase of 28.3 per cent in the same year; the three major sectors showed good growth and slightly outperform market expectations.
The profits increased by 20.7 per cent and 24.6 per cent over the same period, with a slightly higher performance ceiling than expected in the market.
The pace of implementation has also slowed down. Given the current trend towards a better economic situation in the country, and the start-up of capital purchases at the grass-roots market in March, it is expected that from the second quarter, the company ' s medical image business will start to work: 3) In vitro diagnosis: chemical light is still in rapid release, blood cell products are growing steadily and projected
The income of the skeletal products increased by 15-20% in the first quarter of the year. Overall, companies maintained a better growth trend in their portfolio operations during the quarter, and we looked forward to the company’s performance throughout the year 2019. • The growth rate of overseas markets increased significantly, and the domestic market grew steadily. Subregionally: 1) The offshore market: Emerging international markets
With continuous integration and harmonization, we judge that the growth rate of the overseas market will continue to rise; 2) domestic market: the upgrading of district hospitals continues, with the company ' s revenues from level II hospitals rising significantly, and 2019 q1 is projected to be between 30 and 35 per cent, and mid- and low-end market space is expected to move forward as graded consultations and grass-roots expansion continue.
With regard to level III hospitals, product penetration rates such as the company resona series, high flux chemical luminometers and high-end custodians are rising, and it is expected that high-end markets will continue to drive a steady and high growth in corporate business as a whole.
By expanding domestic and foreign markets, products are also rapidly released. 1) Product expansion: In the three business sectors, there are new and new product lines in the areas of life information and support and in vitro diagnosis, and companies are also setting up such areas as low-growth, high-value waste materials. We believe that with strong corporate R & D capabilities,
With adequate financial support, new businesses will continue to grow and contribute more to the company’s profits; 2) Market expansion: the general trend of domestic hierarchies and import substitution remains clear, the market space of health-care institutions at all levels continues to expand, and companies are steadily increasing their share of the market as domestic producers. Meanwhile, companies have been marketed abroad for many years, globally.
With the growing structure of the marketing system and the maturity of the conditions for full-scale entry into the overseas market, we judge that the overseas market is about to enter a period of high growth and become a long-term growth point for companies.
2. Murray Medical Care (300760): performance in line with expectations.
(218-10-30) No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report, and Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.