The Medical Health Research Centre reported a breakthrough in the high-quality growth of all lines of business. The company published its annual report, which generated business income of 13.753 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 23 per cent over the previous year;
During the same period the previous year saw an increase of 44 per cent; the realization of non-net profit of $3.691 billion from the previous year, an increase of 43 per cent from the same period; corporate income of q4 and net profit of return continued to grow positively, with growth rates of 23 per cent and 38 per cent, respectively; company efficiency continued to be optimized during the reporting period; cost controls were prominent; and sales costs of $3.20 billion, an increase of the same amount.
17% long; management costs 715 million yuan, an increase of 10% from the same year. Corporate R & D costs increased by 24% from the current period by 1,267 million yuan. Financial costs - 156 million yuan - mainly due to current exchange gains and losses versus profits 1. Q1 is expected to be robust on a high base.
The amount of money held exceeds $11.5 billion and the size of the accounts receivable and inventory is kept under control.
3. The signing of the Strategic Cooperation Framework with the Government of the Light Zone -- Mai, where sales of the three main product lines of the company continued to grow by more than 20 per cent and where the product was dynamic and varied over the reporting period.
The number of research and development personnel increased by nearly 500. 51 new medical equipment registrations were added to the company during the reporting period, and a total of 51 are currently being evaluated by the Méri Medical Corporation. 2018.9.17 There are 436 medical equipment registrations and a large number of competitive products are on the market.
National production leadership (such as guardianship, defibrillation, anaesthesia, blood analysis, ultrasound, etc.) is strong, and international competitiveness is increasing: respirators, injection pumps, condensation, chemical light, Poc ultrasound, etc.
We believe that companies will continue to be the country’s most competitive market and long-term growth space for integrated medical devices, with a strong investment in technology and product research and development, a further deepening of the global layout, and the company’s scarce value.
The company is the largest producer of medical equipment in the country, and its products reach nearly 110,000 medical institutions and 99% of tri-a-hospitals in the country, with wide international recognition.
During the selection exercise, companies were selected for multiple products with multiple lines of product, reflecting the company ' s overall and corporate income of 13.753 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 23 per cent over the previous year; total profits of 4,238 million yuan, an increase of 45 per cent over the previous year; and net returns of 3,719 million yuan, an increase over the same period in the previous year.
One billion yuan, representing an increase of 21 per cent and 22 per cent, respectively, in cash flows of good quality.In the reporting period, the efficiency of companies has been optimized, cost controls have been particularly effective, with sales costs of $3.200 billion, a 17 per cent increase over the same period; administrative costs of $715 million, an increase of 10.47 per cent over the same period; and research and development costs of $1,267 million.
The financial cost - $156 million - is mainly due to the positive contribution of current exchange gains and losses to profits of $189 million, compared with the loss of $154 million in the previous year.
At the end of 2018, the company had nearly 3,000 marketing workers. More than 30 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of the country have branches, have subsidiaries in more than 30 countries abroad, and its products are sold to more than 190 countries and territories.
The company has a global after-sales service system with a three-tier technical support structure outside the country, 28 subsidiaries abroad offer overseas local service hotlines to receive customer service announcements, and more than 100 in-country direct service sites provide on-site services and technical support to clients.
There is a complete "Headquarters - Branch - Direct Service Station - Service Subcontractor" service network structure with 31 branches, more than 60 in-situ direct service stations, more than 600 high-quality authorized services Subcontractors with more than 500 direct engineers and more than 150 clinical applications engineers
In 2019, company sales amounted to $11,466 million, or 83 per cent of total revenue; direct sales resulted in the expansion of stock operations leading the way.
During the reporting period, there was a steady increase in the company ' s line of operations, with a 23.2 per cent increase in corporate income from medical devices and a 66.6 per cent decrease in the Māori rate, or 0.49 per cent, compared to the previous period.
65.7%, an increase of 0.19% over the same period. For example, the sale of guardianship devices increased by 26%, except for tremors by 44% and an anaesthesia by 29%, and light bed towers by 32%. High-end supervision, high-end anesthesia, high-end respirators, etc., entered more hospitals for severe diseases and anesthesia, surgical light bed towers, etc.
There has also been a higher growth in the number of new and expanded hospital projects: the in vitro diagnostics business has reached $4.63 billion, a 24 per cent increase over the same period; the Māori business rate has been 64.1 per cent, a 2 per cent decrease over the same period: corporate chemical luminous immune products have been upgraded with instrument loads and reagents.
There has been a significant increase in the number of categories, a steady increase in the sales of blood cell analysers and biochemical analysers, and the entry of blood cell waterline products into level III hospitals in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Hangzhou, etc. Medical video operations generated revenues of $3.6 billion, an increase of 22.6 per cent over the same period; and the Māori rate of operations of 71.0 per cent.
The same-year increase of 0.54 per cent. For example, the number of sales outlets increases by 20 per cent. Company-specific cutting wave elastic imaging technology is applied to high-end desktop colours on the field imaging technology platform. Once launched, it is well received by both national and international experts, and the high-end colours enter a large number of places quickly.
At the end of 2018, the number of research and development personnel stood at 2,258, up from the same period the previous year.
High-end custodian North American version, benefusion pump ease of use and performance upgrade, tm80 telemetry upgrade, te series upgrade, zonare series upgrade, mid- and low-end full new x-insight series, Quick Immunization Analysis cal-6000i, mini-modified desktop immune score
A series of new products with better value for money and competitiveness in the same order as the market, such as the dichotomycl-900i, the sal 9000 B.I.C.C., the high-speed biochemical analyser bs-2000m product upgrades 738 new patent applications and 174 authorizations throughout 2018; by the end of 2018,
A total of 3989 patent applications, authorizing 2,742.  National leadership in corporate niches (e.g. custody, defibrillation, anaesthesia, blood analysis, ultrasound, etc.)
We believe that the future will continue to be the country’s most competitive market and long-term growth space for integrated medical equipment, with a strong investment in technology and product development, a further deepening of the global layout, and a growing global presence.
It is expected that scarce values will receive greater attention in the market. In addition, the firm’s strength is prominent, and based on the annual report’s future corporate plans to combine global market opportunities, step by step to optimize the integration platform for strong integration, replicable, and high growth, with a strategic vision
▪ Industrial policy risk: product research and development risk: price reduction risk for health insurance: trade friction risk in China and the United States: an analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment