Performance growth was slightly higher than expected, and the innovation product increased its performance by issuing the first quarter report of 2019.
Performance growth is slightly higher than expected, and incentive schemes have increased the competitive advantage of talent The income from company-owned operations has been steadily increasing during the reporting period, while the emerging business has continued to function continuously Basic data (2019q1)
The corporate performance as a whole showed a sustained growth; the parent net profit increased by $1.006 billion, compared with 24.59 per cent, with slightly higher market expectations; and the net profit lost from the parent net profit increased by $998 million, compared with the corporate control fee reduction strategy, with lower sales and management costs, respectively.
At the same time, the company announced on 24 April that it would promote rapid growth in the company’s business by offering high-potential, industry-wide competitive advantages for talent. R & D costs continued to grow, and innovation products increased their performance.
The company, as the country's leading medical equipment with autonomous R & D capabilities, has always followed the path of mastery of core technology, making technological breakthroughs and consolidating the market position of the company. In the first quarter of 2019, R & D costs to the company amounted to $344 million, representing about 8.80 per cent of the revenue.
In April 2019, the company resona 7 Doppler ultrasound received the second Shenzhen Global Design Award for Gold in Industrial Design, the only one to have won the Gold Award.
Medical appliances products. The growing abundance of product lines, with company market penetration expected to increase continuously, will lead to steady overall performance growth; the risk of out-of-pocket and international policy changes; the risk of exchange rate fluctuations; and the risk of distribution patterns by distributors;
In our view, the company, as the leading company in the country's medical apparatus, now has a good market base and marketing network. As a result, it has been associated with the country's market for medical equipment in recent years.
With rapid growth and a further increase in industry concentration, companies will be expected to highlight their leadership, rapidly capture market shares, raise market rates, and have clear growth performance. Moreover, as companies have long focused on innovative inputs, innovation products continue to be introduced each year to meet clients at all levels.
For the next six months, the company’s “prudentially increased” rating will be maintained. The summary of gains and losses and projections for schedule 1 (in millions of yuan)
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.