The first quarter of 2019, M.M.I. (300,760) reported a clear advantage in maintaining a fast-growing industry.
The growth in business was rapid, with falling cost rates driving up net interest rates. Corporate performance of 2019q1 was fast growing, mainly because of the continued dynamism of new business and the continuing recognition of new product markets.
Upgrade, expansion of domestic and international marketing, improvement of localization systems, and improvement in management efficiency: sales, management and financial costs fell 0.36 per cent, 1.66 per cent, and corporate R & D rates increased 0.14 per cent to 8.8 per cent, respectively, in the first quarter of the year.
The company released a new product, cl-6000i, a chemical photo-immunology system and a completely new bs-2000m biochemical detection system in the first quarter, with more than 60 national and international patents
In terms of life information and support products, the company’s custodians are ranked first in the domestic market, and have achieved a good import substitution compared to the previous foreign brand break. The company’s custodians are in the international market.
The city is ranked third, but there is still much room for improvement compared to the first and second levels. With regard to in vitro diagnosis, the vd market in the country has much room for growth in the coming years, and immunization, chemical light products, are important growth points. Companies are investing in improving product performance and quality, and
The company's blood cell analyser and biochemical analyser have a second and third place in the domestic market and are in the forefront of the industry. At the same time, the company's current waterline products are better performing, more accurate, and more accurate.
With regard to medical imaging products, companies have mastered core ultrasound technologies such as domain imaging, cut wave elastic imaging, and are technologically ahead of other companies in the country. Companies will have full power over low-end ultrasound products in high schools in the future.
New demand in the domestic market is booming, and the industry is growing rapidly. At present, the demand for the main products operated by companies, including China, is mainly new, and the industry is still in the process of generating rapid growth as a result of the new demand.
In addition to the twin and biochemical analysers, companies are ranked fifth in the world, second in the country, and third in the country for ultrasound products. As domestic industry leaders, companies have an advantage in the technical and marketing capabilities of their products, and it is hoped that with the current branding effect, the channels will be excellent.
To promote the marketing of new products, and through the policy of hierarchizing diagnostics, to expand grass-roots markets, to maintain recommended ratings. The industry is now in the middle and long term, with companies leading the industry, with strong product and channel advantages and promising good growth.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company's relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.