In the evening of 24 March 2024, China ' s petrochemical annual report for 2023 was published.
Billion dollars, a decline of 9.87 per cent in the same year; a net profit of 60,692 million won on the non-repatriation of mothers, an increase in the same year; a strong petrochemical dragon and a good core.
In 2023, the net profit from the mother was lower than in the year before, but the net profit from the deduction was higher than in the year after, mainly because the company transferred 13.7 billion yuan from the share in Shanghai in 2022, while in 2023, the research assistant in the Hu Xiaoxian petrochemical industry
Without this impact, the accumulation of mining rights to yield RMB 7.4 billion has led to a fixed profit margin. From the company’s core business, we estimate that in 2023, the company achieved a total of RMB 85.474 billion in revenues from exploration, refining and marketing of the plates, which is a year-on-year increase.
In 12 per cent of these, the upstream exploration and development plate was affected by the fall in oil prices, with a profit margin of the same magnitude, but with the benefit of additional production from the company and efficiency gains from the downside, the upstream plate performance remained elastic; and the benefits of downstream refining plate efficiency and the chemical panels were significantly reduced, with marketing and distribution boards becoming more visible.
The solid operation of the block has effectively increased the company ' s operating earnings, the performance of the core plate has continued to yield higher yield + lower efficiency gains, and the base of exploration and development operations has continued to strengthen. The price of crude oil in 2023 remained high and the average price of Brent crude oil was $82.49 per barrel, compared to $16.72 per cent.
The average realized crude oil price was $3962 per ton, a decrease of 10.9 per cent compared with the international oil price, which is in contrast to the strategic objective of “stable oil and gas”. In terms of precipitation, in 2023, the company’s hydrocarbon cash operations amounted to 279 million barrels of oil, 137,7.7 million cubic feet of natural gas were produced, and the upstream operating base continued to tighten.
Investing in the restructuring of production and substantial improvements in the operating benefits of refining operations. The refined oil plate, 2023, was optimized, and commercial activities resumed, to some extent, to boost the oil production.
Market demand, according to the IDRC, the apparent consumption of finished oils was 385 million tons, an increase of 11.8 per cent compared to the previous year. The company actively adjusted the structure of production and the domestic and foreign sales of products in line with market demand to achieve a year-round processing of 258 million tons of crude oil, an increase of 6.3 per cent compared with the corresponding increase in kerosene production.
Oversupply in the cross-cutting industry continues, and corporate chemical panels continue to suffer losses, but are under stress and corporate costs, with corporate chemical panels losing $6 billion, a significant loss of $8.1 billion, compared to $8.1 billion. We believe that, while the current population travels regularly, there is still a flow of passengers from civil aviation.
There's gotta be room repair, and the demand for the finished oil is expected to stay strong; it's subject to the weakness of domestic real estate, folding up of Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The chemical panels are still waiting to be repaired by factors such as supply and demand conflicts in the sector.
Compared to the capital expenditure of the company in 2023 and 2024, the share of the company ' s capital expenditure on exploration and development, refining, chemical, marketing and distribution plates in 2024 was 45 per cent, 14 per cent, 26 per cent and 11 per cent, respectively, compared to 2023, when exploration and development and chemicals continued to be the principal capital expenditure of the company.
We believe that the company's increased exploration efforts in the areas of “deep ground engineering” and shale oil and gas, as well as the increase in high-quality large-scale reserves, have effectively contributed to increasing the size of production and the safeguarding of raw material resources; refining industrial assets, as a central competitive advantage in Central petrochemicals, are expected to advance low-cost “oil transformation” in the future, plus
The firm’s total proposed deployment for the end of 2023 is \triangleright.
The value of the company's long-term investment is further highlighted by the discovery of 23,870 million dividends, and by the fact that in mid-2023, it was found that the company, as the leader of the country's petrochemical conglomerates, continued to build up its high-quality development while focusing on shareholder returns.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the company ' s net return profits for 2024-2026 to be \triangleright and shareholder returns to increase effectively, respectively, and the company ' s future performance growth and investment value are expected
We emphasize that we maintain a corporate “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: the risk of large fluctuations in crude oil prices; the risk of a company's new production capacity falling short of expectations; the risk of downstream demand being repaired short of expectations; and the risk of substitution for the sale of new energy vehicles.
Mr. Zhang Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Council for Geology and Mineral Economics, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's Pool of Experts, Member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (chaired) for more than 10 years, conducted research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and presided over the “13th Five” National Coal Survey
In June 2016, China joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre to carry out research in the coal sector. Liu Honghwang, a doctor from Beijing University, was an expert and assistant director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics Technology, and the China Environmental Science Society has been responsible for research in the coal sector.
Committee members, research on energy transformation, carbon neutrality, petrochemical industry development, etc., have led studies on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and have participated in the preparation of policy documents relating to the construction of new energy systems, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development in ministries.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical sector. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in petrochemicals.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.