China ' s petrochemicals (600028.sh) High-point red petrochemicals company, continuing to promote high-quality development
The corresponding decline of 3.2 per cent; and the realization of a net return of 60,460 million yuan, a 9.9 per cent decline over the same period, of which the 04 quarter realized operating gains of 449.63, 206.08, 259.39, respectively, from exploration and exploitation, oil refining, marketing and distribution operations of the Division, with losses of 57.3 per cent being lower than the same gain, the upstream section had lower profits than the fall or drag on the company ' s performance.
The main reasons for this are: first, the fall in international oil prices, and second, the fact that companies are planning mining concessions to yield $7.4 billion, as well as a rapid rebound in domestic demand for finished oil, a better demand for chemical products, and a stronger demand dynamic for downstream plates.
To benefit from the sharp fall in international oil prices and the fall in insurance premiums from overseas, the company has achieved an increase of $9 per ton in refined oil by $353 per ton. We believe that the increase in refined oil and crude oil processing by the same amount is the driving force of the real share (million shares) of total equity liquidity.
The main reason for the significant improvement in the profits of the refined plates is that the market value of the circulationa shares (millions of dollars) and the high dividends of the Red petrochemical Corporation, which continues to promote the high-quality development company as our petrochemical company, remain high.
The share of the company in 2017-2022 was in full-scale oil stabilization, with 279.06 million barrels of crude oil and 137.97 billion cubic feet of natural gas planned to be produced throughout the year; the refining side will move in an orderly manner towards low-cost “oil conversion” and greater “oil transfer” throughout the year.
Processing of 260 million tons of crude oil and production of 159 million tons of finished oil; sales operations will enhance intellectual capacity, consolidate market share, accelerate construction of integrated energy service providers for “hydrohydrogens” with an annual planned distribution of 191 million tons of finished oil throughout the year; chemical industries will insist on “base + high end” and nurture “cost + value added”
+The new advantage of green low carbon is the planned production of 14.35 million tons of ethylene throughout the year. 9.93 times the recommended rating is maintained.
Rehabilitating chemical price differentials _ 20231027 _ Galactic Chemical _ China petrochemical _ Implementation of stock buy-back programmes, value revaluation conducted _ 20230921
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in the customers of Galaxy securities, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.