q3 income growth was smooth, and investment returns were small and low. Gold Dragonfish (300999), tri-quarter review in 2020.
On 31 October, the Golden Dragonfish published a three-monthly report for 2020, which generated $139,993 million in revenue during the reporting period, compared with the single-quarter net profit of $53,022,082 million earned by the company and +13.70 per cent/+10.04 per cent, respectively.q3 recorded steady growth in performance, smooth growth in kitchen food operations and recovery in feed raw materials operations
\triangleright, 20q3 continues with a steady growth of 20h1. While the new crown epidemic has had some negative effects on downstream demand, corporate production, etc., the company has taken a number of measures to respond positively, with positive results.
Kitchen foods, which are consumer goods of a routine nature with rigid demand, have not had a significant impact on the epidemic and have remained stable and growing; zero. Sales products are expected to be affected by rising demand for downstream household consumption, with higher retail volumes compared to higher levels of growth; and feed raw material operations are affected by rising levels of raw pig stocks and a recovery in downstream demand, which has performed well.
At the profit end, the 20q3 profit end increase remained stable owing to a slight increase in the Māori rate and a lower cost than in the case of the Unit compared to the 300-year-old trend, and an improvement in the main business profit ratio; however, q3 profit end gains and losses were affected by derivative financial instruments, and the profit end increase was lower than in the case of the q3 profit end.
At the end of the three-quarter period, the net profit growth ring for companies declined, mainly because (1) 20h1 kitchen food sales were less affected by the epidemic and the effects of the African pigpest weakened, leading to higher net profit growth in the main industry: (2) 19h1 was affected by the African pigpest epidemic, and feed raw materials such as soybeans were prepared to lower their performance base.
The impact of 20q3 has been gradually reduced, and corporate ownership has returned to normal levels of business, which has led to a return to a steady increase in profits. Māori rates have gone up the same scale, and marketing costs have been effectively controlled due to rising household demand during the epidemic, high demand for small packaging and retail clothing, with higher levels of Māori for this type of product;
In the previous three quarters, the company had an overall cost of 5.50 per cent, i.e. 4.73 per cent, i.e. 2.08 per cent, i.e. 4.33 per cent of the cost of sales, and a strong industry headline, and increased productive capacity for the first three quarters of the company.
The company is now the head of the food and oil industry, with a well-developed product matrix and a rich brand matrix, and many products are the first in the modern market, and it is expected to continue to benefit from rising consumption and market concentration in the future.
Size: A well-established direct marketing + distribution model has been established to cover retail, catering, and industrial channels. This ipo project is intended to expand production capacity and reduce the pressure on sales during peak periods.
The model will be further expanded, with medium- and long-term growth potential.
The firm’s headlines are strong, robust, and well-established, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Industry competition has increased, costs have risen more than expected, food safety has increased, and so forth.
In 2018, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, joined the public securities industry, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,