Profit continues to rise and wait for the business model to break through. Events: The company's quarterly reports show that 856 million yuan, yoy + 35.29 per cent, was collected during the quarter.
The net profit of the mother is $73,98.27 million, yoy + 4.69 per cent, and the ps 0.06. The company simultaneously released □ R & D inputs and marketing layouts, with a marked increase in the Mäori rate.
Market size accelerates expansion. But net profits have increased in single digits, mainly because of the continued growth in R & D and marketing inputs, with management and marketing costs increasing by 39.86% and 50.89%, respectively. We judge that large corporate investment in core technology R & D will be sustainable.
The company began to build large-scale marketing channels in 2015 and launched the “1520” project in the second half of last year, with notable results, and is expected to be close to the end of this year, with a reduction in the annual cost of sales leaving room for profit growth. But one quarter of the company's Māori rate is 48.23 per cent.
This is an increase of 2.34 percentage points in the same year, and it is expected that education and smart customer service will make a larger contribution. The company’s first half-year performance forecast, with net profits falling significantly in the same year, was largely due to the non-recurrent gain and loss of $117 million in the second quarter of last year, when the impact was removed.
In the field of education, the company has been using the "Application of Free Extension + Value Added Operating Services" billion yuan channel since 2015, which has been used in 10,000 schools throughout the country since 2016 and has thousands of schools.
Schools achieve normal applications. As can be seen from the significant increase in the level of Maori in educational products and services, the network of intellectuals has gradually entered the harvest period after its initial large-scale investment. The company is also planning to operate this year on the commercialization of an individualized learning tutoring service based on the ai.
The company recently signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Beijing Institute of Medical Sciences and the College of Medical Sciences of China for the construction of medical doctors.
The Joint Research Centre for Artificial Intelligents (JRCAI). The Association is the only national medical science centre in the country, the Ai+ Medical Joint Research Centre, established by the Huaan Securities tmt group, is currently the top medical research centre in the country.
Reflecting this is an extremely strong ability to integrate big data and experts in the health sector. In joint research, the firm will not benefit directly in the short term, but it will help it build China’s own smart medicine with the leading ai’s technical and medical knowledge, and further expand its product applications and markets.
□ Profit predictions and investment proposals suggest that good policy will drive the company to speed up the construction of theai ecosystem, that the ai+ landscape is gradually entering the harvest period, that large-scale inputs are nearing completion, that the performance trap is approaching, and that the company will keep buying.
In the 12-month period from the date of this report, the equity (or industry index) is defined as follows: No rating - it is not possible to obtain the necessary information, or the company is faced with a significant uncertainty of unpredictable results, or for other reasons it is not possible to give a clear investment rating. The market benchmark index is 300.
The information and comments in this report are provided for information purposes only. The information and comments in the report are provided for information purposes.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.