It's about the end of the scale, and it's getting closer to the performance point □ focus on the source technology, expand the industry's track, build on the core strengths.
The company's core strengths in source technology and industry have been developed. At source technology, the company has a traditional advantage in the realm of intelligent voice in perception intelligence, and in the last two years, it's breaking through cognitive intelligence, and the ability to find effective information in machine reasoning learning and big information is global.
Lead. In the commercial transformation of the source technology, the company focuses on industry applications, proposes a "platform + track", anui platform open to entrepreneurial teams and partners, and on the trade track of education, health, public scrutiny, etc., the company insists on "best algorithms, best data, best experts."
Building barriers to application and gradually expanding in depth. □ Education is market-oriented for 10 billion people, and it's harvest-time.
Ideas network achieves the collection of all-round data on routine examinations, jobs, walk-in tests, etc.; comprehensive student-centred evaluation reports for all levels of authority, schools, teachers, parents with 15 modules and more than 80 indicators; through the Ministry of Education, the North Masters and other directors of quality resource plants
To create the largest collection of knowledge points; to collate and recommend knowledge points based on students' weaknesses, and to develop a lifelong learning record; to integrate the technology of tele-braining into machine readings, and to improve the efficiency of teacher readings, while making students targeted without changing the way they learn.
Learning. By investing substantial resources in education, companies have built core strengths in technology, resources, and channels.
□ With the resources of top-level medical specialists in the country, the ai+ approach to cognitive intelligence, the company's artificial intelligence technology has two dimensions in the field of medicine, the first of which is the use of sensory, intelligent speech recognition technology to solve the problem of outpatient electronic medical records. 80% of hospitals in the United States have electronics.
In China, most hospitals do not have electronic records. Given the unique environment in which hospitals operate, only the country has voice technology that solves both noise reduction, dialects, and natural languages.
The second level is the use of cognitive intelligence technology for machine-assisted diagnosis of illness and for personalized treatment programmes. The company has joined with the Anhui Provincial Hospital, the Beijing Institute of Medicine, and the Chinese Medical Academy, respectively.
A joint laboratory of artificial intelligence has been set up in the hospital, with the resources of top medical specialists in the country. Through machine learning of medical images, 94.9 per cent of the diagnosis of lung disease is more accurate than that of first-line doctors.
The deeper application of AI in the medical field will be the only way to achieve a graded diagnosis, and the company will create a pre-emptive advantage in artificial intelligence technology and medical resources that will open up another billion-grade rapid breakthroughs in the application of the Public Prosecution Act, which are expected to be a new growth point.
In the area of public security, the company has built a public security super-brain solution based on large police data, combining cognitive and cognitive intelligence techniques, which has produced operational results in a number of provinces and cities and has signed strategic cooperation agreements with various provincial and municipal public and security bodies; in the area of prosecution, the company is conducting inspections based on smart voice technology.
In the field of the courts, in March this year, the company worked with the Supreme Law Strategy, and in the future will work with the Supreme Law to promote the landing of smart voice and artificial intelligence technology in court.
It's hard to shake the status of the front-loaded voice, and in 2018 there's gonna be a lot of rides going out of the company's layout at the end of the c-market, and we're focusing on the car market. In the broader context of car connectivity and car intelligence, the trend towards cars becoming mobile office and entertainment platforms is becoming more apparent.
The company focuses on the front-loading market, certified by first-line brands such as BMW, Mercedes, Lexus. The difficulty of voice recognition is greatly increased by the high noise in the car, the unique circumstances of remote recognition, and the service requirements of the Doron Dialogue.
So far, pre-screened voice technology has exceeded 100 pre-loaded models, and as the pre-loading product has a certain time cycle, it is expected that the vehicle type that carries the company's smart voice technology will be marketed in large numbers in 2018-2019.
From the earliest voice module to the provision of an integrated software and hardware solution on part of the vehicle pattern, the vehicle-borne business will also increase significantly on a case-by-case basis, and the Māori ratio will also increase.
But net profits grew at only 12.0% and 13.9% at a significantly lower rate than revenue, mainly because of significant increases in R & D and marketing costs. Companies have traditionally focused on R & D, R & D costs, from 91.46 million in 2010 to Operation Spring Xiao at the beginning of last year, targeting the best talent globally, and are currently based on a corporate R & D team.
This year’s full and projected deployment of R & D resources peaked in the fourth quarter of the year. Channel construction, corporate campaigns, or $1 billion to expand education operations.
The negative growth in profits in 2017 was largely due to the fact that last year’s companies all showed up to generate $113 million in investment returns, and this year’s high growth in R & D and sales inputs, excluding last year’s investment gains, with net profits growing by 23.7 per cent in 2017, but it is clear that this year will be a turning point for performance.
Next year, corporate education, public inspection laws, vehicle-borne operations will continue to break down, while cost growth slows down, and high, using as a standard the increase or decline in securities (or industry indexes) relative to the depth 300 index over a period of 12 months from the date of this report, defined as follows:
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.