I've got a lot of good technology and industry, and I've got a lot to do.
The company issued a quarterly report, and during the reporting period it achieved operating income of 856,220,35462 million yuan, an increase of 35.29 per cent; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was 73,982,687.96 million yuan.
(a) Sensitization and intelligence: a completely new system of speech synthesis based on in-depth learning, stock prices relative to market performance (nearly 12 months)
Further significant improvements in the naturality and performance of synthetic speech 2) speech recognition: for human-to-person free conversation, conference speeches, etc., real-time transliteration of the generic correct rate continues to rise, and is the only Chinese-language transliteration that can reach the practical threshold in the actual application of the scene.
Cognitive intelligence field: 1) Common-Sense reasoning: first achievement 2 of the famous international common-sense reasoning competition 2016)
Best test results, better than googledeepmind, facebookallab, ibm watson, the first industry to publish a Chinese reading understanding test set, leading Chinese cognitive intelligence research, development of support remote recognition, full-time work, multiple rounds of interaction, dialect recognition, etc.
The hardware integrated aui product has significantly increased the success rate of human voice interaction and the ease with which people can interact, and has succeeded in achieving a wide range of forward orientation and scale applications in areas such as smart sound boxes, smart television, smart cars, smart homes, smart robots.
The new generation of intelligent classroom products, based on big data plus artificial intelligence, has made a major breakthrough in technology in the education and medical sectors.
Changed the teaching process and methodology in the traditional classroom by shifting the teaching process from “first to second” to “first to first” artificial intelligence-driven personalized education. “1520” campaign, launched in August 2016-08-15.
In 2017, intelligent classroom products were expected to become an important growth point in the education sector’s income and Maori. During the reporting period, companies were active in the distribution of smart voice, medical images, and cognitive-based calculations to the health sector.
In the three main areas of the auxiliary diagnostic system, the smart voice system is being used in more than 20 hospitals, including 301 hospitals, the Reginan hospital, the North Korean University Oral Hospital, and the Anhui Provincial Hospital, and with the help of telecommunications technology and a wealth of external medical data resources, it promotes breakthroughs in the areas of medical imagery and paramedical treatment.
As of the end of the reporting period, the platform has been developed with a continuous incremental build-up of the c-end industrial barrier.
A total of 257,000 (an increase of 1336.6% over the same year) and 3,130 million (an increase of 141.1% over the same year); 910 million users (independent terminals) over the past 18 months, and 308 million (an increase of 71.1% over the same period) per month. At the same time, companies are oriented towards robotics, smart households, smart sound boxes, intelligence.
Far-field recognition, highly natural personalized speech synthesis, aaiui et al. interactive resolution programs and services, technological leadership, product diversity, and personalized service levels are in the vanguard of the industry, with over 20,000 smart hardware clients established in 2016.
Over 430 million users, more than 110 million active users, more than 40 per cent of monthly voice input coverage, and more than 40 per cent of user experience and slogans of voice input are in the lead in the same product, and the input method further expands the core technical advantage, supporting 19 dialects; mobile cooperation with China
Qualitative, product evaluation, and strategy research, continuous follow-up of the Fund’s industry, and a more in-depth understanding of the operational characteristics of public fund-raising products.
The Institute’s sales team, whose authors are qualified or have considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, has ensured that the data used in the reports are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.