Sun Monjung, the education of intelligence is progressing well, and artificial intelligence is breaking out in the immediate future.
Performance grew steadily, with R & D inputs and channel layout leading to higher costs. Companies grew 32.78% on a year-on-year basis, net profit on a year-on-year basis increased 13.90% on a year-on-year basis, and performance increased more steadily overall.
The costs associated with R & D inputs and channel layout have increased too fast, resulting in lower net profit growth rates, but as product technology matures, it will pave the way for firms not to come to harvest across the line of operations and rapidly growing profits.
Smart education is a strong leader and is expected to be the main growth point in 2017. In comparison with the benchmark index performance of companies in the past year, the total revenue from corporate education products and services was $1,025 million, representing the share of total revenues.
The company's “intellectual network” is now used in more than 10,000 schools in 32 provinces and districts across the country, benefiting more than 15 million teachers and students, more than half of the country's “100-strong” schools, and will continue to explore learning based on artificial intelligence in 2017.
The commercialization of counselling services; the “1520” campaign, launched by the Smart Classroom in August 2016, has been actively promoted throughout the country using innovative models of first-to-first-user and customer-to-client approaches, and thousands of years of smart classroom products are now expected to become important growth points for the education sector in terms of income and Maori.
The corporate community has evolved and commercialization is expected to accelerate. Over the years, the company has focused on the development of the technology and products of the ai, leading international research on the depths of sensory intelligence, cognitive intelligence and cognitive intelligence combined with cognitive intelligence, voice synthesis, speech recognition, regularity of the company in 2016.
In terms of policy, artificial intelligence was mentioned for the first time in the 2017 government report, and artificial intelligence was the subject of discussion at both meetings, while the Minister of Science and Technology, Man-Steel, said that an artificial intelligence innovation was being developed.
The company, as a leader in artificial intelligence, now covers education, government, automobiles, customer service, health care, both in core technology and industry applications, and during the reporting period, the ecological layout has been gradually improved with the formation of a closed ring and the catalyticization of external policies. The commercialization of corporate artificial intelligence is expected to increase.
The market for corporate smart education products is gradually increasing, with a strong leader, and with an international leader in the ai technology, the artificially intelligent biosphere is gradually improving, commercialization is expected to accelerate, and the first coverage is given to the company, “Bought Figure 3: Corporate Operating Costs: Three Fees”
Figure 4: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates Figure 5: Corporate R&D Costs