Incentives have continued to improve as a result of the high rate of growth in revenue collection. Events: companies announced their performance in the first quarter of 2017, and companies achieved operating revenues in the first quarter of the year, which was 4.69% more than the previous year.
Drawing, granting of 62,584,000 restricted shares to 922 incentive recipients, with the first date of award to maintain a high growth rate and the cost of the growth phase continuing to be high: the company’s level during the reporting period.
There has been a rapid increase in the number of users, coverage, etc., and in the first quarter, companies have made faster progress in the fields of intelligence schools, intellectuals, intellectuals, intelligence tests, intelligent cars, smart medicine, intelligent homes, etc. in the education sector.
At the same time, after the last round of mature voice operations, the Department has started a new round of growth, which is now at the input stage, with significant R & D costs, marketing costs, etc., making the net profit of the company relatively low.
For companies like Quickfly, input is a necessary phase, and the strategic layout affects the profits of the period, but it provides a guarantee of the company's future sustainability and long-term profitability.
It's all about the impact of Information Technology Ltd., and the industry leads the way, the core technology industry leads, and the artificial intelligence industry is expected to grow fast: the company is in.
In 2017, for the first time ever, artificial intelligence was included in a government report, and the industry was expected to do so.
In the 2016 speech-separation and recognition competitions, attempts at reasoning competitions, knowledge mapping contests, etc.
The company is in the process of combining image recognition with speech recognition, semantic understanding, and is expected to gain a greater advantage in the rapid development of artificial intelligence.
• The granting of restricted shares, with continuous improvement in incentives: the company has granted a total of 62,584,000 shares to 922 such incentives. For companies that are competitive with core technologies, the best people are the cornerstone of future development and look forward to the continued accumulation of technology in the company's priority areas and to an upsurge in performance.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board