Computer applications, artificial intelligence taps, open platform expansion, event: companies publish annual reports for 2016, earning 3.32 billion yuan a year, a year-on-year increase.
The company is expected to become China’s largest AI technology platform, exporting ai services through cloud computing, among other things. We believe that Science Chase is a technology company driven by AI technology, and that AI platform business is the company’s future.
By rapidly building up the number of users until the largest artificial intelligence platform in China is formed, a larger operating profit will be earned when it matures. At this stage, the growth in company platform operations will have much more impact on valuation than on financial indicators such as profit.
Open platform users amounted to 910 million, a 30 per cent increase over the same period; open platform developers 257,000 live monthly users 308 million, a 71 per cent increase over the same year; and active users of open-air input methods 110 million total equity/flow (million shares)
People, 29% more than year-on-year. The expanding scope of the platform’s operations has allowed companies to maintain a significant advantage in the accumulation of data in the area of artificial intelligence, and competitors lacked data feedback from developers up to 12 months/minimum (in dollars)
It will be more and more difficult to compete with Science and Technology, and it is hoped that the future will evolve into an artificial intelligence ecosystem with Science and Technology flying as a core. The Chinese voice-processing technology master is a global leader in the field of perception intelligence.
Face: A brand-new system of speech synthesis based on deep learning has been achieved, winning again in the highest international speech synthesis competition, blizzardchallenge, with seven indicators all number one globally. Voice recognition: for the first time in September 2016, participation in the fourth session hosted by Google
The chimechallenge international multi-channel speech separation and recognition competition, which captures the first of all three events. The rate of universal correctness in real-time transliteration continues to rise: it was again tested for real-time Chinese voice comparison in May 2016 by a coalition of the public in Shanghai and the public in Shanghai.
The field of cognitive intelligence competes with foreign technology giants. A new generation of neural networks, machine-translation engines, Vishan-language translations have been developed to break through the real scene, leading the way to a real threshold and endorsed by Xi Jinping General Secretary; machine reading and understanding is the level of nlp research.
This is reflected in the fact that corporate indicators outperform teams such as Google Deepmind, Facebookallab, ibmwatson, and in the new evaluation mission in the field of international common sense reasoning, Winogradschemachallenge 2016.
Name; developed a new technology for auto-constructing knowledge based on in-depth learning, first joined the international knowledge mapping competition organized by the National Institute of Standard Technology (NIST) in 2016 and won first place.
The Ministry of Education, in its “Thirty-Fifty-Fifteen” Plan for Informationization in Education, clearly states that “the use of new technologies such as cloud computing, big data, creation of new resource platforms, construction of management platforms, and application models” is advanced in the education sector.
A system of educational cloud platforms and smart classroom products for the provinces, districts, and districts has been set up. More than 10 provinces and cities across the country that have conducted the English and Chinese examinations have officially used science majors.
Five and a half million times, with a cumulative machine count of 26 million.
Artificial intelligence + education opens up a wide range of opportunities for growth. The Ministry of Education's Guidelines for Comprehensive and In-depth Promotion of Information in Education during the 13th Five-Year Period state that “through big data collection and analysis, teaching is personalized and balanced”.
The network's ability to collect data covers operations, in-house tests, and examination scenes at all levels, while it has been incorporated into the technology for the evaluation of flying super-cerebral machines, which has become the most intelligent test and operational service platform in the country.
More than 10,000 schools in 32 provincial administrative districts of the country, benefiting more than 15 million teachers and students, and more than half of the country's “100-strong” school applications, have developed into the most intelligent educational data collection and analysis teaching platform in China, with plans for 2017.
As a result, business models for commercialization are further explored. Investment advice: companies take the lead in artificial intelligence technologies in key industries, covering areas such as education, government, automobiles, passenger services, and technology-driven strategic layout results are emerging.
We judge that the company has gained a pre-emptive advantage in the new cycle of AI revolutions. The company is prepared for a future boom in the size of the industry, in terms of both the market for technology products and talent, and is the subject of a rare 2b and 2c in the computer industry.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.