The purchase of paint has made a significant contribution, and China’s leader is well-run.
In the area of \triangleright, the company is focusing on urban renewal, renovation operations, industrial construction, and the civil construction market, and is actively developing new paths of “work to home” and “city to county”; in the area of products, it continues to implement the “Long Flying, Tai”
Mountain climbing' high-end product strategy, coupled with the development of a home-wide system solution suitable for old-fashioned engineering, which provides a one-stop service for assembly and the introduction of home-loaded whole-product system support materials. The price of paper has fallen as a result of optimized product structure and waste of raw materials (2024h1 waste paper equal to 14.41%), and 2024h1 cardboard Māori ratios have been equal.
The water wing is growing in reverse, and the paint wing is working together to make a great deal of progress. With regard to waterproofing, the company is strengthening the area of \triangleright 1. North Quarterly reporting point 2024 (000786.sz).
"Platform" North is new in size, with a two-wing cycle, bottom-and-code layout - 2024/04/28.
3. Event evaluation for new materials in the north (000786.sz): promotion of the "Qualitative Business Brand Matrix" with the construction coatings having a robust national lead in terms of quality benefits; robust industrial paints with a double return; “One Two Wings” highlighting long-term values
Development, consolidation of the aerospace segment, active expansion of the high-end equipment market and wind and wind power market. 4. North-South construction material (000786.sz) event point review: flaps and +0.65 pct, with sales rates influenced by the increase in the size of Gabriel's acquisition and +0.69 pct to
Assessment: The cost of sales has increased significantly, with a single-season Māori ratio of RMB 2,041 million net operating cash flows at the end of 2024h1, compared to +59.90 per cent; the net current ratio is 0.92 and the internationalization business has steadily advanced, with a higher yield. 2024h1 achieved overseas income of RMB 192 million, compared to the same amount
\triangleright +100.65%, Māori overseas 20.42%, the same year +4.20pt, the cardboard business was the first in the market in Tanzania; the Thai cardboard and its accompanying projects began construction in the first half of the year.
Investment proposals: We continue to appreciate the firm's “one wing” strategy moving forward steadily, and the \triangleright integration of paint assets; the accelerated transformation of the cast board to “consumable goods”; the progressive and positive contribution of water-resistant assets;4
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.