A steady growth of the gypsum plate, the “two wings” fast-growing event of 24 August 2024: the semi-annual report of 2024 was published by North Construction. 2024H1 achieved business income of 13,597 million.
New construction materials in North (000786.sz) “One Wing” is steadily developing and international operations are continuing: real estate development investments fell 10.1 per cent in the first half of 2024, and the building area/completed area is cumulatively falling in the same year, respectively
23.7 per cent and 21.8 per cent, the company's main business is steadily developing and its performance is rising in reverse, against the backdrop of the continued construction of the real estate market and the persistent pressure on market demand. “One”: 2024h1 cardboard/drawbone is achieved separately
The new "City to County" path, the development of high-end products, the promotion of consumption, etc., and the consolidation of the glamour industry. “Two wings”: companies continue to promote waterproof business development, focus on the renovation, old transformations, retailing, etc., and waterproof rolls continued to grow in the first half of the year, with 2024h1 waterproof rolls.
The material/waterproofing works generated an operating income of $17.09/259 million, corresponding to +32.37 per cent/-15.63 per cent respectively; this resulted in higher performance, on the one hand, through the joint reorganization and consolidation of Gabrielle during the reporting period, and, on the other hand, through the consolidation of companies; and, on the other hand, through the physical aerospace segmenting market, the active expansion of the high-end equipment and wind power markets and the further contribution of industrial paints to the industry.
At the same time, the internationalization of the company continued, with the castboard business gaining first place in the city of Tanzania, the construction of the spathetic plate and its accompanying projects in Thailand, and a significant increase in overseas sales and collections, with sales abroad of 2024h1 at $192 million, an increase of 100.65 per cent over the same period.
The Māori rate continues to rise and the operating net cash flow performance is excellent: 2024h1 has a Māori sales rate of 30.94 per cent, compared to +0.74 ptt; by product category, 2024h1 gypsum/bones/waterproof rolls/curves have resulted in higher sales costs. In addition, 2024h1 has a net operating cash flow of R$ 2,041 million.
The same-year increase of 59.90 per cent and the significant improvement in corporate operating cash flows is due mainly to the corresponding increase in sales sales and net operating cash flows generated by new mergers and acquisitions, which provide financial security for subsequent business development.
The "One Wing" layout has accelerated and is becoming more competitive: on April 26, the company issued a public investment announcement, and the project to invest 4 million m2 of thermoplastic polyolefin (tpo) anti-water film production line and 50,000 tons of annual anti-water sandal production line will be further expanded in Paprika County, Anhui Province
At the same time, the company adjusted its investment in the construction of a 30 million m2 annual cardboard production line in the south-east of the sea, increasing the total investment in the project by approximately $21.58 million.
Improving the layout of the company's cardboard operations throughout the country, and reducing the cost of cardboard manufacturing and transportation costs, hundreds of millions of square metres, further expanding the size of the cardboard, and further consolidating the leading position of the cardboard industry. As the Division follows the “One Wing” strategy to accelerate the push and layout, the main industry cardboard market will continue to increase, and two will continue to increase.
[Galaxy Building] company review report _ New North building materials (000786.sz): The continued optimization and improvement of wing operations will result in more performance gains for the company in the future. Investment proposal: as the company’s “one-wing” strategy accelerates its deployment, the three major major operations are expected to continue.
It is expected that the company’s 24-26-year net return profits will be presented independently and objectively with a commitment to practice with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.