New North Building (000786.sz) reported in mid-2024 that “One Wing” balanced development, sustained growth, sustained income profitability, and sustained business resilience. 2024h1 generated 13.6 billion yuan.
In the context of demand-stressing, the persistence of reversible growth in income profits highlights resilience. Lusiyu1@guosen.com.cn cardboard operations continue to be robust, “two wings” and “paste plus” operations continue to contribute to growth and internationalization.
S0980520707 Māori rate of 39.6 per cent, corresponding to +1.2 pp, sustained business resilience in the context of demand under pressure, beneficiary product -1.5 pp/+2.1 pp, beneficiary Gabrielle ' s watch and reverse growth in waterproof operations, balanced growth of two-wing operations
Contributions grew; 4) revenues from other products amounted to $1.32 billion, i.e. +16.4 per cent, or 9.7 per cent, while synergies continued to be realized, and the gypsum plus product continued to grow faster. By region, domestic and foreign revenues increased by +19 per cent/+101 per cent, or 98.6 per cent and 1.4 per cent, while internationalization continued to progress steadily.
q2 Māori continues to rise and cash flow performance continues to improve. 2024h1 Māori aggregate rises due to a significant increase in sales costs due to the M&A of Gabriel, with a net interest rate of 18.6% for q2 compared to the new North (000786.sz)-Stampboard master industry, which continues to be robust, with two wings and "Stamps".
At the end of the month, the asset-liability ratio was 29 per cent, compared to +4.8 pp, but the overall level of the liability remained low.
Investment proposal: “One Two Wings” balanced development, sustained growth performance, maintained a “better than the big market” rating
The company, as the head of the gypsum board, actively pursues the “One Wing, Global Layout” strategy, the main gypsum industry has continued to consolidate, the water and paint “two-wing” business and the gypsum plus business have continued to contribute to growth, while internationalization has steadily advanced and sales have increased significantly, with prospects for progress.
Income profits continue to grow, and business resilience continues to be highlighted. 2024h1 companies generate 13.6 billion yuan, equivalent to +19.3 per cent, mothers net profits of +2.21 billion, corresponding to +16.8 per cent, women net profits of +2.16 billion, mothers net profits of €90 million, net profits of €0.9 billion, net profits of cumulation, income and net returns of about 8 per cent and 12 per cent;
q2 single quarter revenues of $7.65 billion, compared with +14.6 per cent, net profit for mothers of $1.39 billion, compared with +6.7 per cent, net profit for non-mothers of $1.37 billion, compared with +8.0 per cent, and income profit reversals continue to increase in the context of demand pressure.
Figure 3: Net profit and increase of fresh wood in the North (in billions, per cent) Figure 4: Net profit and increase of fresh wood in the North (in billions, per cent)
In the context of pressure constraints, business resilience continues to be highlighted, with the optimal structure of the beneficiary products and the fall in the price of the original fuel, further increasing profitability; 2) Dragon bone income of $1.27 billion, or +4.1 per cent, or 9.4 per cent.
-1.5 pp/+2.1 pp, benefiting from Gabriel's cum and water-proofing operations, regressive growth, balanced development contribution of the two-wing operations Growth, 4) revenue from other products, 1.32 billion yuan, +16.4 per cent, 9.7 per cent, synergies between the beneficiary channels Sustained delivery. The “pasteboard plus” products continue to grow faster.
+19 per cent/+101 per cent, or 98.6 per cent and 1.4 per cent, were the top market holders in Tanzania, with the start of construction of the Thai cast board and its accompanying projects, a steady advance in internationalization and a rapid increase in foreign earnings.
Figure 8: Income and growth (in thousands of yuan, per cent) of the q2 Māori ratio continued to rise and cash flow performance continued to improve. 2024H1 combined Māori rate continued to rise 30.9 per cent, +0.2 pp/+0.9 pp, q2 Māori ratio continued to rise in the same ratio, with the cost rate rising mainly as a result of Merger and Purchases of Gabriel
Figure 9: Māori rate and net interest rate for new wood construction in North (in %) Figure 10: Māori rate and net interest rate for single quarter of new wood construction in North (in %) Figure 11: Cost rate for the period of construction in North (in %)
Figure 12: Cost rates for the single quarter of the new North (in %) Figure 13: Operating cash flow and acceleration of the new North (in billions, %) Figure 14: Assets and liabilities at the end of the quarter of the new North (in %)
“One Wing” has developed in a balanced manner, and growth has continued to materialize, maintaining a “better than the big city” rating. The company, as the head of the gypsum, actively pursues the “One Wing, Global Layout” strategy, and the leading position of the gypsum industry continues to be consolidated. The water and paint “two Wings” and the gypsum plus operations continue to contribute to their growth, while internationalization operations continue to be steady.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject