Half-yearly, 2024: Reverse growth in performance, gypsum, high end, new business culture, multiple blooms, negative growth in income, waterproofing, paints flying in both directions.
The ointment board generated $7.303 billion, or +4.05 per cent, and the light steel bone generated $1,273 million, while the company maintained relative stability in the price of the gypsum plate, and made strong efforts to make glossy gypsums and gypsums + to achieve a reverse increase in income; water and paint operations also registered rapid growth.
Operationally, with a focus on the four main regions of South-East Asia, Central Asia, the Middle East, Europe and the Mediterranean Rim, regionalization operations, global layout, with $192 million in revenue from offshore operations of 2024h1 companies, and a similar rate of paste/delebble/waterproof rolls/paints, respectively
1.51/+2.09 pct. The Māori ratio of the company's gypsum master industry is stable, mainly as a result of the company's continued implementation of the “Long Flying, Tarzan Climbing” programme, which has achieved significant product high-end success. For this period, the cost rate is 2024h1 for sales/management/research and development/financial costs, respectively.
The increase in sales costs is mainly due to the increase in sales costs caused by the new M&As. 24h1 cash flows showed a sharp increase in comparison with the previous year. 2024h1 company operations resulted in a corresponding increase in current sales returns, while new M&A subsidiaries generated a net flow of business activities.
North New Wood (000786); Net cash flow from the operation of the branch in the first quarter of 2024 less the financial impact of the collection to the parent company.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: As the reform of State enterprises deepens further, the global market share of the gypsum industry will continue to rise under the strategic lead of the company “One Wing, Global Layout”, North New Wood (000786), 2023 reporting point
Dragon support, waterproofing and coating operations will also contribute to a sustained rapid increase. Taking into account the completion of the second half of the year: the fast-rising risk of two-wing operations and the fast-growing risk of the “paste plus” operations, the failure of new operations to meet the expected risk
Three major financial forecasting tables for the North Construction Facility The East Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.