North Xerox (000786), mid-2024, performance growth ideal, higher profitability. North Xenix (000786), mid-2024, company revenue realized in the first half of 2024.
The net profit of the mother was 2,214 million yuan, an increase of 16.79 per cent over the same period. In the second quarter of the year, the company ' s operating income amounted to RMB 1 billion, an increase of 7.03 per cent over the same period, and the quarterly ring increased by 69.34 per cent.
At the same time, the company’s water-resistant roll business showed a remarkable increase in operating income of $1.709 billion, a significant increase of 32.37 per cent over the previous year, with a Māori rate of 19.31 per cent, an increase of 0.59 percentage points over the previous year’s full-year Māori rate.
In the first half of the year, the company had an overall Māori rate of 30.94 per cent. Overall, the company was more profitable. Four rates, sales/management/finance/research and development fees.
Debts are well structured and operating cash flows have increased significantly. As of the end of June 2024, corporate assets summary and investment proposals: companies are the world's largest gypsum industry group, domestic gypsum boards, market ownership is over 60%, with leading technology, regional layout advantages, whole-of-business chains, and size.
The company’s overall profitability, robust performance, sustained investment, and insufficient implementation and effectiveness of local government bailout policies, and a lower-than-expected recovery in market sales.
Industry demand has declined. Capital investment has increased at a lower rate than expected, resulting in lower demand for industry. Macroeconomic shifts have led to insufficient demand for construction materials.
Note: The “market index” of this rating system,a shares refer to a depth 300 index: the three new three-board reference point is a three-board guide. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle and low” risk, a “stable” investor is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium risk”, a “positive” investor is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium and high risk” level, and a “radical” investor is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.