New materials in the north (000786.sz): "Two Wings" industry. August 23, 2024.
The new North Building material is our primer in the production of cast boards, and the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company is 2,214 million yuan, an increase of 16.79 per cent over the same period; less non-recurring losses
In industry, the cardboard industry has a market share of more than 60%, and positive developments have resulted in net profits of 2,159 million yuan, or 18.02% over the same period, for shareholders belonging to the parent company.
The purchase of waterproofing materials, the development of two wings of waterproofing materials and coatings, the size of which is the third highest in the industry, is a gain of $1.31.
The gypsum business is generally robust and the two-wing business is growing faster. The company maintained a better growth in business income in the first half of 2024, mainly to benefit from faster developments in the waterproof materials business and in the paint business. In the first half of the year, in a climate of continued low-intensity in the waterproof materials industry, the company's waterproof roll business turned upside down and its revenue grew faster.
At 32.37%, the paint business grew by 265.79% through the acquisition of Gabriel's table, and the external M&A support company's paint business grew rapidly. Meanwhile, the “One” business gypsums and dragon bones remained stable at 4.05% and 4.06% respectively. The company's “One Wing” business direction was obtained.
The level of profitability remained stable and asset turnover increased. The company ' s combined Māori rate was 30.94 per cent in the first half of 2024, an increase of 0.74 percentage points in the same year.
Interest rate increases are mainly due to the optimal structure of the company’s products and lower prices of raw materials, and the increase in the Māori rate for paints is higher than in the Polly 2c model. The company’s total asset turnover rate for the first half of the year was 0.41, compared with an increase in the overall profitability and operating position since the purchase of Gabriel.
"One Wing" and overseas development bring new growth to the company. The company, as the absolute leader in the gypsum, has a leading role in size, cost, and technology. The country's layout has a wide range of production lines, the gypsum plus operations and product structures are being optimized, and the distribution model ensures that operating cash flows are abundant and become the company's cash.
Cows. Waterproof materials are growing in reverse at a time when the industry has become more successful and less successful. Capri-based paints have been synergized and endorsed, risk-resistant, low-intensity industries, and fragmented industry patterns have been conducive to faster growth.
Also active in the deployment of overseas markets, market expansion in Africa, Central Asia, the Middle East and South-East Asia has also brought new opportunities for corporate development through the rapid growth of two-wing operations and offshore operations, maintaining the company's “strongly recommended” rating of the financial boom in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the new North Building (000786.sz) "two wings" business and overseas expansion bring new growth.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the North (000786.sz), the "two-wing" business and overseas expansion bring new growth, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We've tried to report objective and impartial information, but the points of view and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.