High-growth and new business dynamics, and the consolidation of the global security pole position at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Corporate leaders communicate. The company is a leading global video security surveillance and surveillance company, a state-owned enterprise under the effective control of the State Treasury Committee of the State Council, which has been farming for 15 years in the video products and services industry. From 2011-2016, the Department ' s annual compound increase in revenue amounted to 43.7 per cent, and the annual compound increase in net profit for mothers was 38.0 per cent, maintaining a high rate of growth.
According to the company ' s performance report, the company ' s operating income in 2016 was $32.02 billion, an increase of 26.7 per cent over the same year, and the industry continued to grow at a high rate, with strong growth in overseas operations. Smart cities, the rise and development of safe cities, the continuous stimulation of video surveillance of demand and the release of high-end products, public security, transportation, justice, etc.
Industry security demand has been growing steadily, the company ' s Deep Farming Solutions market has benefited from industry growth, and it is expected to maintain a high rate of performance: with the expansion of overseas channels, the company ' s share of overseas income has remained steadily rising, accounting for 26.3 per cent of total revenue, and the company announced in February its plan to establish a research and development centre in Montreal, where it is expected to maintain a high rate of growth.
The ability and brand visibility of the business demonstrates its determination to actively explore the foreign solutions market, corporate intellectual pioneers abroad, security-proofing new navigational buoys. Smart city construction has placed higher demands on city security surveillance networks and intelligence analysis, and the development of technologies such as cloud computing and in-depth learning has led to a higher level of intellectualization in the industry.
For technology to accumulate. Although there is a higher penetration rate of high-end domestic video security products, overall intelligence is still relatively low, and there is huge market space for software, platforms, and high-end hardware products. The wave of intellectual upgrading is expected to be released gradually from first-line cities and from individual areas with the highest level of security demand.
There is considerable R & D power to build up technology and upgrade software, smart solutions industry leads, and companies with hardware, platform service capabilities, industry solutions and city-wide security architecture will be more competitive and likely to capture a larger market share in the future.
New business is about to start. In addition to deep farming in the defense industry, companies are developing new business. Currently, the company ' s circulationa share (billion shares) focuses on three areas: robotics, auto electronics, and 2c end security products and services.
Accumulation in the visual field of vehicles, the development of products such as mobile robotics and industrial drones; companies view the huge market for intelligent driving and start working from 2016 on cutting into adas, car networks and new energy vehicles, including through development and M & As: companies develop 2c end-of-pipe security markets, pack hardware and cloud services through flystones.
Given that companies are leading companies in the video security industry, one analyzes: a global security camera leader, leading the industry.
The company is the leading international supplier of video surveillance products that provide security, visualization management and big data services worldwide. The main business is the development, production, and sale of video surveillance products.
The programme has been applied in more than 150 countries and regions, playing a vital role in major security projects such as the G20 Hang State Summit, the Beijing Olympics, the Shanghai World Expo, the Brazilian World Cup House, Milan International Airport, Italy.
The company’s main business structure: the company’s revenue comes mainly from front-end audio and video products, which account for 53.5 per cent; it began to involve central control of equipment products in the last two years, at a rate of 9.0 per cent. The front-end audio and video products contribute 62.6 per cent and central control facilities 11.1 per cent, while developing core products, expanding into multiple areas such as robotics, auto electronics, and home security surveillance.
Corporate performance: According to the performance report, the company achieved business income of $32.02 billion in 2016, an increase of 26.7 per cent over the same period, a net profit of $7.41 billion for shareholders belonging to the parent company, an increase of 26.3 per cent over the same period.
In terms of inputs and high output, performance is expected to continue to grow steadily and robustly.2 Industry analysis: the security sector continues to grow rapidly 2016, a year of heavy weight for China’s security enterprises.
In recent years, with the rising demand for security and the promotion of the Internet+, traditional security enterprises have begun to diversify through technologies such as artificial intelligence, cloud computing, big data, physical networking, and mobile interconnection. Security applications have also been extended.
We have a new industry that combines R & D, production, marketing, engineering and system integration, alarm operations, and intermediary services. The security industry covers three main categories: safe products, safe engineering, and safe operation services.
In 2016, the total value of the security sector was 540 billion yuan. Of that amount, the value of the security products was about $190 billion, the value of the security works was about $310 billion, and the value of the alarm services and other products was about $41 billion. By product classification, video surveillance was the largest.
Platforms. The area of safe cities and intelligent transport remains a popular one in terms of product applications. It is worth mentioning that industries such as smart buildings are growing rapidly. 2.1 video surveillance continues to occupy the centre of the market.
The security sector in the country is currently undergoing rapid development, particularly with regard to video surveillance. In 2015, the size and net profits of the industry amounted to $43.5 billion yuan and $8.25 billion, respectively, representing an increase of 64.6 per cent and 52.9 per cent, respectively.
In order to meet the demand for video image information in the police and in intelligence research, communication, detection, policing, social management, counter-terrorism, etc., video surveillance techniques are gradually being introduced into the new professional skills of public security organs.
As a result, priority has been given to the development of urban networking surveillance systems, and active participation in the construction of intelligent cities has become a major trend in the security sector. Visible, video surveillance will remain at the heart of the security sector. 2.2 Intelligents are transformed into security-resistant navigational buoys.
In recent years, smart-system technologies and products have become increasingly popular as consumers have become more demanding of individualizing demand. At the same time, the field of security has been a priority area for national development, and the security sector has also been the focus of the 13th Five-Year Plan.
In addition, the rise in international terrorism, the growing international security situation in the country, and the growing demand for national security. Investment in the security sector during the 13th Five-Year Plan is expected to go well beyond the 12th Five-Year Plan.
\triangleright
Internet+security, building smart homes \triangleright machine vision, smart manufacturing
\triangleright extension application, smart car \triangleright
As market demand changes and technology changes, smartness will become an area of priority for the industry, with video, cloud storage, cloud computing, big data, and so on. In the future, security companies will increasingly expand their videos, using new fields, to actively deploy intelligent homes, smart manufacturing, smart cars, etc.
2.3 The security sector has grown by 11 per cent, and the domestic security market has grown more rapidly than the global market. As of 2016, the domestic sector was involved.
As security firms typically list 244 companies, and as many as 23,400, with 1.66 million employees, the market environment is complex, and as security markets are regulated, the industry is bound to trigger a wave of “annexation.” By sorting out the performance of companies listed on the market, it can be seen that most of the companies with high turnover are involved.
In particular, Heiconway and Da-hua shares far outperformed the company that was next in line, with two giants, starting in 2011, Heicon’s R & D investment accounted for 7 to 8% of corporate sales and, in absolute terms, accounted for the highest level of activity. By the end of 2015, Heicon’s R & D team, with 7,181 people, had become one of the largest R & D companies in the global security industry.
In the area of intellectual property, companies have 1222 patents (including patent applications) and 409 copyrights for software. Continued investment in research and development is also the basis for a step-by-step expansion of the map of Heicon’s video surveillance product, the video surveillance solution provider, Robots & Automobile Electronics & Civil Security.
In 2016, as in the case of the robotic smart storage system, the co-opportunity of Haekang and Da-hwa shares is widely recognized as co-opts in the security industry, and competition in the market is evident. Both Hae-kang and Da-hwa, the two giants of the security industry, have their respective advantages and disadvantages.
Products, drones, research institutes, and so on. But, in terms of layout, Heicon is a year or two ahead of Dahua. Heicon's advantage is in terms of sales and market value. It's a state business background, high market ownership, and technologists are probably twice as much as Da Hwa's research and development.
The nature of a private enterprise has the advantage of flexible autonomy and faster decision-making in terms of team management, business culture development, business process re-engineering and deepening change.
As the defense industry moves towards a new era of big data, data is becoming a valuable resource, and it is becoming more important to store, analyse and apply data effectively. In 2015, Heikang, based on the accumulation of deep learning techniques, launched a back-end smart server called Eagles and Blades, which now takes on a major role in a number of safe cities, smart transportation projects.
In 2016, a full series of smart security products based on in-depth learning techniques was released: the Deep Eyes family, the Super Brain series of smart nvr, the Facebook analysis server, the smart traffic product series, etc.
Businesses, opening up new spaces for development, focusing on the distribution of industries such as smart homes, industrial automation, smart cars, etc., have successively launched a series of products and services.
Through years of technological accumulation and innovation in the field of imaging, image processing and mode identification, Haikang has developed autonomously machine-visual products covering a whole range of industrial cameras, industrial smart cameras, visual controllers, lenses and algorithm software platforms, committed to becoming the world's leading provider of machine-visual products and solutions.
Mobile robots respond to a wave of "machine-to-man" changes, building on years of technology in image processing, hardware design and embedded software.
The whole series of robots is “humanized” by replacing manual labour with operations such as receiving, sorting, moving, entering, and leaving. The “gang” smart system consists of three core modules: a smart warehouse robot, a robotic dispatch system (rcs) and a smart storage management system (iwms). The introduction of the “gangsweet” system marks the official entry of Heiconway into the robotic field.
To meet the business needs of a wide range of industries, Heconway released the Eagle series of industrial drones. As an extension of the video surveillance system and an important subsystem, the Hawk series of drones built on their global leadership of video surveillance techniques and built up a geoscopic configuration.
Control systems, leading the defense industry into the age of stereo surveillance. The technology accumulated in the audio-visual field in the EtoHacconway, and the Eagle series of industry-level drones have a clear technical advantage in image collection, processing, coding, transmission, and have a relatively strong resource integration capacity in terms of structure, performance, use, etc. Their applications involve target detection, aerial patrolling, electrical inspection, etc.
Water facility monitoring, Wombo protection, construction mapping, accident survey, risk-taking school disaster, etc. Working to create a global leader in industry-level drone solutions. 3.2 Automobile electronics, innovative service life.
In addition to the 2016 Heikang’s official advance in the electronics area of cars, which provides visualized regulatory solutions for Internet vehicles to enable innovation to better serve society and life, Heikangway is looking forward to the announcement of January 18th this year that the company’s holding subsidiary, Heikang, will integrate the electronics of cars under the flag of Hekang among the company’s controlling shareholders. Heikang’s car will buy electricity for $7.94 million.
Heikang’s Smart Motors Enterprise Assets Unit; purchased 100% of the shares of Heikang’s holding company, Heikang, for $16.3 million. The China-Hikang Smart Motors Department is working to create a smart new energy vehicle, smart traffic application system for broadband mobile Internet, and an innovative platform for building a human-roads synergy system.
Sub-purchases facilitate the consolidation of corporate resources and reasonably avoid competition from external counterparts. 3.3 Fluorescent cloud platforms, where life is safe for visualization, are the main force of the company's ability to monitor the market for c-end video security.
The fluorescent stone, based on many years of technological accumulation in the field of security, is designed to release hardware module solids, setting the first line of defense from the source of the video frequency collected by encryption. The ipc operating system has also been reinforced.
To reduce the risk of attack, all Iipc's video stream uses highly secure encryption algorithms at the end of the device and at the end of the cloud, and the transmission process ensures data security using the https and aes bank level encryption. A hierarchically independent encryption mechanism and high-risk drills provide secondary validation protection to make the fluorescent products more secure.
By the end of 2016, more than 10 million people had been downloaded from the Qingseun platform, 60% of them living on a monthly basis, and they are already of a certain size. With the rising demand for family security and the rising demand for care, such as old-age care and childcare, it is expected that the profits will continue to grow and that they will be able to make a profit by 2017.
In terms of market space, overseas is at least twice as high as the domestic market. At the same time, Heikang is looking abroad, setting up the Netherlands, abroad.
South Africa, India, Dubai, the United States, Canada, Brazil, Russia, Singapore, Italy, Australia, France, and Western year ' s Global Market Study on Video Surveillance Equipment. In the area of cctv and video surveillance, the global market share of Heiconway in 2015 increased from 16.3 per cent in 2014 to 19.5 per cent, with five years at the top.
Sea Conway, with nearly one-fifth of the world ' s markets, is ranked first in a number of sub-markets, such as network cameras, analogues and high-level surveillance cameras, dvr/nvr, video encoder, and vms software has risen from its fourth place in 2014 to the global famous industrial media, a&s Security Automation, in the global security top 50 rankings for 2016, followed by the global security 50s.
After the second-largest success of the second-largest global alliance in Asia in 2015, the share of overseas revenue in Heicon ' s rise to the top of the global list in 2016 remained steady. In 2015, overseas operations contributed a share of total income, reaching 26.3 per cent, while rising at 40 per cent after peaking in 2013, the company ' s income from overseas operations continued to grow at a slower rate than 40 per cent.
As the company continues to expand its overseas channels, with its brand advantage, high-quality and high-value products, it is expected that the company will continue to take advantage of overseas markets, and its performance abroad will continue to increase at a high rate. In addition, in February this year, the company announced plans to establish R & D institutions in Monte Trill and Silicon Valley that will enhance the visibility of local support and services and brands in North America and the project model.
The company’s revenue from the sale of all types of products has grown steadily, benefiting from a steady growth in domestic market demand, the expansion of foreign markets, and the development of new business. Assuming a combined annual increase in sales of end-of-view products by 2016-2018 is 27%.
The annual compound rate of sales of products is 17%, the annual compound rate of sales of central-controlled equipment is 40%, the annual compound rate of sales of engineering workers is 19%, the annual rate of sales of various products is increasing, and the growth of other products is stable. Given the competitive market, there is a downward trend in the Māori rate of hardware products, but taking into account the positive growth in the quality of the company’s operations.
The company’s Māori ratio is slightly declining or stable. Assuming that the Māori rate for audio-visual products up to 2016-2018 is 48% for separate equipment, the Māori rate for engineering works is 6%, and the Māori rate for other products is 17%.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.