The performance is slightly higher than expected, with the expectation that the reduction of photovoltaic poverty and the use of photovoltaics in households will bring about new growth.
The number of new power stations installed was 33.62gw, an increase of 11 per cent in the same year; the number of distributed power stations installed was 19.44gw, an increase of 370 per cent in the same year. The company, as the world’s leading photo-voltaic transformer at the end of 2016, accounted for about 35 per cent of the domestic market and the first half of 2017.
Photovoltaic reverse transformer (PVV) output is 9.93gw. According to our calculations, the company's base profile for the whole year 2017 (latest) is about 15gw, and will remain the highest in the world.
Position. Because the combination inverter rate used in distributed power stations is significantly higher than in centralized inverters, we expect that the overall inverter rate will continue to be stable in the future industry, where the share of new installed units will continue to rise.
The integration of power stations has become a major contributor to the company ' s performance, particularly in distributed power stations, which have grown rapidly. In the first half of 2017, the company earned 1,831 million yuan, up to 51.71 per cent, and the Māori rate has continued to rise.
21.59 per cent. The main logic behind the company's significant growth in the integration of photovoltaic power stations in recent years has been the firm's strong involvement in photovoltaic projects, which reached as high as 40 per cent in the first half of 2017.
Adding to the 13th Plan the requirement to build 2 million households/50gw photovoltaics by 2020 to reduce poverty, we believe that companies will continue to expand significantly in the future the integration of distributed power stations that are represented by photovoltaic poverty reduction.
The company has invested in the development of home-based photovoltaic operations, set up a sunjome home-based photovoltaic plate, which was installed in 2017 on approximately 10,000 new homes.
In the 10 provinces of China and China, where there are now more than 400 dealers, we expect a rapid increase in the number of new light-voltage installed companies in 2018, in line with current client outreach plans and industry conditions.
The net profit in 2017 was $960 million, and the company's announcement of the net profit was quick, and the benefit of the luminous reloaders increased dramatically - the luminous additions remained stable, but the distribution ratio continued to rise, with the luminous accelerators rising.
Under the assumption of rapid growth in poverty and household photovoltaics, we expect to exceed expectations in 2017, 2018 and beyond expectations in terms of the integration of company photovoltaic power stations into the network, less than expected in terms of net delivery, poverty in photovoltaics, and lower-than-expected growth in household photovoltaics.
Pan Yong-leong: Xiamen University, eight years of experience in securities research, joined the Chinese Securities Research and Development Department in September 2017, mainly in research and follow-up areas: the new energy sector for electrical equipment, and the non-banking financial sector. The report was produced by Hua-yuan securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and views expressed in the report do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
An independent assessment shall be made, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc.