Rapid performance reports meet expectations, with distributed power station systems integrated operations becoming new growth points - Sunshine power fast performance in 2017.
This represents a faster growth in the integration of company-distributed power station systems during the reporting period, a faster policy-driven growth in the domestic photovoltaic market and a further expansion of the overseas market, with a larger increase. The fourth quarter saw a recovery of $2.18 billion, a 20 per cent decline in the same year, and a net profit of $288 million, a 12 per cent increase in the same period.
The company focused on the photovoltaic converter and has been working on technological improvements and programme optimization to catch up from the original.
The 13th Five-Year Plan clearly states that by the end of 2020, domestic distribution machines will reach 60gw and distributed power plants will have great potential. The company has focused on photovoltaic reverse transformers, and has been working on technological improvements and programme optimization in the industry.
Intra-firm brand recognition and reputation have continued to grow. The power station integration business has become the company’s main asset for performance, especially the rapid growth of the distributed power station integration business. The main logic behind the company’s significant growth in PV integration in recent years has been its strong involvement in PV poverty alleviation projects.
Minimum/highest in a year: Overseas markets, where good branding and channel advantages have been established. The continued dynamism of future “distributed + overseas markets” will drive companies to maintain higher levels of growth.
According to the Association of Photovoltaic Associations, in 2017, the country's domestic photovoltaic capacity exceeded 400,000 households and became the year of rapid development, with 80-1.2 million households expected to reach the year 2018.
The sunhome home-to-house brand was created, and in 2017 the home-to-house fleet was installed in about 10,000 houses, left-to-right. The household-to-place-to-business expansion from the b to the c end, with high profitability and growth, will contribute to the company’s performance and valuation elasticity.
Keeping the `Recommended Ratings' as operations grow steadily: Reverse transformer taps, creating `light + storage + vehicle' closed loops