盐湖股份(000792)价量齐升支撑盈利充分
评级:
“稳定钾、扩大锂”加快战略落地
释放，
日期:
事件描述
公司发布 2022 半年报: 营收 173.04 亿元、同增 180.81%, 实现归母净利
91.58 亿元、同增 333.09%, eps 1.7336 元。其中, 二单季度营收 96.87 亿
元、同增 207.95%, 归母净利 56.61 亿元、同增 328.4%, eps 1.0708 元。
事件点评
周期的魅力:钾、锂“火力全开”,价量齐升带来盈利充分释放。(1)上半
年公司业绩创下历史新高,毛利润 134.85 亿元比 2021 全年还要高出 53%,
综合毛利率高达 77.93%，回到历史最佳水位。看钾业务：半年度公司 生产氯
化钾 264 万吨、销售 296 万吨, 分别同增 5.4%、12.5%, 不仅饱和生产(全
年产量计划 570 万吨）、还将总库存投放近半，在春耕期发挥了钾肥保供主
力军的角色；上半年全球钾肥价格一路升至十年高位，公司的氯化钾销售均
价跟随市场和中国大合同价(至 2022 年底为 590 美元/吨 CFR)、同比上涨
89%至4072元/吨,但仍是全球价格洼地,销售成本则同比下降2.6%至683
元/吨,销量增长抵消了能源价格通胀的影响。看锂业务:上半年51.42%控股
的蓝科锂业实现净利 36.8 亿元,产量 1.53 万吨、销量 1.50 万吨,分别同增
80%和 102%, 主因新产能爬坡及库存释放; 上半年碳酸锂销售均价 39.6 万
元/吨，同比大涨 414%，吨销售成本从 2021 年度的 2.82 万元降至 2.53 万
元,吨营业总成本则从 3.84 万元增至 6.09 万元,我们判断主因蓝科与母公
司间的成本和费用摊销机制所致。(2)着眼二单季,公司营收、净利分别环
氯化钾产量 150 万吨、销量 151 万吨，分别环增 32%和 4%，且在 6 月将
万吨、环增近20%,国内工碳市价也环比上涨11%至44.6万元/吨(含VAT)。
相关研究
(3) 向前看，鉴于全球粮价走高、钾肥的高供给集中度和长产能周期、白俄
▶ 《投建 4 万吨基础锂盐,不负产业发展“黄
受制裁、极端气候、欧洲能源价格暴涨、海运物流不畅，叠加全球新能源产业
金时代”》(2022/5/27)
对于锂原料的强劲需求, 钾/锂价格大概率延续高位, 对公司业绩构成强支撑。
《钾锂资源保供“扛责在肩”,景气周期充分
未来更有可为：打造绿色低碳循环盐湖产业体系，高质量建设世界级盐湖产
演绎支撑盈利高增》(2022/4/28)
《国内盐湖资源龙头,三季度充分彰显盈利
亿吨、氯化锂储量 1204.2 万吨、氯化镁储量 40 多亿吨。 在发展思路上: （1）
弹性》(2021/10/30)
稳定钾: 氯化钾装置产能 500 万吨, 已形成国内最大钾肥生产基地、也是中
《深耕青海察尔汗,中国盐湖钾锂资源的战
国保障粮食安全的压舱石,公司正推动优化原卤采集量以及卤水氯化钾含量。
略性龙头》(2021/8/17)
月底达产达标、日产稳定>100吨,主含量达到电池级标准、提升了产品附加
值，后续通过沉锂母液回收等或将进一步实现产量提升；此外，公司已启动独
立投建 4 万吨基础锂盐项目、总投资 70.8 亿元, 2024 年内建成投产后公司
控股锂盐总产能将达到 7 万吨/年。（3）突破镁、开发钠、开发稀散元素。
维持公司“增持”评级。我们认为“中国本土优质锂资源战略重估”的逻辑将
深化演绎，而保障粮食安全也更加迫切，公司资产具备独特稀缺性。我们预计
公司 2022-24 年 eps 分别为 3.18、3.19、3.05 元,维持“增持”评级。
1、若全球钾、锂资源的供应释放超预期，将导致商品价格下跌、公司业绩承压;
2、若公司在察尔汗盐湖的资源综合开发进度、产能建设进度不及预期,将导致业绩低预期。
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
1、若全球钾、锂资源的供应释放超预期，将导致商品价格下跌、公司业绩承压;
2、若公司在察尔汗盐湖的资源综合开发进度、产能建设进度不及预期,将导致业绩低预期。
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
主要财务指标
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
规渠道；（ii）本报告分析逻辑基于作者的职业理解，并清晰准确地反映了作者的研究观点；（iii）本报告结论不受任何第三方的授意或影响；（iv）
不存在任何利益冲突; (v) 英文版翻译若与中文版有所歧义,以中文版报告为准;特此声明。
一般声明
五矿证券有限公司（以下简称“本公司”）具有中国证监会批复的证券投资咨询业务资格。本公司不会因接收人收到本报告即视其为客户，本报告仅在
相关法律许可的情况下发放，并仅为提供信息而发放，概不构成任何广告。本报告的版权仅为本公司所有，未经本公司书面许可，任何机构和个人不
机构（以下简称“该机构”）发送本报告，则由该机构独自为此发送行为负责。
本报告所载的资料、意见及推测仅反映本公司于发布本报告当日的判断，本报告所指的证券或投资标的的价格、价值及投资收入或将产生波动；在不
同时期，本公司可发出与本报告所载资料、意见及推测不一致的报告；本公司不保证本报告所含信息保持在最新状态。同时，本公司对本报告所含信
息可在不发出通知的情形下做出修改，投资者应当自行关注相应的更新或修改。
何保证，也不保证所包含信息和建议不发生任何变更。本公司已力求报告内容的客观、公正，但文中的观点、结论和建议仅供参考，不包含作者对证
券价格涨跌或市场走势的确定性判断。在任何情况下，报告中的信息或意见不构成对任何人的投资建议，投资者据此做出的任何投资决策与本公司和
作者无关。在任何情况下，本公司、本公司员工或者关联机构不承诺投资者一定获利，不与投资者分享投资收益，也不对任何人因使用本报告中的任
何内容所引致的任何损失负任何责任。本公司及作者在自身所知情范围内，与本报告中所评价或推荐的证券不存在法律法规要求披露或采取限制、静
默措施的利益冲突。
五矿证券版权所有。保留一切权利。
特别声明
在法律许可的情况下，五矿证券可能会持有本报告中提及公司所发行的证券并进行交易，也可能为这些公司提供或争取提供投资银行、财务顾问和金
融产品等各种金融服务。因此，投资者应当考虑到五矿证券及/或其相关人员可能存在影响本报告观点客观性的潜在利益冲突，投资者请勿将本报告
视为投资或其他决定的唯一参考依据。
联系我们
务广场 A 座 2208 室
大厦 23 层
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
Analyst Certification
The research analyst is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part. The analyst has the Securities Investment Advisory
Certification granted by the Securities Association of China. Besides, the analyst independently and objectively issues this report holding a diligent
attitude. We hereby declare that (1) all the data used herein is gathered from legitimate sources; (2) the research is based on analyst's professional
understanding, and accurately reflects his/her views; (3) the analyst has not been placed under any undue influence or intervention from a third
party in compiling this report; (4) there is no conflict of interest; (5) in case of ambiguity due to the translation of the report, the original version in
Chinese shall prevail.
Investment Rating Definitions
General Disclaimer
Minmetals Securities Co., Ltd. (or "the company") is licensed to carry on securities investment advisory business by the China Securities Regulatory
Commission. The Company will not deem any person as its client notwithstanding his/her receipt of this report. The report is issued only under
permit of relevant laws and regulations, solely for the purpose of providing information. The report should not be used or considered as an offer or
the solicitation of an offer to sell, buy or subscribe for securities or other financial instruments. The information presented in the report is under the
copyright of the company. Without the written permission of the company, none of the institutions or individuals shall duplicate, copy, or redistribute
any part of this report, in any form, to any other institutions or individuals. The party who quotes the report should contact the company directly to
request permission, specify the source as Equity Research Department of Minmetals Securities, and should not make any change to the information
in a manner contrary to the original intention. The party who re-publishes or forwards the research report or part of the report shall indicate the
issuer, the date of issue, and the risk of using the report. Otherwise, the company will reserve its right to taking legal action. If any other institution
(or "this institution") redistributes this report, this institution will be solely responsible for its redistribution. The information, opinions, and inferences
herein only reflect the judgment of the company on the date of issue. Prices, values as well as the returns of securities or the underlying assets
herein may fluctuate. At different periods, the company may issue reports with inconsistent information, opinions, and inferences, and does not
guarantee the information contained herein is kept up to date. Meanw hile, the information contained herein is subject to change without any prior
notice. Investors should pay attention to the updates or modifications. The analyst wrote the report based on principles of independence, objectivity,
fairness, and prudence. Information contained herein was obtained frompublicly available sources. However, the company makes no warranty of
accuracy or completeness of information, and does not guarantee the information and recommendations contained do not change. The company
strives to be objective and fair in the report's content. How ever, opinions, conclusions, and recommendations herein are only for reference, and do
not contain any certain judgments about the changes in the stock price or the market. Under no circumstance shall the information contained or
opinions expressed herein form investment recommendations to anyone. The company or analysts have no responsibility for any investment
decision based on this report. Neither the company, nor its employees, or affiliates shall guarantee any certain return, share any profits with
investors, and be liable to any investors for any losses caused by use of the content herein. The company and its analysts, to the extent of their
aw areness, have no conflict of interest which is required to be disclosed, or taken restrictive or silent measures by the law s with the stock evaluated
or recommended in this report.
Minmetals Securities Co. Ltd. 2019. All rights reserved.
Special Disclaimer
Permitted by laws, Minmetals Securities Co., Ltd. may hold and trade the securities of companies mentioned herein, and may provide or seek to
provide investment banking, financial consulting, financial products, and other financial services for these companies. Therefore, investors should
be aw are that Minmetals Securities Co., Ltd. or other related parties may have potential conflicts of interest which may affect the objectivity of the
report. Investors should not make investment decisions solely based on this report.
Contact us
Shenzhen
Beijing
Address: Room 2208, 22F, Block A, Eton
Address: 23F, Minmetals Financial Center,
Address: Room 603, 4F, No.9 Shoutinan
Place, No.69 Dongfang Road, Pudong New
3165 Binhai Avenue, Nanshan District,
Road, Haidian District, Beijing
District, Shanghai
Shenzhen