Three quarters of a new high in the history of the glossy glass (600660.0.sh) with increased profitability and ring comparison + 17%, exceeding 12.7 pct (23q3 domestic car output + 4.04%) in the automobile industry, and collecting
The reason for going beyond the industry is expected to be mainly the result of a similar increase in the ratio of car glass to the city. In the context of lower prices for raw materials (pure alkaline, etc.) and higher capacity utilization, the company’s 20203 net interest rate has declined by the same ratio as +9.3 pct, ring + 11.5 pct, showing a decline in the net interest rate to ring.
At the end of the scale, in 2022, the company sold 127.14 million square metres of glass, converted to 4 square metres of glass per vehicle, equivalent to 3,179 million vehicles equipped with 78.39 million vehicles sold worldwide in 22 years.
The Global City of Glass is 40.6%, compared to the previous Bokyo announcement, 1) to invest $650 million in the United States of America to expand plating car glass, floating glass, etc., 2) to cooperate with the State Administration of Cheng, which provides for a whole industry chain layout; 3) to increase the RMB 600 million in construction of platinum car glass, steel laminates, etc.
At the end of the price, the flat price of carbs increased continuously from $152.4 in 2016 to $201.3 in 2022, capr to 4.7 per cent, 2023h1, smart skyscreen glass, luminous glass, glass with a head display, ultra-segregated glass, light-quantified ultra-feat glass, platable glass with heat, chemical steel glass, etc.
Product share rises by 10.08 ptt. With high value-added glass like skyscreen glass, hud glass - second quarter Māori ratio rises by ring, car glass - quarterly revenue increases by 8%, car glass sheets
"Glossy glass (600660.0.sh) - a 19 per cent increase in four-quarter annual revenues alone, automobile estate investment proposal: to maintain profit forecasts and buy-in ratings. "Glossy glass (600660.0.sh) - a 49 per cent-106 per cent increase in net profit in four-quarters alone.
The company, as the global engine of car glass, has a big intellectual trend in which the car glass is expected to be 1) a bicycle glass.
Heat, bundly, hud, luminous, 5g communications, etc., increased from $600 to over $2,000. As a result, car glass, web connection opened up new horizons, and the industry was expected to accelerate. We maintained a profit margin of $335 million compared to +5.7 per cent. Exchange gains were $1,063 million in the same period the previous year.
The reason for the excess of production over industry is expected to be mainly due to the same increase in the city's share of car glass. 2023q3, the exchange loss of RMB 264 million due to exchange rate fluctuations, and a 36 per cent increase in the total interest on exchange.
Since 2013, the annual increase in the annual harvest of Fukuyo Glass and the quarterly fluctuations in the rate of increase have been largely consistent with the domestic car market industry, where the rate of increase has been largely in absolute terms, sustained to a certain extent above the industry, with a 4.04% increase in domestic automobile production in 2023q3 compared to the same year.
Figure 9: Annual comparison of the rate of increase in vehicle/car fleet production and the rate of increase in glass camp, Figure 10: Quarterly comparison of the rate of increase in vehicle/car fleet production and the rate of increase in glass camp
In 2022, the company sold 127.14 million square metres of glass, converted by 4 square metres of glass per vehicle, as compared to 31.79 million vehicles equipped with Marklines data, and 7,839 million vehicles sold globally in 2022, accounting for 40.6 per cent of the global market for corporate car glass, compared with 3.7 pct.
In the United States, there are 5.5 million units (15% R & D) and 1.3 million units in Russia. According to the company announcement, the company will continue to expand its glass capacity in the United States, Chengzhou, and Fuqing.
The company’s floating glass energy base currently covers the United States, with 1.35 million tons of domestic capacity and 260,000 tons of United States capacity. According to the company’s announcement, the company will then expand the floating glass/light glass capacity in the United States.
The announcement of increased investment by American Limited and its subsidiaries, Hyo intended to invest $65 million in the United States of America, a fully-owned subsidiary, of which $30 million was invested in projects such as plating car glass, production lines, steeled windows, etc. for the United States of America; and $35 million in the United States of America.
On 30 August, Foyo Illinois, a subsidiary, invested additionally and invested in the construction of two lines of a kiln (the floating production line of Fukuyo Illinois), four solar backboard glass deep processing production lines, factories and supporting infrastructure projects.
For the long- and medium-term layout of Chengzhou and the focus area on the cultivation of urban areas in China, Fukuyo will implement the whole industry chain layout in Chengzhou to expand production capacity and build the capacity of “Change One”
(a) Establishment of multi-purpose vehicle glass and new technology research and development centres for new technologies for new energy vehicles and customers;
On August 30, Foyoshi Industries Group, Inc., published a voluntary disclosure on the subject of full capital to the owner of the owner's company, Feng Yiu Po, Ltd., as a companion to a full set of car glass (including steel, plating, mold production, etc.)
In June 2021, the Department announced that it had invested 600 million yuan in the Fukuk car glass for projects such as the construction of plating lines for car glass and steeled laminates for windows, which had been filed with the Fukuk City Agency for Development and Reform in June 2022 and had started work on civil construction in August 2022.
We believe that the expansion is expected to open a new cycle of capacity generation, and that the global market share of the company’s car glass industry, with the expansion signal, is expected to continue to rise. At the price end: sustained R & D inputs, with higher value-added products rising.
In order to maintain a competitive advantage, companies have been investing more and more, and their R & D investment has grown from $155 million in 2010 to $1,249 million in 2022, or 19% in cagr. Companies investing more in R & D than their intra-industry competitors, and starting in 2014 they are spending more on R & D.
It has been higher than 3.80%, with a 4.44% R & D cost in 2022, higher than overseas car glass taps. The company has set up smart innovation centres, set up smart network innovation teams, quickly developed a cut-off and made breakthroughs in core technology areas such as critical car glass manufacturing processes and equipment, glass antennas, plating, photovoltaics, etc.
Plasma glass, plating and heating glass, looking glass, ultra-segregated glass, etc rfid5g glass with a web-wire antenna, smart panorama glass, etc., provide users with new green intelligence, energy-efficient and environmentally friendly driving experiences.
Research and development of innovation and technology leads, and corporate glass products are rising in value. Companies continue to drive car glass towards “safe, energy-efficient, environment-friendly, fashion-friendly, intelligent integration.” 2023h1. Companies accelerate the development of new products, new technologies, new materials, intensive research and development of higher value-added products with autonomous intellectual property rights, and continue to upgrade.
Intelligent skyglasses, radiable glass, head-on glass, ultra-segregated glass, light-quantifiable ultra thin glass, plating glass, chemical steel glass, etc., have continued to rise, representing an increase of 10.08 percentage points over the same period the previous year.
In December 2021, the world's first landscape-wide mountain tourist train was officially under way in Hunanzhou and is expected to be operational on Integrated Orbital Transport Line 1 in late 2022.
The front window, the Sky Mirror, is designed with hyperbolic front window sizes of about 5.2 m2, which is the largest orbital front window product in its current size, and the side window of the train, which uses electrocutable glass.
Figure 13: Auto-glass industry benefits from increased vehicle size and single-square-metre value, Figure 15: official downline of the world ' s leading landscape-wide mountain tourism train, Figure 14: unit price of Fukuoka car glass ($/m2)
By converting solar energy into electrical power, providing energy for vehicle appliances; reducing fuel consumption; without shielding the super-observation, the view above is perfect; and the sounding of the light is excellent, magnifying the atmosphere, heat insulation, sound insulation, and sun skylights inside the vehicle.
In the panorama skylights, create a wonderful driving experience that combines all kinds of fabrics, and is beautifully shaped; it can be flat, beautiful, wind-like.
The front windshield, the doorglass, the back adornment are integrated into the glass, which prevents smallness; it displays a colourful, high-lighted look.
Windshields, skylights can display mirrors with high light effects and splendor; model designs are free; and car bodies can be suspended, stand-alone highs.
Top effects; guided track structure, which provides direction for glass lifts and drops; flat windows with a simple look; windows, including adornment, with a high level of gold and a small wind barrier.
(i) Window seals: waterproof dust, soundproofing noise, forming the body of the vehicle with better user experience
(c) Simplified total vehicle assembly process with a glass-sided view, track and glass-like structure;) easy-to-assemble module: fast-tracking, efficient and easy-to-loading.
Active glass windows, enhanced air flow; easy access (for the back of the pickup); manual with door glass, back windshield always made from slide windows
Electric openings are coupled; flat or faulty appearances can be achieved. In December 2022, Foyo released a transparent projection showing the glass, closed the window on the side of the sound, and then the video could be cleaned up and projected on the panorama; and a completely new laser radar internalization programme was launched - placement of the laser radar
On the inside of the front windshield, which is the best solution that can be found now from the image of the vehicle, the layout of the laser radar, and later, not only is the curvature of the car fluid, but it is not possible to deactivate the laser radar system because of the low impact detection because of the installation of the position, and with the front windshield as a protective layer, the laser radar device can be deactivated.
Daphne, the clean-up programme, and, of course, the defrosting programme were saved, as well as from the impact of gravel and other shocks, which resulted in a double reduction in current manufacturing costs and maintenance costs. Figure 17: Fukuyo launched the laser radar internalization programme - placing the laser radar in front
The inner side of the windshield looks forward to a gradual increase in the use of hud (the popular meb/the new platform of the Great Wall, etc.), full glass roofs (Texra, Peng, etc.), and the use of light glass as a proxy, with an increase in the automobile glass industry in the context of electric intelligence.
Quick. We believe that light glass is used for insulation, sound insulation, entertainment, safety, etc. More functionality will be given to glass from the panorama. Full-blown light glass product layouts are supplied to the mainstream, brand-owned electric smart cars. At present, light glass products can be divided into pdlc light glass, thermal color-changed products.
Pdlc radiates glass, of which pdlc can modulate the panorama glass as an integral part of the map free. Level 10 blobs can be modulated with 99% UV. Thermomodified glass can customize multiple glass colours and the colours can vary depending on the temperature: ec radiates the skyscreen as a blessing for the new heavy light glass introduced this year.
With low fog, automatic transfer of intelligence sensors, insulation of UV, etc., and with optical game ec electro-continuing colour technology to achieve a gradient of color modulus light in polar helium 001, wide gas aionsplus, Biadi seals, etc., Figure 18: Freepdlc modulation + plating panorama
Figure 19: Biadi seals carrying ec light +low-e panorama investment proposals: continued recommendation of global leadership glass on high-quality track, maintenance of “buy-in” ratings, industry opportunities around 1) incremental/upgraded parts and components in the context of motor intelligence; 2) autonomous rise production
Two main lines of the chain are active. Under the main line of incremental/upgraded parts, car glass is naturally captivated (occupying one third of the surface of the car and surrounding the crew), prior upgrades are centred around front-hudization, top-of-the-scenes penetration, and in the medium term, forward car glass is expected to become the mass at the end of the car's ecological application.
According to the output carrier (volume of information other than the control screen), there is a huge growth space (one-car value from 700-1500-3000+). Glossy glass has grown with China ' s automobile industry for many years, with great focus and cost-control capabilities.
Short-term dimensions, with firm performance expected to grow robustly in 2023 in the context of glass product upgrading, sea transport and chip mitigation, and rising city occupancy; medium-term dimensions, with companies increasing their production in North America, China, and Fuching.
A new cycle of production is expected to open, with the global market coverage of corporate car glass operations expected to continue to rise at an upswing, long-term dimension, with companies acting as global car glass taps with a high trend of intelligentness, with motor glass expected to start at 1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Insulation, wrapping, hud, luminous, 5g communications, etc., increased from $600 to over $2,000. The following car glass, web connection, opened up new horizons, and the industry’s asp upgrades were expected to accelerate.The author assured that the data used in the report were from compliance channels; the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, and by reasoning judgment and drawing conclusions,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author