Large banks (601818): fee revenue increases brightly, asset quality continues to improve
Incidents: On 28 October, Gwang Da Bank published its third quarterly report for 2021, and the first three quarters of the year saw its collection/requirement. The Gwang Da Bank of China was established in August 1992 with the approval of the Chinese People ' s Bank and the approval of the Chinese People ' s Bank.
China’s non-interest income performance continues to boost the growth rate.
Overall, the growth of middle- and other high non-interest income supports faster growth; three seasons of large banks focusing on the “first-class wealth management bank” strategy, there has been an increase in the size of the provision, which has contributed to a slight decline in net profit growth.
Agility, technology, ecology, through integration, specialization, lightening, digitalization and, at the income-side, scale-driven growth of net interest income, with a 2.2 per cent increase in non-interest income performance.
Innovations in fast-track products, channels and service modes have led to faster development of market-based intermediates in such areas as wealth management and financial science and technology, with a 10.2 per cent increase in net fee revenue over the past quarter.
The competitive advantage has resulted in balanced business development, risk management and faster growth of value and investment returns, which have led to other gains of 12.2 per cent over the same year.
At the end of September, the loan accounted for interest-bearing assets.
52 weeks of inter-share value ($) liability structure, with a slight decrease in the ratio of deposits or some impact on the cost of the liability; however, with the introduction of the new deposit pricing mechanism, it is expected that the medium- and long-term deposit price will decline, contributing to the debt.
At the end of September, the balance of non-performing loans stood at $43.9 billion, and the wealth management strategy was steadily moving forward, which is expected to support faster growth. Companies responded to the trend of banking transformation.
In 2018, the strategic objective of “building a first-class wealth-management bank” was to achieve a low balance-sheet morphology and a weak cycle of profit patterns.
Innovation, sensitivity to industry trends and market demands, proactive management levels and technological research and development capabilities are strong, laying a solid foundation for a transformation of wealth management. Since the inception of the money management system, the system of property management has improved and the net worth transformation has progressed steadily.
2) The group works together to improve efficiency and help transform wealth management. The big group has a full financial license and a business plate with environmental protection, tourism, health, etc. ... provides fertile ground for corporate wealth management operations. As the e-sbu conglomerate is built, there is a breakthrough in client migration, cross-marketing, product innovation, and so on.
Consider the group’s efficient and coordinated investment proposals: since the transformation of the Big Bank’s wealth management strategy, institutional mechanisms have been continuously optimized, and product innovation has been maintained. The brand advantage of sunny finance, cloud fees, etc. has been gradually strengthened: retail customers and aum have become faster.
Growth, the contribution to wealth management business is increasing year by year, and the characteristics of wealth management are becoming more apparent. Relying on corporate financial license plates, multi-industry advantages, companies are investing in a conglomerate of wealth e-sbu, and the conglomerates are working together to connect tianxy@dxzq.net.cn
East’s financial and intellectual boom, the confluence of the conglomerates. Gives the company 0.6 times 2021 pb (the current average value of a comparable stock bank is
Figure 1: Net profit of Grand Bank 3q21 increased by 18.6 per cent in year-on-year figure 2: Net profit of Grand Bank 3q21 increased by 12.4 per cent in quarter-on-year terms, Figure 3: Discrete performance of Grand Bank 1h21 and 3q21
Figure 4: Steady growth in interest-bearing assets in the first three quarters of Grand Bank, Figure 5: 185.75 per cent coverage by Grand Bank at the end of September, 1.7 pcc increase
Figure 6: Non-performing loan rates for large banks, 1.34 per cent at the end of September, with a 2bp drop in the ring ratio, the source of financial prosperity in the East
I've been in the banking industry for years, and I've been in the gold, sea and skywind banking industry.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Co. reported that Gwang Bank (601818): Revenue from fees is growing brightly and asset quality continues to improve.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.