Hangzhou Bank (600926), two net profits Hangzhou Bank incident: On August 27, Hangzhou Bank published its semi-annual report for 2020.
Mother-to-child net profits of 12.854 billion, 9.701 billion and 4,068 million, representing an increase of 22.9 per cent, 25.2 per cent and 12.1 per cent, respectively, respectively.
Thirty-three urban credit union shareholders, credit union shareholders and Hangzhou have achieved double-digit growth in net profits, mainly as a result of the growth in net interest income.
Long, with 22.9 per cent and 25.2 per cent increases respectively, net interest income increased by 28.4 per cent over the same period (with steady growth in size), market positioning of the local economy, small and medium-sized enterprises and urban and rural residents, committed to providing professional, easy, friendly finance to clients
Services, after many years of effort, have evolved into a family with two-digit net profit increases (year-on-year +12.1 per cent) and better profitability than comparable counterparts.
Credit continued to increase in the second quarter, with loans recovering growth and structural improvements. At the end of June, loans stood at $452.6 billion, representing an increase of 9.3 per cent compared to the beginning of the year. The regional share system, spearheaded by the National Urban Commercial Bank (the rate of growth was almost the same as during the same period last year).
- - 1.41 per cent, 5.49 per cent) reflecting the gradual erosion of the impact of the epidemic on retail lending. At the same time, loans have fallen in structural terms, as well as in the costs of corporate liabilities and bond issuance. 1) At the end of June, the end of the month was the end of high-yield lending: the cost of benefiting from the cost of inter-industry liabilities and interest rates on bond issuance, and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities has fallen by 16 bp over 19 years;
On the other hand, the cost of deposits was relatively rigid, rising by 6bp over 19 years, and was associated with an increase in the share of term deposits (higher fees and net commissions than at the end of 19 years, leading to a rapid increase in non-interest income.
The quality of the assets remains stable and the quality of the public assets is strong. The negative balance at the end of June, the ratio of the share achieved, is “double down”; the quality of the assets is not strong. The poor rate of retail lending is 4 bp less than it was at the end of 19 years, and it is mainly the pressure of consumer lending (0.26 pct to 0.72% higher). As the economy continues to recover, the negative growth in retail lending will gradually take place over the long term.
Investment proposals: Hangzhou Bank based in Zhejiang province, with superior geographical location; vigorously promoting the strategic transformation of retailing, focusing on technological and financial services. Net profit growth remains resilient, risk management is prudent, asset quality is robust, wind is strong, and the risk relief capacity is enhanced. In the current climate of greater macro-premium uncertainty, companies are either growing in the second half of the year.
Business speeds up the layout of the business and creates a differentiated financial business. The company is valued at 1.4 times the 2020 pb target, tianxy@dxzq.net.cn, a source of financial prosperity in the East.
1. The Hangzhou Bank was established in September 1996 and co-sponsored by the shareholders of 33 municipal credit unions in the former Hangzhou city, the shareholders of the credit union and the Hangzhou City Fiscal Authority. In 1997-2014, the company carried out eight replenishments and one transfer of capital stock, which was submitted to the market in October 2016.
Zhejiang Province has a large economy and a strong financial demand. The company is based in Zhejiang Province, with a strong economic base and a strong financial demand; it has benefited fully from the presence of 92 enterprises in Zhejiang Province, which has been established in mid-year by over 500 national companies.
By the end of June 2020, the company had 218 branches, of which 102 in Hangzhou and 52 in Zhejiang Province, with full institutional coverage in Zhejiang Province and strategic layout of the developed economic circles such as the Long Triangle, the Pearl Triangle and the Ring Sea. By the end of June, the company was lending 68.71 per cent in Zhejiang Province, contributing 76.39 per cent of its operating profits.
Figure 4: The ratio of loans to Zhejiang Province of Hangzhou Bank (market share) is increasing. 2. Shareholders have diversified backgrounds and business management capacity is constantly improving.
The Hangzhou bank has a diversified shareholder structure, which helps to improve the market-based corporate governance system. After the April increase, the first shareholder and strategic investor, the Federal Bank of Australia, held 15.57% of the shares, the Hangzhou municipality and the State-owned enterprises (the Hangzhou City Fiscal Authority, the Financial Group, the Hang Wheels) held 23.32%, the Red Lions Group held 11.81%, and the Chinese (the Chinese Enterprise Insurance Fund) held 4.80% of the shares.
Capital, a diversified shareholder structure, contributes to the soundness of a market-based corporate governance system.
In recent years, Hangzhou Bank has made large retailing a strategic transformation priority, with fast-tracking retailing platforms. By the end of 2019, retail lending had increased to 38.34%, ranking second in the upper-market comptoirs.
In 2019, retail financial line lending was poor at 0.10 per cent, and business sustainability and robustness were strong. The contribution of retail operations has been increasing, with the share of retail services charges and commissions increasing to 50.19 per cent in 2019, mainly to account for the increase in revenue from financial fees.
Science and technology finance is a differentiated business with an early layout. At present, households account for 51 per cent more than the previous year, or 18 per cent of the total number of public clients; the loan balance stands at $22,649 million, or 19 per cent more than the previous year, or 9.57 per cent of public loans.
Figure 10: SCI credit as a share of public loans increased to 9.57 per cent 4. Net profits increased by two digits, asset quality continued to improve. Net profits increased by two digits, mainly as a result of net interest income growth. 1h20 revenues and pops increased by 22.9 per cent, respectively.
25.2 per cent. The breakdown shows a 28.4 per cent increase in net interest income over the year (stable growth in size, large interest differentials, and rising volume prices), a 10.6 per cent increase in non-interest income over the year, and a two-digit increase in net profits (+12.1 per cent over the same period), with profits better than those of comparable counterparts.
Hangzhou Bank (600926), with two-digit net profits increasing, asset quality improving continuously, credit increasing in the second quarter and loans returning to growth and structural improvement. Loans of $4,52.6 billion at the end of June, representing an increase of 9.3% compared to the beginning of the year (the impact of the build-up gradually faded from the same period last year). At the same time, individual loans tended to be structured in favour of low-risk mortgage loans, with mortgage lending rising at the end of June compared to late 19 years.
From 2.71pc to 39.44%. 1h20 net interest difference of 1 95% compared to the previous 19 years.
1 End line for this and bond issuance costs. 1) End of June: high-yield loans, bond investment increased by 2 pct, 2nd end of 19 years compared to end of 19 years. End of liabilities: benefits from lower costs of inter-operability liabilities and interest rates on bond issuance, 16 bp lower cost of interest-bearing liabilities compared to 19 years: savings cost increased by 120.9 per cent, of which benefits from financial business development, hosting and other fiduciary commissions increased by 267.2 per cent on the same basis; Illustrative transaction fees and commissions increased by 267.2 per cent on the same basis.
At the end of June, the negative balance, the share of which was “double down”; the negative balance fell to 5.596 billion; the negative quarterly ratio fell by 5bp to 1.24%, and the asset quality indicators on the books continued to improve. At the end of the year, the poor rate of corporate lending fell by 22bp to 1.61%, the poor stock was accelerated and the asset quality was tightened. The poor rate of retail loans rose by 4bp, mainly from the end of the 19th year.
If there is a pressure on consumer lending (a negative increase of 0.26 pct to 0.72%). As the economy continues to recover, the unsound growth of retail loans in the long run will gradually be a source of financial growth in the East (600926); net profits will increase by two digits and asset quality will continue to improve.
Hangzhou Bank, based in Zhejiang province, is well-positioned in geographical areas; there is a strong push for a strategic shift in retailing, with a focus on science and technology-based financial services. Net profit growth is robust, risk controls are prudent, asset quality is robust and risk offset capacity is enhanced. In the current climate of greater macro-level uncertainty, companies or further increases in write-off disposal and provisioning are expected to increase net profits by 8.9 per cent and 12.8 per cent in 2020/2011 in the second half of the year.
The economic downturn has led to a deterioration in asset quality; unexpected changes in regulatory policy, etc.
Hangzhou Bank (600926). Two-digit net profit increases, asset quality continues to improve.
Master of Arts in Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, United Kingdom. Years of experience in banking, career studies in gold securities, seaton securities, Skywind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Co. reported that Hangzhou Bank (600926); net profits have increased by two digits and assets have improved continuously, without any guarantee that the information and advice contained will not change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.