Five-year strategic results, high-performance prospects, high-growth city comptoirs, high-performance.
The current bank block is about to revalue the business, and we believe that Hangzhou Bank is an interesting target within the block. The net profit boom is high and clean, and capital replenishment can increase dramatically. Hangzhou Bank receipts and performance grew at the top of the city’s comptoirs from 2018 to 2019, with performance rising by 202001.
By the end of 2001, the company’s stock of risks had been largely eliminated, listed. The company was set to increase by 800 million shares in April this year, effectively easing core-level capital constraints and leaving room for scale expansion.
The Hangzhou Bank builds multi-profit centres, retail and public businesses, providing a solid basis for performance growth. In retail operations, companies promote high growth in private consumer loans through fist-based “rooster loans” to build new businesses.
Point of growth: Micro-lending emerges from bad loads and increases in profitability: the “we finance” platform of the upper-line integrated wealth system, where wealth management operations contribute to rapid growth. In public business, companies continuously reduce the share of loans in high-risk sectors, such as manufacturing and zero industries, and increase lending in low-risk sectors such as water, environment and public administration;
The Hangzhou Bank focuses on Zhejiang, the country’s large economy, and the financial needs are high, and there will be hundreds of millions of capital projects in the future.
The demand for large loans will provide much room for long-term growth in the company's performance. • Investment proposal: a “recommended” rating. The current pb valuation of the bank block is at a low level for almost five years.
Given the downside of interest rates and the gradual erosion of the impact of the epidemic, we expect that the pb valuation of the plate will return to pre-epidemiological levels before the outbreak and then break upwards to about 1.1 times. Under fundamentals, policy and financial catalysts, the restoration of the value of the bank unit has been opened. Hangzhou Bank’s performance has been stable in recent years, and development prospects are wide, although in the short term profits will release the rhythm in response to the epidemic.
The loan interest rate was faster to contain interest differentials and the quality of some of the bank’s assets fluctuated. First, relying on the government’s deep-seated, poor performance, and (i) relying on the Treasury’s mixed ownership comptoirs.
The Bank of Hangzhou was set up in 1996 under the joint initiative of the shareholders of 33 municipal credit unions in the former city of Hangzhou, the shareholders of the credit union, the finance bureau of Hangzhou City, etc. It was placed on the market in October 2016.
The market location of small and medium-sized enterprises and urban and rural residents, with a focus on Zhejiang Hang County, is based in Zhejiang Province, a long triangle rooted in high economic and financial growth, and continues to benefit from the Changjiang Economic Zone National Strategy. By the end of 2019, the company had 213 branches. 150 are located in Zhejiang Province, with assets of 77.83 per cent.
Of these, 101 (including head office) are located in Hangzhou; the remaining 63 are located in Beijing, Shenzhen, Shanghai, Nanjing, and Hoyon, creating "Alimentary Hangzhou, Begang Province, Deep Triangle, Far North" specialized silver, 2 stockholdings: Ethorang County Treasury, Leaning the Commonwealth Bank of Australia
The Hangzhou Bank is a mixed-owned bank with a multi-sharehold background. To date, the Hangzhou City Fiscal Board has direct holdings of 11.86%, and shareholders such as the Hangzhou City Finance and Investment Group (6.88%) have become coherent actors in the Hangzhou City Fiscal Administration on the basis of administrative or financial relationships, so that the Hangzhou City Fiscal Authority has direct and indirect holdings of 18.74% (taking only the top ten shareholders into account).
In addition, the top 10 shareholders in the company include: the Red Lion Group, local state-owned Hangzhou turbines, Sogoko and Gao-Sung, China and China joint venture Hangzhou River joint appliances, and China and China Pacific life insurance.
Figure 3: The top ten shareholders of Hangzhou Bank (after a fixed increase up to 2020) The multi-equity composition of Hangzhou Bank created the natural advantages of all aspects of Hangzhou Bank. The practical control of Hangzhou City Fiscal Authority enabled the company to have natural financial strength, solid government support and excellent business resources: the involvement of foreign firms enabled the company to absorb it.
International experience has included the signing of a skills transfer agreement and a memorandum with the Australian Federal Bank to collaborate on skills transfer, talent introduction, business cooperation and joint investment to optimize corporate technology and business concepts in a comprehensive manner: private and local state enterprises have a stake in close cooperation between companies and local enterprises: participation in venture capital reflects long-term financial confidence in Hangzhou Bank.
Figure 4: ABS and Hangzhou Bank implementation of the skills transfer project (ii) Five-Year Strategic Effectiveness Six Strategies initiative, developed into “light, new, refined and compatible” quality banks, i.e. light capital, light cost, new model, new industry
In terms of concrete actions, companies have developed “Focus Six Development Strategies, Capacity Building Six” strategic initiatives. The “Focus Six Development Strategies” include strong retailing, big corporations, good stewardship, regionalization,
Promoting digital innovation and seeking integrated business: “six capacity-building” includes strengthening organizational management, risk management, synergies, resource allocation, cost pricing, and systems-building capacity. The results of the Hangzhou Bank's business development strategy ... are particularly prominent in the operations of “large retail” and “large companies.” The company's “strong retailing” strategy comes mainly from consumer credit, micro-credit.
Business and wealth management started with the “Big Business” strategy, which advocated a focus on eight major industries, with the first focusing on three major sectors: scientific and technological innovation, health care and public services.
Strategic results are visible, with the “Billion Billion Clubs” (1) rising revenue and net profits, with assets falling by trillion in 2019. In 2013-2016, banks in Hangzhou grew slowly, below the average market-based comptoirs.
Long-term steady expansion has been a major driver of performance growth, but until 2017, net interest differentials continued to narrow, and asset quality deterioration slowed up performance growth. During this period, market competition under interest rates increased and central banks reduced interest rates, resulting in a general decline in interest differentials between the city’s comptoirs and a higher ratio of loans and lower-cost deposits in the corporate asset-liability structure.
In addition, the deterioration in asset quality has eroded the net return profit, but it is precisely the firm that actively plans to make a provision to clear the risks, which has provided the basis for the recovery of profitability. After 2017, Hangzhou Bank’s net return profit has gradually increased to the top of the upper market comptoirs.
The downward trend has been maintained, mainly because, in the context of deleveraging, the upturn in market interest rates has led to higher costs of active debt, and the firm’s increase in the share of large active liabilities has led to a sharp reduction in interest differentials. But, thanks to improved asset quality, the contribution of the provision to the net profits of the parent has been reversed and has benefited significantly from the tax concessions resulting from the 72.03 per cent increase in tax-exempt income, which increased only at the rate of the parent’s net profits in 2017.
Lower than the average market-based comptoir value of 1.06 pct. From 2018 to 2019, the average net interest differentials of the city comptoir began to recover steadily, while the Hangzhou bank optimized the asset-liability structure, with the average loan balance as a share of interest-bearing assets increasing from 34.38% in 2017 to 2019.
The same rate of increase was 25.4%, as a result of the improvement in the quality of the assets, the negative contribution of the provision to net profits was reduced, making the net profit increase equally significant, with the profit growth rate of 2020q1 ranking among the top comptoirs in the city. Roe also improved in 2019, guaranteeing comparability, with interest-bearing assets being consolidated in the analysis to include transactional financial assets and taking investment gains into account net interest income.
Hangzhou Bank is now ranked sixth in the upper city comptoirs in asset size. The company has a natural regional advantage. The economy of Zhejiang province is large.
Large and fast growth provides a vast market space for company business expansion. In recent years, corporate profitability has increased rapidly, performance has shown high growth, and there is still a greater potential for expansion. (2) Out of poor conditions, asset quality has improved significantly.
Overall, from 2013 to 2016, Hangzhou bank failure rates and concern rates were higher than the average market-based comptoirs, and there was a downward trend in the provision coverage. By breakdown, the quality of public loans was more stable, but since individual loans were larger in the credit category, customer performance slowed down,
The Hangzhou Bank has taken the initiative to reduce the risk of lending, and the quality of assets has gradually improved since 2016. Companies have gradually reduced their stock lending by optimizing the customer structure and the structure of their credit products, strengthening credit-wide controls, and increasing the collection of stock-risk assets.
Unperforming lending rates and interest rates fell for the third consecutive year after 2016, gradually emerging from the burden of bad capital. By the end of 2019, the rate of poor individual loans fell significantly from 9.74 pct to 1.13% as compared with the end of June 2016, with the average for listed comptoirs, with a strong risk countervailing capacity.
Figure 14: Improved quality of bank assets in Hangzhou, Figure 15: Double increase in bank provision coverage and loans in Hangzhou Bank, Figure 16: Poor rate of individual and corporate lending in Hangzhou Bank
Figure 17: Poor individual lending rate at Hangzhou Bank  Poor individual housing loan rate  Poor individual business loan rate
▪ Individual consumer loans and other poor rates (3) Capital constraints eased and adequacy gradually increased By 2020, core-level capital constraints limited further expansion of Hangzhou Bank.
Replenishment of other levels of capital and capital at the primary and secondary levels through the issuance of priority shares, secondary capital debt and durable debt, with primary capital adequacy and capital adequacy indicators remaining at relatively adequate levels, with 2020q1 above the regulatory threshold of 2.10 pct and 3.89 pct, respectively.
In April, Hangzhou Bank released 800 million shares to the Red Lions Group, Hangzhou City Treasury, Sugoko, and Suzhou, net of the associated distribution costs.
7.13 billion yuan was raised to supplement all core-level capital. At the end of 2001, data static was used to determine capital replenishment mitigation. As the growth in corporate performance was largely due to the expansion of interest-bearing assets and the current overall downward trend in industry interest differentials, this increase in core-level capital provided a space for companies to “upper-value” and was expected to drive continuous change in performance indicators.
(2) A small margin of error in the calculation as a result of the retention of two decimals II. A strong business base plus a wide market space, with high profit growth and sustainability (i) retail parallel to common, driving high performance growth
Hangzhou Bank has placed “Back retailing” at the top of its strategic initiatives, focusing on personal consumption loans and micro-credit in interest income, developing wealth management in non-interest income and gradually consolidating retail advantages. (1) Box products drive high growth in personal consumption credit.
The Hangzhou Bank, in its strategy to promote consumer credit by punching head products, launched in 2017 a “rooster lending” platform to develop personal consumption around a group of “salaried” customers. The loan balance at the end of the year has reached $37,752 million, representing 82.97% of individual consumer loans (and others).
The “rooster lending” is a credit lending platform for the people who pay their contributions to the Provident Fund, which emerges from a homogenous competition in the market with three main advantages:1 using an on-line-down integration model that enhances the client's experience of managing risks effectively and efficiently at the same time: “rooster lending” is an easy line.
The channels addressed the “last kilometre” of bank loans, and the lending operations were opened only in the area covered by the company's branch offices. The online application was followed by the client manager's door-to-door signature, which effectively reduced the risk of lending through the management of the under-line contacts and local networks;2 The quality of clients was ensured through the use of the bond payment record: the client community was assured through the review of the bond payment records.
White collars with stable incomes competed differently from the Internet credit products of the target clients, creating a win-win situation for the company's good assets3 and flexible repayment methods: the needs of different customers were met by needs-based agreements plus daily payments, which helped the company to increase market penetration.
The company proposes a five-year strategy to focus on pricing higher levels of micro-lending, to control incremental loan risk based on the adjustment of the stock loan structure, and to keep the balance of micro-lending steady.
Small micro-finance operations have been light-loaded and their profitability has improved considerably since the accumulation of bad assets. By the end of 2019, micro-credit had a poor rate of 1.34 per cent and the cost of credit had fallen from 5.77 per cent in 2016 to 0.89 per cent. Microline profitability has been repaired and profits have increased from 74.30 per cent in 2016 to 46.19 per cent in 2019.
On the one hand, product design is closely linked to micro-enterprise characteristics, optimizing the micro-client structure around “credit, data, mortgage.” For less than 1 million people, there is an improvement in micro-finance.
For loans of less than 10 million, the company has designed mortgages for groups of tenants, such as “Cloud Credits”, “File Credits”, “Pay Loans” and “Parent Loans” for individuals with good quality housing or self-built housing, and “Tax Loans” for small micro-enterprises with good tax records; for loans of less than 10 million, the company has designed collateral products such as “Cloud Credits”, “Fair Credits”, “Pay Loans” and “Lender Loans” to control credit risk.
By 2016, housing loans were the main driving force behind the growth of retail loans; since 2016, loans for individual operations and consumer loans have increased.
Individual consumer loans are still growing at a very strong pace. At the end of 2019, Hangzhou Bank’s personal loans formed a three-way balance between housing, consumption, and operating.
In recent years, market interest rates have been on a downward trend, both peer and bond investment rates have declined, and loans with higher rates of return have grown rapidly and have increased in proportion to the rate of return on interest-bearing assets.
Figure 27: Increase in the percentage of individual loans by Hangzhou Bank, Figure 28: Growth of total loans driven by Hangzhou Bank ' s personal loans (3)
Hangzhou Bank actively promotes a shift in business to “light assets.” Companies emphasize strong wealth management in their “strong retailing” strategy. Since the implementation of the five-year strategy, companies have taken a variety of initiatives, such as community marketing, customer stratification, to promote retail finance and actively improve customer service capacity.
In early 2019, Hangzhou Bank went to the “we finance” platform of the online integrated wealth system. On the one hand, the platform integrated financial and private collection, trust products into micro-credit programs, and sent market information to users in real time to achieve one-stop access to micro-credit.
The foreclosure of property enhances efficiency in the promotion of property and customer selection: on the other hand, “housekeeper-to-house, high-frequency interaction” is achieved through customer-level customizing financial managers at small end of the program. The platform innovates client-to-customer access, raises the level of client-specific management in a low-cost manner, and contributes to significant improvements in retail sales.
In 2019, retail wealth management began to function as a middle-income pillar. When the “we finance” platform went online, there was a significant improvement in the fees and net revenue from the company’s retail financial lines, which rose from an increase of between 2018 and 4.91 per cent to an increase in fees and fees, and hosting and other fiduciary operations became the main contributors to the increase in fees and commissions.
The Hangzhou Bank has a better quality of public loan assets.
The Hangzhou Bank’s stability in the quality of public loan assets is largely due to the timely adjustment of the credit portfolio to changes in the macro-environment, which, on the one hand, reduces the ratio of loans to high-risk sectors, such as manufacturing and the zero-sum industry, and, on the other hand, increases the ratio of loans to low-risk sectors, where firms have a high-risk ratio of loans to manufacturing, wholesale and retail industries.
In response to the structural transformation of the economy, companies have taken the initiative to reduce low-value-added trades in traditional manufacturing and electricity producers that are not in line with the direction of industrial development, low technology content and low value added.
The share of loans in manufacturing and wholesale retailing has shifted to low-risk sectors such as water, environment, and public facilities management. The Zhejiang manufacturing and commerce industries are in transition, and traditional lending needs have declined.
Investment needs have been rising, with capital investment in the industry growing at an average compound rate of 22.86% per year in 2013-2018. Bank loans in Hangzhou have gradually shifted in favour of the water, environment and public facilities management sector, which increased from 5.93% in 2013 to 19.82% in 2019, with a negative industry rate of zero.
Long, stable earnings and high customer qualifications contribute to smoothing income and defusing credit risks in the lower cycle of the economy. Figure 39: Increased market share of the Hangzhou Bank in intra-provincial water, environmental and public facilities management lending
In 2016, the Hangzhou government launched the 13th Five-Year Plan, which includes cultural creative industries in six major industries and proposes a 1+6 cluster development initiative.
The Hangzhou Bank seized the opportunity of the Hangzhou industry’s development in Hangzhou and identified the first priority in its strategy of “making major corporations” to focus on the S&T industry. The number of clients of S&T services grew rapidly, at an average rate of 34.33% in 2016-2019.
The Hangzhou Bank has made a number of potential clients as it grows. In the field of technology, the Hangzhou Bank has provided a pure credit loan to a start-up firm that is working on the digital upgrading of the textile industry, which now covers 70% of the world’s top 200 garment factories; the Ningbo branch has provided 10 million loans to a start-up medical equipment technology company.
In China, the company has supported videos such as The People’s Name, We Want to Be Good, and has granted credit loans to them after they have invested in the fruit culture at the latitudes of China.
In 2015, the Hangzhou Bank established the Science, Technology, and Finance Department, which now has a direct head office, six specialized agencies in the country's priority areas, and a number of special branches and special teams, with a “1+6+n” structure, verticalized and flattened.
Equitable management enables specialized institutions to provide specialized services based on the characteristics of technologically creative enterprises. Companies combine the characteristics of different stages of technologically creative enterprises with well-developed systems of product services, such as “risk pool loans” for start-ups, “opt-in loans” for enterprises, “old-out loans” for newly listed enterprises,” and “new three-board take-off loans” for new three-chamber enterprises.
Of these, the company’s “opportunity” business was selected for the top ten cases of financial services in the 2019 Zhejiang, and the brand’s influence was gradually increasing by 18.57%, supporting the granting of bank loans in Hangzhou. Even though increased competition led to a general upturn in the rate of interest on municipal comptoirs’ deposits, the cost of customer deposits was lower than the active liability.
By 2019, 63.66%, which led to a 17bp drop in the cost ratio of interest-bearing debt in 2019, the difference between the average and the industry was narrowed. Hangzhou Bank has taken a number of measures to stabilize the increase in public deposits, and the rapid growth in public deposits has benefited mainly from three factors: one is the fundamental role in financing public funds through public construction projects, and the other is to absorb government deposits, thanks to the pre-existing advantage of the government context.
Increase in the capacity of listed companies to provide services to boost deposits through, inter alia, the financing of customer deposits, the marketing scheme for large-scale debtor deposits
(ii) The current state of affairs, the prospects for the future are wide, the Zhejiang province market space is large (1) the economy is large in the province and the market share of Hangzhou Bank loans rises
Zhejiang province has the fourth highest financial demand among the country’s provinces. In 2015-2019, Zhejiang province registered an average annual compound growth rate of 9.81% and 12.33%, respectively, with larger intra-provincial market space.
The Zhejiang region, outside its territorial cities, has a higher market share for Hangzhou banks than the city comptoirs, and is showing an upward trend from year to year, suggesting that its influence is not limited to the Hangzhou region, but is also more competitive in Zhejiang outside Hangzhou.
Figure 46: Increase in market share of Hangzhou bank lending operations in Zhejiang province Figure 47: Percentage of banks in Hangzhou and Ningpo in Zhejiang province (outside the cities of the territories)
(2) Micro-businesses and high-quality restrictions on the scope of public lending will encourage Hangzhou Bank to continue its internal business, while the company, thanks to its niche micro-business and government background, has a unique advantage in Zhejiang and is expected to increase its market share further in the province.
The Zhejiang economy is well developed, for example, in Hangzhou City, with 610,000 individual businesses and 632,000 private enterprises at the end of 2019. The private economy accounts for 61 per cent of the gdp in Hangzhou and is on the rise from year to year.
By the end of 2019, Hangzhou Bank had 16,580,000 micro-finance line-based clients, representing only 27.18% of the individual business owners in Hangzhou. With a well-developed product system, the company is expected to continue to develop its future micro-finance business well.
As of the end of 2019, corporate lending in the water, environment and public facilities management sector had steadily increased to 12.72% of fixed-asset investment in Zhejiang province, higher than comparable companies.
Capital investment in the facilities management industry will expand further, while Hangzhou Bank’s municipal lending rate in the industry is expected to continue to rise, with greater scope for expansion of high-quality assets. Thanks to the building codes in the province, Hangzhou Bank also has broad scope for public lending for capital projects in other areas.
In 2018, the Zhejiang provincial government issued the “4+1” major project construction plan for 2018-2022, which provides for the construction of 2.95 trillion yuan in major projects over the next five years. In the "4+1" major project implementation plan for 2020, it was proposed that 712 "4+1" major construction projects be scheduled for this year, with a total planned investment of 81.5 billion yuan.
With the release of the government’s infrastructure arrangements, a large number of capital projects are about to land, and the Hangzhou Bank, with its accumulated client base and government background, is expected to have a share of the trillion capital projects.
The overall asset quality of Zhejiang Bank is better than the comparable provincial and national levels. 2020q1 Zhejiang Bank failure rate is only 0.92%, down from the national level of 0.99 pct, with a provision coverage of 405%, higher than the national provision coverage of 222 pct, credit.
Risks are low, and risk offsets are strong, contributing to a robust expansion of corporate lending in Zhejiang. Figure 52: The low rate of non-performing lending in Zhejiang province is expected to improve further the quality of bank assets in Hangzhou, thanks to good policy and improved customer quality and credit structure.
In the case of human loans, the quality of housing loans is usually more stable because of mortgages on property; individual consumer loans are targeted at “paying” high-quality groups with lower credit risk; individual loans are mainly centred on the development of micro-credit and mortgages by individuals with good credit or good-quality housing. Although the epidemic hit small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) at the beginning of the year, the 2020 Government Worker
In the report, it was proposed that the debt service of SME loans be extended until the end of March next year, giving banks a policy-level opportunity to gradually absorb credit risk, and that the risk of individual operating loans be largely manageable. In the case of public loans, the distribution of loans to sectors has continued to improve, and the share of low-risk loans associated with capital projects has increased, contributing to a further decline in the rate of public badness by Hangzhou Bank.
The year’s decline in the ratio of public goods to public goods, mainly in the residential and catering sectors, offsets the improvement in the quality of public loans resulting from the optimization of the loan sector structure, but is expected to have a manageable impact as a result of the mortgage on the household’s mortgage and the active collection and disposal of the Hangzhou Bank. The quality of corporate loan assets is expected to improve further in the future as a result of the liquidation of bad assets.
The company’s fundamentals are good, and future profit growth is accompanied by a solid business base and broad market space. After the implementation of the five-year strategic plan in 2016, on the one hand, the company’s ill-fated burden has been phased out, its poor and concern rates have been reduced, assets have been of good quality, and on the other hand, the company’s performance has been impressive, and net profit returns and returns are growing at a high rate, as will Roe after 2018.
The bottom up, and the expected addition of core-level capital in April 2020, will support further expansion of corporate operations. Hangzhou Bank’s establishment of a diversified profit centre drives growth in performance, private consumer loans are active, micro-business is getting better from bad times, wealth management, corporate lending structures are booming, and public deposits are growing steadily. Hangzhou Bank’s operations are focused on Zhejiang province.
In the long run, large domestic economies, strong financial demand, with hundreds of millions of capital projects to land in the future, and large demand for high-quality loans will provide firms with room for growth in their performance. The value is only about 0.7 times higher, and it has been historically low for almost five years.
However, since interest rates are down and the effects of the epidemic are gradually digesting, it is not a big problem to return to pre-epidemiological levels and then go up to 1.1 times higher. With the push of fundamentals, policies, and funding, the work of restoring the value of the bank’s share has begun. The Hangzhou bank’s performance has been stable in recent years, small retail business has gradually increased, and there are prospects for development.
In the short term, in response to the epidemic, the company will increase its risk clean-up and the pace of profit release is expected to slow, but the consolidation of asset quality will help to achieve rapid growth in the future, with long-term performance expectations remaining optimistic. It is suggested that the company’s real business performance will be judged by changes in indicators such as pre-package profit growth, asset quality, and so on. We conservatively predict a net profit increase in the company’s return from 2020 to 2022.
Figure 54: Hangzhou Bank pb-roe 1, loan interest rate lowers faster to suppress interest differentials; 2, Some bank asset quality fluctuations.
In 2016, he was selected as Bank Number 3 and Bank 5 (Team): Bank Number 4 and Bank Number 4 (Team). The Gold Bull Award was tested in 2016 by the Bank. Experiences related to leasing, private collection, securities, and banking.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.