The profits continue to grow in double digits and the negative rates are low - a detailed reading of Hangzhou Bank's semi-annual report of 2020 28/08/2020
The first half of the year saw a 12.11% increase in net return profits. After the first quarter of the year, net profits grew again at a high rate in double digits, significantly ahead of industry growth.
The first half of the year and the first half of the year, when profits increased by 22.89 per cent and the first half of the year, respectively, saw a significant improvement in the cost of the end of the debt. The first half of the year saw a 1.95 per cent net difference, an increase of 12 bp over the previous year, which was measured to have levelled off the previous quarter.
The first half of the year saw successful completion of fixed increases and sustainable debt issuance. The core-level capital adequacy rate reached 8.64 per cent. The cost of the debt charge dropped by 16bp to 2.47 per cent compared to the previous year as a whole. Corporate corporate liabilities and debt-paying bonds were relatively high, and therefore fully enjoyed the first half of the year.
The lower interest rate on gold is good. Interest-bearing assets in the first half of the year are at 4.40%, down 14bp from last year. This is mainly because of higher corporate financial investment, interest rates fall along the way, affecting asset-end pricing. In the first half of the year, companies have, in due course, increased their low-risk support for public loans, tilted towards capital and real-estate loans, and increased the proportion of high-quality assets.
At the end of the six-month period, the negative rate was 1.24%, the ring was 5bp lower than the reverse market, and the quality of the assets was much better than the industry. The retail bad rate was running low, a slight increase from 4bp to 0.58% at the end of the year.
As we have argued in our semi-annual strategy, small and medium-sized banks have sufficient policy space and operational power to release their profits. In Zhejiang province, where small and small economies are well developed, faster growth in corporate profits also helps companies to address capital constraints, enhance lending capacity, and make the service entities more effective.
1. The Hangzhou Bank (600926), in-depth research by the company: five years of strategic results, promising high performance.
2. Hangzhou Bank (60926): high asset size, - profits continue to grow in double digits, negative rates are low, 1 profits in double digits are growing at a high rate
On August 27, the company released its semi-annual report for 2020. The net return profit for the first half of the year was 12.11% higher than the same year. After the first quarter of this year, the net profit grew again at a high double-digit rate, significantly ahead of the industry.
If the impact of the provision is eliminated, the performance before the provision is even more pronounced. Business income and profit before the provision increased in the first half of the year in comparison to the previous year, with net interest difference rising in the reverse market, respectively, resulting in significant improvements in end-of-debt costs.
The rise was largely due to the rapid expansion of assets in the first half of the year, as well as improvements in the cost of deposits. Companies successfully increased in the first half of the year, raising a total of $7.16 billion, while at the same time successfully issuing a permanent debt of $7 billion. The core-level capital adequacy rate was restored to more than 8.5% of the safe zone at the end of the six months, reaching 8.64%. The cost of interest-bearing liabilities fell by 16bp to 2.47% over the previous year.
Collectively, industry liabilities and debt payables account for 30% of interest-bearing liabilities, thus fully reaping the benefits of falling interest rates on joint funds in the first half of the year. The interest rate on deposits increased by 3 bp to 2.39% over the previous year. The current deposit represented a decline of 3.64 pct to 46.73% compared to the end of the previous year.
The return on interest-bearing assets in the first half of the year was 4.40 per cent, down 14bp from last year. This was mainly due to a comparison of corporate financial investment, which affected the pricing of loans. In retail loans, consumer loans were reduced and housing loans were increased, not to increase by 14.63 per cent and 11.68 per cent from the end of the previous year.
At the end of the six months, the company had a negative rate of 1.24 per cent, a decline of 5bp over the reverse market, which was the lowest ever recorded in the market, and a sharp drop in the quality of assets, from 22bp to 1.61 per cent. Of these, the most affected individual consumer loans, the negative rate increased from 26bp to 0.72 per cent at the end of the previous year.
Figure 4: Hangzhou Bank Non-performing Loan Rates Figure 6: Hangzhou Bank Concern Rates, Non-performing Loan Departures Figure 7: Hangzhou Bank Credit Costs, Non-performing Loan Generation Rates
In Zhejiang Province, where small and small economies are well developed, faster growth in corporate profits will also help companies to address capital constraints and increase lending.
After refinancing this year, the capital “ammunition” was replenished, with assets rising from about 10% in the past to 13.19% by the end of the second half of the year. We looked at the high growth of corporate performance and the scope for strategic transition in large retailing. Figure 9: Hangzhou Bank capital adequacy at all levels
A summary of company financial statement data projections. Experiences related to leasing, private fund-raising, securities, and banking. Previous studies in finance, domestic electricity, and non-ferrous industries. Used to work in the Bank of China, joined in 2019. Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,