Small Commodity City (600415.sh) 2024 Report Review: Precious Master Business Strategic Incubation into Value Release Period Events: Corporate Performance 2024: Income of 15,737 million yuan, an increase of 39.27 per cent, Mothers
Of this, the faster growth in operating income came mainly from new businesses such as market operations, Chinagoods and payments, as well as from the same increase in sales of goods; the net return on repatriation increased by $397 million over 2023, mainly by $1,389 million in market operations and net profit on new business in 2024, with returns on investment increasing by the same amount.
In October of that year, the International Trade and Trade Centre began operating. In 2024, the average number of visitors was 22.43 million, an increase of 12.15 per cent; the average number of vehicles per day was 99,000, an increase of 5.48 per cent; the average number of visitors per day was over 3,900, an increase of 17.22 per cent, and the number of global buyers attracted to the market throughout the year was over 1 million, covering more than 230 countries.
As well as the region, the market’s main passenger flow indicators are nearly 10 years high, and the share of new emerging markets, such as the Middle East, South-East Asia, and Latin America, continues to rise. The Global Digital Trade Center covers five functional modules of markets, business writing buildings, digital brains, apartments, and business neighborhoods, of which the Market Block Main Project, which is now complete.
The strategic incubation operation was gradually entering a value release period, with a series of ai-digit applications released since 2024, when China Small Commodity City data were limited.
Billion dollars, an increase of 102.05% over the same period. Chinagoods builds a unified congress membership system, connects six major business scenes, enhances user stickyness and trade activity. The company raises the level of intellectualization of the platform through the ai technology, with 4.8 million registered buyers of the Chinagoods platform in 2024, using and visiting cumulatively.
More than 1 billion questions were asked, more than 200,000 users accumulated, and 72 per cent of private sector flows grew. 2) Cross-border payment systems were upgraded, and the 2024 pay-as-you-go expectations were higher. Global services networks in more than 160 countries and territories, cumulatively across 23,000 foreign trade firms
Border accounts, more than 37,000 cross-border receipts and payments, with a cumulative volume of transactions exceeding $5 billion.
Deeply advance the branding strategy and continue to expand the global layout of the branding project. 2024 In Beijing, the Golden House A1227 West Avenue in Beijing City City, 23 more overseas projects, including 4 in Los Angeles, Japan, Tokyo, and Madrid, Spain.
Overseas warehouses; five overseas exhibition halls in Moscow, Brazil, São Paulo, Russia; seven overseas exhibitions in Korea, Cambodia, Mexico, more than 300 companies and more than 12,000 square metres; and five online overseas stations in Korea, Russia, Brazil, Viet Nam, Tanzania during the reporting period.
A total of 46 branding projects have been deployed in 20 countries and territories, helping over 5,000 major players to open up international markets and achieve a precise demonstration of 700,000 commodities for overseas buyers. The recruitment process has not progressed as expected, and consumption demand has weakened.
Quaker, Joined the Sindam Chamber of Commerce in March 2023, covering gold jewellery, retail sales, tidal panels, travel catering, gambling, etc. Zhang Honghamin, Master of Arts, University School of Finance, University School of Economics, University of Gangdam, July 2023
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of a securities investment consulting business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.