The main sector is growing robustly, and the logic of accelerated growth in the deepening of the trade and ecology is fulfilled. 08/04/2025 Net profit for mothers is 745 million yuan, +107.17 per cent of the year; net profit for non-mothers is 701 million yuan.
Corporate performance grew robustly in 2024, with income and profits at record highs throughout the year.1 Income end: high growth achieved with combined rehabilitation and new business contributions, with 24q4 performance particularly visible, mainly as a result of the resumption of market operations, accelerated landing of ai applications and cross-border spending
In the year-round income structure, market operations, sale of goods, apparel services and trade uniforms have grown across the board, and emerging panels such as the Chinagoods platform and yiwupay have been consistently released. 2 Profits end: deductible net return to the parent ratio + 21%, performing better than net return to the mother, master
With regard to the Māori rate, the overall Māori ratio has risen to 31.39 per cent per year + 4.89 pct, mainly as a result of market operations.
High price, Māori ratio of digital operations and rising ratio of high Māori operations; good cost control, 2.04 per cent/same-0.09pt; management cost 3.69 persynchronous-Peifán
The main sector is growing steadily, and the reform of market mechanisms has led to a qualitative upgrading of the city’s operations. In 2024, the U.S.C.C.C.T. had an average of 2,243 million visitors per day. +12.15 per cent.
In December 2024, the National Development Reform Commission issued the General Programme for the Deepening of International Trade in the City of Yiu, Zhejiang Province, the only pilot company in the city of Yiu.
The performance of the single pilot unit is expected to continue to improve.
The market is at risk and requires caution.
Capacity to build multi-tier tenant ladders and differentiated service delivery systems. We believe that, with the reform of location and market performance, corporate ownership is expected to sustain steady growth, a steady growth of ownership for new business development, and a gradual realization of new business growth.
Digital trading platforms are becoming more ecologically mature, and i have accelerated commercialization of services and services for saas. The company built the Chinagoods platform, which has been upgraded from a blended trading platform to a business flow, a gold stream, a product.
In 2024, the number of businesses registered with the platform was over 4.8 million, with net profits of between +10.205 and 165 million. The platform built a full-link tool kit covering selected products, receipts, passenger service, follow-up and payment for the ai.
Matrix. The "Digital Bossess" is the platform's first "ai interactive" brand image, drawing attention on the platform, adding more than 19,000 businesses that have used self-research ai products, providing services more than 220,000 times, autonomously developing six numbers of "ai multi-linguistic customer service"
Wording tools significantly improve the efficiency of cross-border transformation of small and medium-sized businesses. We believe that platform data and tool capabilities are slowly settling and will drive companies to build small saas business models that can be replicated in the medium and long term, and are expected to provide additional amounts of income and profits.
Cross-border payments and branding are two-wheel drive to expand the U-U-I influence border. As a licensed cross-border payment platform under the common flag, with a total of over US$ 4 billion in cross-border payments completed in 2024, the platform has built a global service network covering more than 160 countries and territories since the border payment operation.
In 2024, the company also stepped up its branding of the sea ecology, adding 23 more overseas projects with 46 branding projects in 20 countries and territories.
More than 5,000 operators have opened up international markets to achieve a precise demonstration of 700,000 commodities for overseas buyers. The focus is on exploring the model of a storage and distribution centre, with two new centres in Dubai, Viet Nam, and Ho Chi Minh storage and marketing centres in the United Arab Emirates, organizing samples of over 0.9 million skus.
The convergence of payment loops with overseas channels is expected to lead companies to move from a “spill-up” platform to a “trade-plus-service” platform, enabling them to upgrade from regional hubs to a national digital trade investment proposal: firm owners operate well and rent-mechanism reforms continue to release efficiency dividends;
The ability to commercialize the chinagoods platform is gradually being realized, cross-border payments and eco-sustainability are on the rise, and several trading centres are being built to open space for long-term growth. We believe that, as business synergies and the transformation of the platform deepen, performance growth and valuation hub are expected to rise in tandem with expectations.
China-China Stock Exchanges Team: At the heart of basic research, based on industry, global vision comparisons, deep-tracking of the meta-cosm, catering tourism, tax exemptions, medical beauty, jewellery, education, etc., and keeping the art of consumption up-to-date, digging up valuable cattle with an acute sense of smell. Nor will the future be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.