Merchant Retail Performance Bright, Global Digital Trade Center Building Speed Up Small Commodity City (600415.sh) 2024 Report Performance Review
On March 27, 2025, Small Commodities City issued its 2024th annual report. New business such as chinagoods and payment, as well as higher revenues from the sale of commodities on a year-on-year basis and higher net profits from the new business.
The net cash flow generated by the movement was $4,491 million, an increase of 2,646 million, an increase in the continued prosperity of the international trading and trading malls in the U.S. and the full speed of the construction of the global digital trading centres.
With 99,000 traffic runs, an increase of 5.48 per cent over the same year; foreign business visits exceeded 3,900 per day, an increase of 17.22 per cent over the same year, and global buyers attracted more than a million markets throughout the year, covering more than 230 countries and regions, with market major traffic indicators reaching nearly a decade high.
The share of procurement in emerging markets such as the Middle East, South-East Asia, and Latin America has continued to rise. The global DCM project covers five functional modules: markets, business writing buildings, digital brains, apartments, and business blocks, which combines a number of links up and down in the small commodity industry chain to form new numbers.
The word-trading biosphere, the global digital trading centre in 2024, the full speed of construction, the market block, the industrial layout of which was completed and planned to open in October 2025; the commercial writing complex, 3-7, which first appeared in November 2024, and which was sold out as a result of a wave of openings; and large numbers.
(a) The brain completes the basic architecture and is designed to be a data trading centre for global trade in small commodities, a number of trade scene display centres and a new product distribution centre, which is scheduled to be operational in April 2026;
The company uses artificial intelligence to create content (aigc) for small commodity trading applications, covering commodity displays, trades, etc.
The image of a “digital boss” created by the owner of an enabling entity has become known as ip, and has been recognized as a representative case of the transformation of the new economy.
For more than 220,000 services, six digital tools, such as "Intelligent Commodity Recommendations" and "Ai Multilingual Services" , have been developed autonomously.
Assistant, Small Businessi Design, ai Independence Station, Small Businessai Business Cards and Small Businessai Visualization, etc., cumulatively more than 1 billion use and visits, cumulatively more than 200,000 users, private business year, Yin China Small Commodity City Big Data Company Ltd. (owner of Chinagoods platform)
The company is committed to building a shared trade service platform for small and medium-sized enterprises across the globe, anchoring “globally renowned international trade.”
Integrated Service Providers' Strategic Positioning, which continuously enriches and perfects the three main ecosystems (commodity demonstration ecology, trade-in-service ecology, trade-in-service ecology) as a means of reducing trade costs, shortening the trade chain, improving trade efficiency, and continuing to generate value for small commodity flows,
To strengthen and consolidate the dominance of our daily consumer supply chain in global trade, to service the new domestic and international dual-cycle development landscape. As a world-renowned small-commodity trading centre with its large market turnover and a wide range of commodities, U.S.C.I.C.T. continues.
Prospective earnings and investment ratings: We value the company's mission to build a globally recognized international trade integrated service provider, focusing on real market improvements, upgrading trade services, digital production.
We give companies an “enhanced” rating, and expectations, tariff and trade friction risks, and increased competition.
This report is prepared without the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. In projecting the evolution of the securities variety or making recommendations on the feasibility of investment securities, I have made the required disclosure and, to the extent I know it, the company, and the stakeholders in the property have no interest in the securities that have been evaluated or recommended.