The company's top-heavy and strategic position remains the same on 30th of June, 2025, with continued top-down focus of support.
▪ Events: On 27 June, the Board of Trustees received a written resignation report from Mr. Wang Tong, who resigned as Chairman of the Board, Director, Board of Directors and Director of the Esg Committee for organizational reasons. After his resignation, Mr. Wang Dung will no longer be a member of the Board of Directors.
▪ Former chairman of the company or other important duties, new chairman or member of the Business Town Group, continuing the management gene of “knowing the market, doing good business”: according to the Securities Times: this job adjustment is organized as a platoon, and Wang Dung will be transferred to head of the Commerce Bureau of the City of Yeu, completing the line of business running from business to government governance
At present, Mr. Chen Dejin, Chairman of the U.S. State Capital Management Department, has been recommended as a candidate for President of Small Commodities City. Mr. Chen De Jin worked for 10 years in the Business Towns Group to make full use of the State Enterprise during his tenure as Chairman of the U.S.I.
Reverse-cyclical regulation promotes the pooling of high-quality resources of State enterprises to high-quality companies. We look forward to the organization of the people, and the fast pace of trade reform in the U.S. and small commodity cities continues to grow.
One billion yuan, or 23.7 per cent; 37,820 million yuan, or 23.9 per cent; over 250,000 foreign nationals. Small Commodity City (600,415): several trading centres jewellery 12.5 per cent. Imports and exports in May increased at a higher rate than in January-April.
The new market is on the move, and the toy market, the toy market, and the toy market are starting: the company’s global digital trading centre (the city block), the toy market has opened and is registered from 29 June to 6 July. The toy market is about surprise toys (blind boxes, etc.), depressure toys, technology toys (3d print).
Small Commodities City (600415): 2025 Quarterly newspaper, et cetera, second dollar culture and ip derivative toys, etc.; skin protection and the medical market are related to skin-dressing makeup, perfumed flavours, medical beauty (portfolios, symbols) etc.
Industry, rental base price is 2000 yuan per square metre/year, platform service cost is 8,000 yuan/interval/year.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we believe that the change of directors in companies will not affect the strategic position of YU and SUM as export hubs for non-American countries, future trade reforms and small commodities in the country
The city’s business transformation will continue to progress. We maintain the company’s net return profit forecast for 2025-27.