Small Commodity City (600415.sh) 2025q1 rating: performance is consistent with expectations, with limited impact from United States customs duties: company release of 2025q1 performance, yielding revenue of $3.61 billion, equal to 17.93 per cent, parentage
Net cash flow from operating activities — 278 million yuan, or $180 million from 24q1. Of this amount, 25q1 net net profit net of investment income is 744 million yuan, or 13 per cent, with firm growth in company-owned operations; 25q1 net cash flow is negative, and we expect to be mainly market operating rents and service charges.
The Global Digital Trade Center is scheduled to open in October 2025, and is expected to generate a major increase in the company’s main business in 2025. The market segment of the Global Digital Trade Centre is on four levels, and it is currently on one to three levels.
The forecast for the period as a whole is far higher than the number of places, and work is currently proceeding in an orderly manner and will be officially operational by October of this year. The US customs duties have had limited impact on companies’ operations along the “reshock” route.
Total imports and exports amounted to 66,893 million yuan, or 18.2 per cent more, of which exports amounted to 588,960 million yuan, or 17.7 per cent more. In terms of trade regions, the City of Utah in 2024 allocated 1,220.9, 1,116,7, 64.05 billion yuan, or 16.4 per cent, 24.4 per cent, respectively, to Africa, Latin America and ASEAN.
26.2 per cent combined imports and exports to a “one-way” country together amount to $413,340 million, or 18.2 per cent, representing 61.8 per cent of the total value of imports and exports to and from the city of Uu during the same period. The contribution of market procurement exports was prominent, with the export of 471,760 million yuan, or 21.5 per cent of the total export value of the city of Uu through market procurement and trade.
80.1% of the value is being transferred from China’s solar consumer trade hub to a regional integrated trade hub covering the region’s full-scale economic partnership agreement (rcep). Strategic incubation operations are gradually entering a value release period, with the sum of Chinagoods+ payments in 2024.
Net profits are now over 200 million yuan, with a sustained increase in performance expected in 2025. 1) Chinagoods plus, in the year, U-China Small Commodity City Large Data Company Ltd. (the main operator of the Chinagoods platform) achieved a revenue of 341 million yuan and a net operating profit of 165 million yuan, an increase of 102.05 per cent.
Building a unified assembly system, connecting six major business scenes and increasing user stickyness and trading activity.
In 2024, over $4 billion was paid in cross-border receipts, and in Beijing, the Golden House No. 127, Beijing West and West Avenue.
With a target of $1 billion for 2023, the firm’s target of $1.2 billion a year was actually completed in February, and we believe that we are on track to achieve an excess growth this year. The pace of business acquisition has fallen short of expectations, and consumption demand has weakened.
Quaker, Joined the Sindam Chamber of Commerce in March 2023, covering gold jewellery, retail sales, tidal panels, travel catering, gambling, etc. Zhang Honghamin, Master of Arts, University School of Finance, University School of Economics, University of Gangdam, July 2023
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of a securities investment consulting business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.