"Six Zone" offers out of expectations, the second growth pole in cross-border finance formation, 24/06/2025: 17/06, the jewellery industry at the company's global digital trading centre completed the offer.
On 18th of the month, Zhejiang Jingjiang Digital Co. Ltd. (the “Early Payment” parent company) was to set up the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of China's wholly-owned offshore subsidiary, Jing Jing Hong Kong Co. Ltd.; and a fully-owned subsidiary of Jing Hong Kong Co. Ltd.
The investment will help the company to build a better one-stop financial service.
According to customs data, the U-turn exports for January-May 2025 were the same as +21.9%, with exports increasing and commercial interest reflecting the continuation of the market landscape.
Exports of 46.770 billion yuan, 42.98 billion yuan and 27.860 billion yuan, respectively, grew by 16.4 per cent, 34.1 per cent, registered more than 4400 people, cleared about 2,000 households, showing the scarcity of high-quality positions in six districts and the attractiveness of the industry.
The first phase of the 3,800 businesses officially entered the phase of commercial sprinting, and the opening of Sector 6 is expected to begin in October 2025, focusing on the low-altitude economy, jewellery, mothers and children, and the emerging industries of tidal games, which are expected to lead to a substantial increase in rent prices for companies.
There is much room for increasing cross-border financial landings and payments. As a licensed cross-border payment platform under the corporate flag, the total of cross-border payments was over $4 billion in 2024, compared to Bae Yván.
Since the beginning of its operations, the platform has built a global service network covering more than 160 countries and territories, and has been able to effectively enhance the profitability of Middle East markets by bringing the renminbi and dirhams to the first direct settlement in the country. Meanwhile, the company is going to set up a “Hong Kong Express Limited” in Hong Kong and apply for tcsp.
Guo Xingwei's license plate actively promotes offshore expansion. Hong Kong continues to advance in the regulatory framework for the stabilization of the currency.
Make it possible to accelerate the integration of financial and technological capabilities and enhance the service dimension and expansionability of the payment system, drawing on the advantages of the real trade scene.
Cooperation in the area of cross-border settlement of the renminbi and currency bridge operations, and the capacity of the company ' s cross-border payment system is gradually improving, with the prospect of opening the second growth curve in cross-border finance.
The company's system of “digital old”ai tools has been widely available in the U.S. market, and the Chenagoods platform has been operating since 2023.
High profit growth in the main industry and renewed dynamism in cross-border operations - since October of this year, a series of ai digital applications have been released, with a cumulative number of uses and visits exceeding 1 billion, cumulative number of users exceeding 200,000, private sector activity increasing by 72 per cent and depth
Use of user orders to increase by more than 20%. The ai function covers a number of components, such as product recommendation, customer translation, visual design, and significantly improves business line efficiency.
Easily connected links, platform data show that business video productions have decreased by 90 per cent with the use of DeepSeek, multi-language response accuracy has risen to 98 per cent, international trade disputes have declined 40 per cent, and companies have actively integrated large model capabilities into enabling supply chains and private business area flows.
Investment proposal: The company, as the core operator of the small-scale trading system in the U-turn, has a stable master lease, with over-expected performance in sector six, and is expected to lead to full rental value in 2025.
In the area of cross-border financial services, payments are fast-tracked and are expected to benefit from policy benefits and stability. The Chinese securities service team: based at the heart of basic research, based on the frontier of industry, global vision comparisons, deep-tracking of industries such as meta-cosmism, catering tourism, tax exemption, medical beauty, jewellery, education, state-of-the-art consumption trends, and deep-sniffing of valuable cattle.
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
A person or a resident. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese security unless otherwise indicated.