The 24-year review of Small Commodity City (600415):
q4 recorded a high performance in 24 years: the company q4 earned $5,124 million, an increase of 51 per cent in the same year; after the return on investment, net profit on the main business was $727 million, an increase of 94 per cent in the same year.cg (chinagoods) new products from the electric platformai provide technical support for the sustained growth of the company ' s income:
Platform 24 has generated $340 million throughout the year, operating a profit of $16.5 billion, an increase of 102% over the same year, and registered users of up to 4.8 million. As an integrated service platform, new functions such as “digital bosswomen” and shop assistants have helped the platform to enhance user stickyness, increase user depth and increase the total number of orders.
Payment services help small commodity cities build a full-chain digital financial ecology: since the start of the new business, payment for cross-border settlements, exchange rate risk avoidance, trade finance, etc., has been well developed, based on the large volume of foreign trade needs of small commodity cities. As an important component of corporate strategic incubation, payment has contributed to the development of Uewe.
Trade ecology, with a target of $6 billion set in 2025, provides policy support for the further development of the small commodity city based on the Uu market: import operations will become a new growth point for corporate profits.
The General Programme for the Integrated Reform of International Trade, which promotes the introduction of consumer goods for daily imports in the U.S., the strengthening of the domestic and foreign trade hub, the platform's economies of scale, both positive inventory management and parallel imports of domestic electricity, are expected to be phased in in the future, including cosmetics and health products.
A 24q3 rating: a high volume of yiwupay transactions overall
According to the bright spots (2024/10/16), which represent an increase of 18.2 per cent, export destinations cover a number of countries along the “one-way” route, with a cumulative amount of trade reaching 24h1 points: sound performance leading the trade field.
A total of 413.3 billion yuan, or 61.8 per cent of the foreign trade volume of the U.S., is expected to sustain a rapid increase in income and profits in the context of technical support and policy, as the only pilot of the first import trade reforms (2024/8/21).
The Yearly Report 2023 and the Quarterly Reporter 2024 continue to grow in business, and the second curve is getting better on the line.
In our view, the company’s focus on small markets, based on policy support and digital technology, opens up large markets to speed up the expansion of new business demand (2024/1/30). In the short run, the company’s performance maintains a positive trend, with profits.
Looking forward to sustained growth; in the long term, the cg platform, payout, will continue to increase penetration rates, contributing to greater elasticity1 and instability in international foreign trade;2 and progress in new corporate operations will slow.