(b) The proposed establishment of Hong Kong City, 19 June 2025 – 17 June, the new market in Small Commodities City - the Global Digital Centre completed the recruitment of the jewellery industry:
The fashion jewellery industry in the market section of the global digital trading centre is located on the first floor of the m2, with 389 offers in total, with a single-room area of about 30 m2 and a total area of about 12,000 m2 (about 7 per cent of the total market area of the market section of the global digital trading centre). The median figure for the final bid is 118,000.
The dollar/square meter is about 2.4 times the base price of 50,000 dollars; we calculate that the offer will contribute 1.4 billion dollars to the price of the spot. The market in the U.S. market is more favourable, and the enthusiasm for business owners to take the seat is high.  We expect the company to continue renting other market blocks in the future.
These positions will generate a base rental income of 2000 yuan per square metre per year (the price of rents such as the floors is adjusted), as well as a fee of 8,000 yuan per inter-year for platform services, which is expected to increase the company’s future performance.
• To establish a Hong Kong wholly-owned subsidiary to explore diversification of payment operations: the company plans to invest abroad to establish a fully-owned subsidiary in the East as the applicant for a Hong Kong tcsp licence.
(yiwupay) Cross-border financial services capacity. Payment can provide both parties to cross-border trade with financial hosting and guarantee payment services, address transactional trust pain points, and, at the same time, combine the cross-border payment base with customized wealth management and financial solutions for customer design in demand.
The company actively applied for Hong Kong’s steady currency license plate: “We welcome and support the positive developments in Hong Kong’s regulatory framework for the stabilization of the currency, and the corporate cross-border payment platform ‘Ends’ under the banner of the company, based on the company’s interaction.
Pay '(yiwupay) will keep an eye on the relevant regulatory process and will actively assess and submit applications as soon as the company operates the world's largest trade in small commodities after clear regulations and a clear path to small commodities city (600415);
Performance rating: Deduction of non-net profits + 15%, focus on the second half of the market, trade with more than 230 countries and territories, with a “one-way” country with a relatively high share of trade, natural large-scale, high-frequency cross-border trade settlements. Stable currency, etc.
Innovative payment instruments have the potential to provide global customers, especially MSMEs, with more efficient and low-cost cross-border payment solutions.
▪ On June 18, shareholders in the holding bid met to achieve a 200 million dollar increase: the stock holding in the city was based on an evaluation of the company's performance: the profit boom in the main industry, confidence in the future prospects of trade and recognition of the value of long-term investments, with 12 planned to start on April 9th.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the company ' s net return profit forecast for 2025-27 as certainty: uncertainty about new business developments such as follow-up on new market offers and payout.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.