• An incident evaluation report by the Bank of China (6088.sh) company, iuoyf2@cfsc.com.cn, with an increase in the rate of revenue growth and a fall in the rate of income tax
The company ' s revenue of 25q1 was increased by 1.4 pcc over 24a by the same year +2.6 per cent; the net return profit was increased by the same year +2.9 per cent; and the profit growth rate slowed by 5.5 pct over 24a. The main contributing factor was the increase in income tax rates, which affected the profit growth rate, which was effective at 25q1.
Up to 20 per cent, an increase of 3.5 pct over the same year. 25q1 total assets grew by 6.9 to 36 trillion yuan over the same year, at a rate of 11bp to 1.29 per cent below the 24a fall in the interest differential ratio of 25q1, mainly due to asset end-of-end earnings
An asset yield ratio drop of 0.3 pct to 3.1% is influenced by the downside of the lending interest rate industry, ipr ' s heavy pricing. 25q1 estimate the lower cost of the liability ratio.
25q1 Non-interest income +18.9 per cent (up by 3 pct over 24a) of the same year, in which the macroeconomic environment fluctuates, interest differential pressure rises, and adverse accelerated exposure.
After a bachelor’s degree in economics, a master’s degree, a doctor’s degree, and a doctor’s degree in political science at the Central College of the Chinese Communist Party. He was first in the Chinese Economic Year’s Forecast of the National Cup.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for not having, for not having done so, or for not having done so, nor for having submitted specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.