In addition to their personal activities, the institutions and their combined power have been brought to the top: the annual report for 2020 was published by Taijun, which generated $35.2 billion in 2020, compared to 601211.
Leverage drives profitability and a unique business architecture is efficient. At the beginning of the year, the company acquired and regulated \triangleright pilot capital, and the risk capital readiness calculation factor was reduced from 0.7 to 0.5, increasing corporate leverage.
Create sufficient space for companies to de-leverage their client bonds during the year, from 3.32 in 2019. The company's business structure differs from that of other bonds, setting institutions as demand-driven, building machinery, building four main lines of operations: finance, personal finance, investment management and international operations, with institutional funds.
The melting block covers investment banks, institutional brokers, investment transactions, stock pledges and research coverage agencies The full range of client comprehensive services throughout the life cycle, with the core functions of the line of operations highlighted. The financial and personal financial sector market share has increased significantly during the year, with the unique business architecture synergizing.
In the course of the year, the company promoted the restructuring of the Ministry of Investment, optimized its operating mechanisms, enhanced synergies, adequate project reserves, significantly increased the size of its contribution, and the net revenue from the current operating fee was $3.735 billion, or +44 per cent, higher than the industry average.
The number rose from 6th to 4th place in 2019, with the ipo 22 item, the principal amount of proceeds, and the industry ranking from 4th to 3rd place.
Large growth in the size of the primary, pb and asset hosting and outsourcing service platform of the chain owners 2.5 trillion yuan, or +105 per cent, of transactions in the pb trading system, and acquisition of public-private fundraising, bank finance and overseas institutions for corporate financial science and technology, professional operating services and compliance control capabilities
As of the end of 2020, there were 11908 hosting and outsourcing products of all types, i.e. +41.5 per cent of the year, $186.4.9 billion, compared with +65.7 per cent at the end of the previous year, $10.86 billion in trust and public-private fund-raising, and Sunda Securities Inc.
Itd is a fast-growing off-site derivative business, with high equity and a breakthrough in cross-border derivatives.
The creation of “excellent dealers in financial assets”, which was the first to propose and insist on low-risk, non-negative investments, the rapid growth of companies in 2018 when they acquired the first level of trading qualifications in off-site options, and the growing variety of products, leading the risk management industry, which is dominated by demand.
The additional size of the off-site derivatives business was $42.58 billion, a year-on-year increase of +125.9 per cent, and the impact of market volatility on self-investment operations. Of this, the nominal principal balance of off-site derivatives in the equity category was $77.28 billion, compared to 20.2 per cent, with a breakthrough in cross-border derivatives, with cumulative additions throughout the year.
Technology supports the transformation of wealth management and leads the industry on-line. Corporate brokering has a leading advantage, with a 5.77% market share of revenue from broker trading securities, and continues to rank first in the industry.
First, the average net commission rate of the company is almost 4.11 per 10,000, with a premium on average for the industry. At the end of the reporting period, the company had 418 business units in the country, with a network of channels concentrated in areas where Jiang Jian and Guangdong are active, with high-quality customer reserves better than their counterparts, and underline business is a service wealth management department.
In March of this year, the company obtained the first voucher fund to invest in license plates, and in July, the sub-fund to invest in products.
In the case of credit operations, the size and quality of the pledge has been reduced for three consecutive years, and stock stocks have been reduced for the end of the reporting period.
With the new regulations, the company focuses on proactive management, optimizing the product structure, and completing two large pools in 2019.
After the publicization of the product, three more were completed in 2020, leading the way in the pooling of public goods. By the end of 2020, the State had managed the assets of $5.258 billion, and the targeted funds had fallen to nearly 200 billion, with the overall size of the capital coming down.
I managed a small monthly decrease of 13.8% to $361.9 billion, keeping the industry second, but equity incentives strengthened the company’s long-term core competitiveness. The first award of a restricted stock was completed on September 17, 2020, with 440 incentives of $79.3 million, representing total equity.
The indicators are balanced by size and efficiency, with net profit, roe, financial science and technology inputs and wind control as the key points. The creation of long-term incentives would have a clear positive effect on retention and attracting external talent, and would tie core employee interests to the firm’s long-term development prospects.
Investment proposals: the firm ' s customer base is large, the online channel is better than the industry, the strength, the wind \triangleright \triangleright
Lead industries, such as risk management and pricing capacity, with strong combinations of power as front-runners, will be the full beneficiaries of capital market deepening reforms, currently valued at 1.17 times pb, in history \triangleright
Figure 7: Corporate agency sales of securities commissions with a higher premium than industry, Master ' s degree in international finance, Graduated from the University of Duren Enterprises, United Kingdom, as Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Department, Yonghai Leasing Business
The Ministry ' s General Manager, who was employed in the Sino-Kinjia Portfolio, China-Changan Portfolio, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, with a Master ' s degree in non-banking finance, graduated from the University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, and worked in Taiwan ' s Fu State Securities and Silver Securities, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector.
Wang Jing, a graduate in finance from Boston University in the United States, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, and has not been, or will not be, involved in the non-banking financial sector, nor will it be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.