The non-ferrous metal industry (002460) performed as expected, and the loss of fair value held up the company's performance at the South-West Securities Research Development Centre.
• Summary of performance: the company achieved operating income of $4.21 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 17 per cent in the same year; net profit of $329 million, a decrease of 66 per cent in the same year; net profit of $584 million, a non-recurrent gain or gain of $255 million, mainly financial assets held by the company (Lithium Western Australia mine)
The company’s profits are affected by the loss of fair value as a result of the fall in share prices of pilbara. The continued fall in lithium salt prices also has a negative impact on company performance. The price of battery-grade lithium carbonate q3 is 66,000 yen per ton, the ring has fallen by 15%, and the price of battery-grade lithium hydroxide q3 is lower.
For 75,000 yuan/tonne, the ring has fallen by 19 per cent; the industry as a whole is still in the bottom-up phase, and the continuing decline in lithium carbonate, hydrogen oxide and lithium prices have also had a direct impact on corporate profits, with the company q3-quarter Māori rate of 21.5 per cent and the ring-q2-quarter decline by 7 percentage points.
As of the third quarter of 2019, the Dutch subsidiary holds 50% of the share in the meeraexar and helps to promote the development of investment in the Argentine cauchari-olaroz lithium salt lake project, which will be held by the company or Shanghai.
No more than 29.99% of the shares and no more than 22.5% of the shares of the Mexican Lithium clay project company, Sonora, actively explore the core mix of lithium-rich resources. The company produces 20,000 tons of lithium per year and 50,000 tons of lithium per battery-grade lithium per year.
Corporate profile: The global lithium resource giant completed a stock listing in Hong Kong in October of that year. The company is the third largest producer of lithium compounds in the world and China, and the largest producer of lithium metal in the world. It has the production capacity of more than five major groups of lithium compounds and lithium metal products.
Figure 1: Corporate development history. Main business structure of companies: Annual Report 2018 data shows that company revenues are mainly derived from lithium-series products, lithium-series products.
The sales of lithium batteries, cores and their formulations account for 7.5 per cent of the operating income. The Māori rate is 8.3 per cent, and the main business Māori rate has declined, as lithium prices have continued to decline, with the Māori rate for lithium series falling to 28.85 per cent in the first half of 2019, a decline in the same year.
The company has established the most complete lithium industry value chain in the world, covering important sections of the lithium industry up and down (referred to as “the pole ecosystems”), including (1) upstream lithium resource extraction: (2) deep processing of lithium compounds: (3) lithium metal production: (4) lithium battery production: (5) lithium secondary utilization and recycling.
Corporate performance: company annual report data show that in 2018 the company earned $5 billion, an increase of 14 per cent, down from 160,000 yuan/tonne at the beginning of the year, down to 80,000 yuan/tonne/tonne in the fourth quarter of 1818.
A 19 percentage point decline over the same period; the second is that the company ' s fair value loss, which has delayed its performance and is affected by the volatility of the equity of the company ' s Pilbara, has affected the company ' s profits by a net gain of 119 million yuan in fair value changes in the first half of 1919. Some of the financial assets (Lithium West mine Pilbara) stock prices have fallen, resulting in a loss of fair value affecting the company
Profit, coupled with a continuing decline in the price of lithium salt, also has a negative impact on company performance. The price of lithium battery-grade carbonate q for the first quarter was $66,000 per ton, a 15 per cent decline in the ring comparison, and the price of lithium q hydroxide for the third quarter of battery-grade was $75,000 per ton, assuming import prices for lithium concentrate for 2019-2021 were $600, 550 and 550 per ton, respectively.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.