• Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance)
The equity transfer will not result in a change in the equity holding, actual control, from 61.5% to 51.5%, aoc to 10% plus one. At the same time, Pyrochemical signed the Strategic Cooperation Agreement with Saudi Amé.
(a) The conclusion of certain final agreements, including: 1) the amount of the Saudi Arabian-American supply commitment to petrochemicals of 480,000 barrels of Arab crude oil per day (the 20-year period of the agreement, which could be extended for a subsequent five-year period), based on open crude oil market indicators;
ii) Guarantee agreement of the Pronomist Company: 3) Saudi A.A.A. supplies no more than 80,000 barrels of petrochemical oil per year through ats; 4) Saudi A.A.A. supplies petrochemical cerebral oils, mixed benzenes, direct distillation fuel, etc. through ats
(b) Precious petrochemicals supply 800,000 tons of chemicals such as polyolefins per year to Saudi Arabians, subject to appropriate export authorizations, licences, quotas and exemptions;
6. Precious petrochemicals supply 300,000 tons of chemical products and 15,000 barrels/day refined products per year to Shat'Ammy, subject to applicable export authorizations, permits, quotas and exemptions; 7) Precious petrochemicals provide 3 million cubic metres of oil storage tanks and related facilities, while Saudi Arabia's Amébo
The minimum stock level of 1.5 million tons, agreed for a period of five years; 8) Saudi Arabian-American technology and intellectual property rights, including, but not limited to, those in the refining and petrochemical industries, and joint development and diffusion of new technologies, regular exchange of technology, etc.
Saudi Arabia is one of the largest integrated energy and chemical companies in the world, mainly involved in oil exploration, development, production, refining, transport and marketing. It is now the largest oil in the world.
Production companies and the world’s sixth largest oil refinery have the world’s largest land and offshore oil fields. In 2022, Saudi Arabia and America earned $30.51 billion in operating earnings, $161.1 billion in net profits and $444.3 billion in net assets.
As the first oil company and as a long-term stable oil purchasing partner, Saudi Arabia’s A.A.S.A. and subsequent packages of purchases, stock management, etc.
The agreement with Saudi Arabia’s Ameris on polyethylene, polypropylene, and other chemical products further broadens the distribution channels for the glorified petrochemicals overseas, and the global sale guarantees stability in the company’s supply chain.
Remedial, resource-sharing, etc., provides the basis for further cooperation in other areas. • High premium acquisitions of equity, refining of assets is expected to be revalued.
The recognition and further enhancement of the international position of industrial enterprises is expected to boost market confidence in refining enterprises, and we believe that market value for petrochemicals and other private refining assets is expected to be revalued. (1) The risks associated with fluctuations in the prices of raw materials and major products;
(ii) Risks to safe production: (3) environmental protection risks; (4) the project is not proceeding as fast as expected;
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.