We're going to launch a series of commercial cooperation agreements with Saudi Arabia, and we're going to launch a review of the events of 28 March 2023.
On 27 March, the company issued an announcement introducing strategic investors and signing a strategic cooperation agreement, in which aoc, a fully-owned subsidiary of Saudi Arabia and the United States, as a partner, signed a " share buying and selling agreement " for 1,012,552,501 shares (10 per cent of the company ' s total share capital) of the company held by the company.
The company and its subsidiaries signed a series of commercial cooperation agreements under the Strategic Cooperation Agreement with the Saudi Arabian and/or its affiliates at the same time.
This year, the country’s economy is expected to recover gradually, and the price differentials and profits of the company’s products will be transformed into a series of commercial cooperation agreements. Saudi Arabia is mainly engaged in oil exploration.
The exploration, development, production, refining, transport and sale operations were traded in 2019 in Saudi securities at 1.88 trillion United States dollars ($) in roe (ttm); aoc is the Saudi Arabian-American wholly-owned subsidiary.
The December minimum price is the company’s largest supplier of crude oil.
Agreements such as the Chemical Framework Agreement, the Framework Agreement on Refinement and Chemical Products, the Crude Oil Storage Framework Agreement, the Technology Sharing Framework Agreement, etc. Cooperation facilitates companies ' access to a stable supply of crude oil and expands the channels through which chemical products are sold.
With this strategic cooperation, companies and subsidiaries will further consolidate their partnership with Saudi Arabia’s existing crude oil procurement operations, obtaining long-term stability of crude oil, and so on.
The supply of chemical raw materials is also expected to further expand the company’s overseas distribution channels for chemical products, guaranteeing the stability of the petrochemical industrial chain. In addition, Saudi Amé was introduced to the company in the fields of oil refining, petrochemicals, etc., through the signing of strategic cooperation agreements and a framework agreement on technology sharing under the agreement.
The company is one of the leading companies in China’s combined power in the petrochemical industry, and its subsidiary, zerochemicals, is the largest single-body refinery in the world. This time, Saudi Amé’s high-priced equity company shows the right.
Recognition of the value of corporate assets, and cooperation between the two sides will facilitate the complementarity of resources, channels, and technological advantages. The recovery will not match the expected risks; the persistent weakening of economic demand in Europe and the United States will lead to less than expected export risks; the high risk of material prices; increased risks from industrial competition; and the onset of force majeure, such as natural and man-made disasters.
“Positive” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not regulated by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report and have not used the publication.