Pulmonary petrochemicals (002493.sz)
On 30 January 2023, the company disclosed its annual performance forecast, which is expected to be achieved throughout the year with a net return of crude oil, lower product prices leading to stock loss, short-term pressure on end demand, poor price spreads, narrow product prices: q4 in 2022, the company's primary raw materials were originally oiled
1. Short-term Performance Pressure, Long-Term Growth Adequate! - Tri-Emergence Pulse Reporting Point - Decline of the ring relative to the drop in the sale price of the end product resulting in loss of stock.
In the short term, the demand for the end of the company's products is limited by the impact of the situation on the economy as a whole.
The adverse effects of fluctuations in raw materials have led to a narrow price spread for corporate products and a decline in the Māori rate.3 The Decreasing Profit Rates have put a significant strain on overall performance as a result of the Integrated Platform for Sustained Growth!
The process of refining the depths project has progressed steadily, and the increased value added of the product is expected to contribute to the growth trend: the new launch of the 400,000-ton-abs-a-year plant, built at the Green Fossil Base in the Ark Hills, has been successful and has now successfully produced qualified products.
The phytochemical installations project, the high-performance resin project, and the high-end new materials project are steadily moving forward, with high-end products, such as photovoltaiceva, dmc, pmma, abs, α-vinyl hydrocarbons, poe polyolefin elastomers, nmp, among others, expected to increase product attachments.
With the domestic economic recovery process, demand for end-products is expected to recover, thus contributing to a gradual recovery in industry. The company’s long-chain of industries is either processing advantages or will help to stretch the terminal.
We look at the elasticity of performance associated with warmer demand and the deep processing of new energy materials from companies.
Considering the impact on the end product - the former oil price, which is very low - in the course of the project’s gradual implementation. At this early stage of economic recovery, we have reduced the company’s profit forecast for 2023, with the risk of large single-way fluctuations in crude oil prices: 2. Serious demand for the end: 3.
6. Other force majeure effects; 1. Loss of stock due to lower prices for crude oil and products, short-term pressure on end demand, and transmission of price fluctuations
The company disclosed its annual performance forecast on 30 January 2023, with a projected net return profit for the entire year q4 in 2022, with a 6.41 per cent decline in the price of the company's main raw materials and a 6.41 per cent drop in the price of the company's final product sales ring throughout 2022, with a short-term demand for the company's products due to the epidemic and the overall economic situation.
Pressure has led to a narrow spread in product prices to address the historical monthly lows, a decline in the Maori rate and a net profit burden. Throughout 2022, the historical percentage of price differentials for Pyrochemical products declined significantly from 2021 to 13.56 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2022, and the weighted price spreads for Pyrochemical products were reduced from 13.56 per cent throughout the year.