Pulse petrochemicals (002493) Pulse petrochemicals project continues downstream, with high-end new materials performing well on 16 February 2023
Keywords: #Current Reverse# Second Curve The hedging operation reduces the risk of fluctuations in raw material costs, while obtaining various types of government subsidies, cost reliefs, which have a greater impact on non-recurrent gains and losses.
• Performance pressure, product price differentials & stock backlog: with respect to product price differentials, the sharp spread of crude oil prices has led to a significant increase in the cost of raw materials for companies, a reduction in product price differentials and an impact on profit margins. With regard to stock of products, the dollar interest hike has triggered a decline in overseas demand, adding up domestic contagion affecting the movement of goods
Losses and sales, while downstream demand has not yet been fully repaired, in 2022 polyesters long wires, the demand for ligatures gradually warmed back, and the profit from elevate is expected to improve: domestic: as the new crown epidemic improves, the demand for residential travel and consumption will be released quickly, and domestic longline needs will be met or the opportunity to reverse at the bottom will be met.
Overseas: The pressure on shipping costs has been reduced significantly, and the recovery of overseas demand will be accompanied by a recovery in the future. End demand is expected to warm, stock pressure is reduced, and company performance will rebound, and it is hoped that there will be a loss.
• Launch of the 400,000 tonnes abs project in Phase II, with subsequent capacity expected to be in the forefront of the industry: 51% ZP project in corporate holdings, 40 million tonnes abs unit per year in Phase II project at Green Fossil Base in Arksan is steadily moving forward, and the large-scale production line has recently been successfully put into production and has been combined
Upon completion of the high-performance resin project, the company will add 1.2 million tons of annual production abs devices to become part of a large-smelting lead business to enhance the competitiveness of the company. ▪ Extension of new downstream high-end materials, “reduced oil” to increase the value added of the product: based on oil and chemistry
During the 14th Five-Year Planning Guide for the petrochemical industry, China will continue to promote the “reducing oil” of refineries. The company currently has three downstream extension projects in the construction phase: 1)1.4 million tons of ethylene and downstream chemical installations (second phase of the engineering product structure)
The project includes the construction of 1.4 million tonnes of ethylene/year, 300,000 tonnes/year of acetic acid, 27.6 million tonnes/year po/sm, 400,000 tonnes/year abs, etc. The project can produce raw materials such as ethylene, acetylene and butadiene for high-end new materials, while reducing the harvest rate of finished oils and achieving an increase in refined oils.
) High-end New Materials Project. The project will exploit the associated 40 million tonnes/year refining integration project. It will create 4 million tonnes/year catalytic fission units, 350,000 tonnes/year \alpha-Fryers, 2 x 200,000 tonnes/year Poe polyolefin felastics, 300,000 tonnes/year.
The project mainly addresses excess oil products, achieving “reducing oil growth” and starting a gradual contribution performance in 2024. 3) The high-performance resin project.
The chemicals produced from the petrochemical phase I and phase II projects are the main raw materials, with the construction of new 300,000 tonnes/year ldpe/eva (pipeline), 100,000 tonnes/yeareva (Buttle), 400,000 tonnes/year ldpe, 200,000 tonnes/year dmc, 3 x 60,000/year pmma and
1.2 million tonnes/year abs installation. The project, which mainly responds to foreign demand for high-end chemical materials, began gradually contributing to performance in 2024.
At that time, new high-end material on the company’s layout will become the second growth curve, increasing the company’s profitability. My project layout in the high-end new material field covers the first time that a “buy-in” rating is given.
Three financial forecasts for Eun Seok-seok, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been assigned to the Securities Investment Advisory Board.