The strategic value of the company is highlighted by Saudi Arabia's intention to buy 10 per cent of the shares: on 27 March 2023, the company announced that the company's controlling shareholder, the Zhejiang Young Sein Holdings Group, Ltd., signed on 27 March 2023 with the strategic partner Saudi Arabia's wholly-owned subsidiary, aoc.
Agreement on the purchase and sale of shares to transfer 1,013 million shares (10 per cent of total equity plus one share) of the company held by it to aoc by way of an agreement transfer; and the Strategic Cooperation Agreement between the company and its subsidiaries and the Saudi Arabian and/or its affiliates at the same time.
Under this heading, a series of commercial cooperation agreements have been established to promote strategic objectives and long-term sustainable development for both parties. 88.23% of the shareholders in corporate holdings have agreed with aoc to establish a strategic partnership between the company and Saudi Arabia for a period of 20 years.
Zhejiang petrochemicals Ltd., Eun Seung Seok Seok (Singapore) Pty Ltd., and Saudi Aoc and its associates, aoc, ats, signed the Strategic Cooperation Agreement in Beijing and the Relief Letters of Credit under which the parent company guaranteed the Framework Agreement for the Supply of Raw Materials.
Packages of agreements such as the Framework Agreement on Refinement and Chemical Products and the Framework Agreement on Crude Oil Storage and the Technology-Sharing Framework Agreement, to achieve cooperation between the parties in the procurement of crude oil, the supply of raw materials, the sale of chemicals, the sale of refined chemical products, the storage of crude oil and technology sharing, except for the crude oil storage framework agreement period
In the context of the tightening of upstream resources, stable supply of company raw materials will create stronger barriers. The agreement provides that (1) the controlling subsidiary, Zilization, and its agent, Singapore, will have the right to operate from Saudi Arabian companies on the basis of disclosure.
1. Precious petrochemicals (002493.sz) Tri-quarter 2022 Oil market prices for a total of 480,000 barrels per day of crude oil of various grades; 2) Emeritus Singapore has the right to be assessed as falling q3 performance with cost coverage and having a steady operation in new materials
(ats) Purchasing no more than 80,000 barrels of crude oil per day; 3) Emeritus, Emeritus and Singapore is entitled to purchase raw materials of 200,000 tonnes per year of graphite oil, mixed benzene, direct distillation fuel, etc., from Step Forwarding 2022/10/27 ats;
2. Precious petrochemicals (002493.sz) 2022 semi-annual reporting points)4 crude oil storage tanks and related facilities with an indicative capacity of 3 million cubic metres in the city of Chaosan provided by the petrochemicals or their associates, and Saudi Arabian or their associates were obliged to maintain the stocks of crude oil in the tanks at 1.5 million.
3. Pride petrochemicals (002493.sz) performance forecast for 2021 Saudi Arabia-Amey provides guidance to companies on overseas marketing channels and oil refining techniques.
Saudi Amé has the right to purchase 800,000 tonnes/year of chemical products such as polyethylene and polypropylene from the refining company Singapore, and 2) atts have the right to purchase chemical products such as polyethylene and polypropylene from the glory.
Industry is moving towards new materials and fine chemical platforms - 2021/10/0 petrochemicals and the Singapore branch is buying 300,000 tons of chemical products per year and 15,000 barrels per day of refined products; 3) Saudi Amer will use its strengths to complement technology with companies, share research and development resources, etc.
5. Precious petrochemicals (002493): Production of refining projects driven by landslides Investment proposals: As downstream demand recovers, price differentials for petrochemical products are expected to be repaired and companies \triangleright \triangleright
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not been, or will be or will not be, directly or indirectly affected by the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.