Events: On the evening of March 27, 2023, Eon Seok-seok published a report on the introduction of strategic investors and the signing of a war (002493.sz)
The announcement of a minor cooperation agreement. An agreement on the transfer of shares between the controlling shareholders of the company and aoc, a wholly owned subsidiary of Saudi Arabia and the United States of America, was signed to transfer 1,013 million shares of its holdings to aoc by way of an agreement transfer, while an agreement on the purchase of crude oil was signed with Saudi Arabia and the Ats Framework.
A number of strategic agreements, such as the Agreement, the Framework Agreement for the Supply of Raw Materials, the Chemical Framework Agreement, the Framework Agreement for the Refinement and Chemical Products and the Framework Agreement for the Storage of Crude Oil, further deepen cooperation in safeguarding the supply of company raw materials, widening customer resources, industrial layout, and technological synergies.
A long-cycle agreement for the purchase of crude oil is in place to fully guarantee the supply of raw materials. The Saudi Arabian Amé, Chemish and Emeritus Agreement on the purchase of crude oil and the Ats Framework Agreement were signed, which provided for a commitment of 48 + 80,000 barrels per day (approximately 27.9 million tonnes/year) for Saudi Amé, Amé and Emeritus.
The agreement is fixed for a fixed period of 20 years and extended for a further five years. It currently contains 40 million tonnes/year of crude oil processing, signed with Saudi Arabia.
As a result, Saudi Arabia’s crude oil supply ratio to petrochemicals will be close to 70%. In 2022, based on existing crude oil purchase agreements, the company purchased raw materials such as 60.3 billion yuan yuan in crude oil from Saudi Arabia and its associates, and we expect future purchases of raw materials from Saudi Arabia and Saudi Arabia.
In addition, the Amer Singapore Trading Company (ats) has signed a specific Supply Framework Contract of 200,000 tonnes/year to provide the company with stone brains, Pride (002493.sz):
Oil, mixed dibenzene, direct distilled fuel, etc. We believe that the agreement between the company and Saudi Arabia's Amira 45 billion refined profit hubs and the eight-fold-cycle crude oil procurement agreement can effectively enhance the security of raw materials supply and reduce the supply of raw materials.
At the bottom of the historical valuation, 2021.08.31 should be more resilient to the risk of instability and large price fluctuations, further increasing the resilience of the industrial chain.
The company signed a chemical purchase agreement, and the company’s overseas market space continues to open.
Values are expected to increase 2021.10.27 Polyethylene, polypropylene, etc. Chemical products; Company and ats sign the Framework for Refinement and Chemical Products Emeritus (002493.sz):
The agreement provided that ats would purchase 300,000 tonnes/year of chemical products and 15,000 tonnes/year of profit, and that petrochemical products would be refined in the second barrel/day (approximately 750,000 tonnes/year).
The purchase volume will account for 25.5 per cent of the production of carbide polyolefins, which clearly underpins the company's product Emeritus (002493.sz): Demand expansion. We believe that the chemical purchase agreement signed between Saudi Army and the company will be valid.
Based on the Great Refinement Platform, the layout of a new, high-end drive for corporate chemical products to the sea, and hope to rely on Saudi Arabia's overseas sales channels, further 2022.8.19.
In this strategic collaboration, the company and Saudi Arabia have also signed the Framework Agreement on Technology Sharing, using its advantages.
Technology is complementary, developing new technologies, processes and equipment to meet future market needs and promoting them to the city, while sharing the necessary resources for research and development, including human, equipment and raw material resources in the joint research and development project.
The process of transformation development of Sinda Securities Inc., which has multi-industry chains of photovoltaic materials, engineering plastics, resin materials, etc., of which cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Some of the products have not yet been industrialized in the country, and the market space is wide. Technology sharing with Saudi Arabia's Al-Ami, Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, 9th Street, Building 1, can provide technical support for ongoing construction projects, but can also provide technical support for ongoing construction projects.
The new industry chain layout builds a good foundation, continuously enriches downstream products, promotes a more stable supply of crude oil storage agreements, and opens up potential opportunities for oil transport.
Having signed the Framework Agreement on the Storage of Crude, which provides for the supply of crude oil storage tanks with an indicative capacity of 3 million cubic metres in the direction of petrochemicals or their association, Saudi Arabia maintains the original oil stocks in the tanks at an indicative minimum level of 1.5 million metric tons, if below 1.5 million metric tons,
Saudi Arabia is required to replenish the tanks within 42 days. Moreover, if the storage is less than 750,000 metric tons, the crude oil in the storage tanks cannot be supplied to any customer other than carcinogenation.
The stability of crude oil processing; on the other hand, the Saudi Arabian-Americans intend to build storage and trade transit centres for other Chinese customers and even for the East Asian region, with long-term opportunities for oil-carrying enterprises in import and transit trade.
\triangleright Saudi Arabian-American strategic cooperation offers multiple opportunities for company follow-up raw material security, market space development, technological breakthroughs, etc., while its controlling subsidiary, zolpidos, is now the only country in the world.
We maintain the risk of “buy-in” for the “buy-in” of the “buy-in” of the “buy-in” risk: default risk; product export policy binding risk; and crude oil prices in the short term.
Risks of large fluctuations; failure to restore demand; risk of excess refining capacity; Nuclear expert member, member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation (CIEAC) pool of experts, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (COA), research consultant in coal and energy-related fields for over a decade, and chair of the “13th Five” National Coal Survey
From 2019 to the present, Li Chunjing, cfa, a member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, Nanjing University, were responsible for conducting research on the coal sector.
Research on large energy panels such as Lei, Gas, and others. High-level Doctor of Mining, Senior Engineer, former Minister of Investment and Management of Secondary Enterprises, China Coal Industry Group, Chinese University of Mining (Beijing), who worked for many years in coal mining, technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, and joined the letter in June 2022.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States of America, has three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, in fictional research on applications for power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity research.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical sector. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in petrochemicals.
In July 2022, they joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which works in coal, Wu Bojong, Jilin University in industrial economics, and in July 2022, where they worked in coal, coal and chemical industries, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.