On November 22nd, 2020 research assistant Chai Ka Fai.
• Looking ahead to the 14th Five-Year Plan, what are the grids facing? Currently, strong smart power grids in the country are being shaped, and grid capacity and reliability have increased significantly, but challenges remain over the next 10 years: 1) the high proportion of new energy sources permeating and creating features of large power side fluctuations; 2) the growth of new loads and random shocks.
In response to these contradictions, we consider the 14th Five-Five power grid to be an important drop point for development or reflected in the construction of grid racks (high voltage, regional grids), factor development (source network co-opting), energy Internet, breakthrough technology bottlenecks (nuclear)
Energetic devices, big data, and 5g are central to the new strategy of the National Network. In 2020, the Network launched a new strategy, “Building China’s leading energy Internet enterprise,” which is planned for 2025, “Preliminary Construction.”
In 2030, “full-scale” construction was completed. The National Telecommunications and Telecommunications Agency is the backbone of the new national network strategy, with operational plates such as grid automation, network connectivity, soft-cut high voltage, etc. serving the national grid energy interconnection frontier: ICT leaders, the industrialization of the igbt, and the determination of the long-term direction of the super-high pressure.”
iv. “Swiss planning for 100 billion contract value targets, in which front-line business contributions add up: 1) Internet access, national grid energy Internet orientation is determined, while Swe, as the core unit of national network energy Internet development, is fully involved in basic R & D, construction of priority projects and equipment supply, and is connected to the Internet.
(b) With regard to core equipment, the South Rigbt project is moving forward, the 1200v/1700vigbt has already been piloted on related products, and small orders are expected to land this year and generate revenue next year.
Continuous, covering at least five special projects, multiple cross-border direct-flow networking projects to be built, long-term consolidation of the main industry: grid automation sub-operations will have a booming and robust life cycle. Of these, 1) a new generation of dispatch systems will begin to evolve, and Nanxi will be expected to continue its monopoly position; 2) new challenges to the power grid will make it possible
1. " State Power Nansi (600406) 3 seasons to secure and stabilize system upgrades, and Nansi is expected to replicate the dominant advantage of the movement control; 3) use the power side.
Products such as smart meters, which are the infrastructure for electrical connection, are expected to grow robustly in the traditional areas of advantage such as grids, transformers, relays, etc.
Review: Information and communication continues to be high, major industries, high-speed growth of ICT operations, high-voltage project continuity, and power grid automation week.
Twenty-four times the year, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. 1. Duplicate and outlook: What will the future grid face? 1.1. Power grids face new challenges when strong smart grids are in shape.
Since the twenty-first century, three phases have been marked: 102 electricity conversions - 08: concentration of efforts to address power bottlenecks: State Council ' s Power System Reform Programme (No. 5) of 2002
The country's network began operating independently, and the domestic grid infrastructure was lagging behind. Investment in the grid continued to increase in 2003-08, from 101.4 billion in 2003 to 28.85 billion in 08, cagr = 23 per cent, with a focus on transmission and transformation 209-12: “Strengthly smart grids”: In May 09, the country's grid launched a plan for the construction of “smart grids”, which was allocated to it.
3 phases, full implementation of a unified “strong smart grid” by 2020. The smartness of the grid led by investment in secondary equipment. Investment in the grid continued to be at a high level of about 3000-32 billion; 313 - to date: Post-construction of the smart grid: initial acceleration of investment in the grid during the period (building of projects such as special high pressure for the benefit),
After deceleration, investment in the grid stabilized at 450-500 billion during the “14th Five-Year” period of 16-19. By the end of 19 years, the national grid operated a cumulative line length of 34563 km, a cumulative power transformation capacity of 38.467 kVA, the backbone network was largely well developed, with 99.95 per cent of the grid's cities in 2019 having a reliable supply of electricity, and rural areas with a reliable supply of electricity.
99.815% of the high-voltage communication loops, direct-flow circuit layouts are beginning to work, and strong smart grids are being built. Looking ahead, the main contradictions in the grids are changing: on the one hand, they come from the general development of new energy sources, with the characteristics of high-scale penetration and volatility of new energy sources, and, on the other hand, they are becoming more volatile.
At the United Nations General Assembly, it was stated that “CO2 emissions are aimed at peaking by 2030 and achieving carbon neutrality by 2060”, and that to achieve this goal, a higher proportion of renewable energy needs to be used, with new energy loads expected to reach over 560 million kw per year of electric vehicles, smart air conditioning, orbital transport, 5g, and idc, among others, expected to reach a maximum of over 560 million kw per year.
Thirty-five percent of the load, large-scale random shock load disorderly operation will have a serious impact on the grid, power load peaks are very low, the speed of increase is clear, maximum load optimization is imminent. At the same time, the power electronics ratio has increased significantly, and the traditional electromagnetic transformation equipment feature has been transformed from electric electronics.
In order to meet these challenges, there is a need for a shift in the way the grid is built to deal with the grid's state in a dynamic way.
During the fourteen-five-year period, the building of grids, the promotion of factor development, the achievement of efficient synergies and the construction of an energy Internet are the main ways to address these challenges.
On 3 November, the Xinhua Society released the Central China Communist Party ' s Recommendation for the Development of the Fourteenth Five-Year Plan for National Economic and Social Development and Vision 2035, which addressed carbon emissions, electricity infrastructure development, new energy development, competitive market-based reforms, etc.
In addition, the National Network is currently working on the 14th Five-Year Plan, which is expected to be completed in the course of the year. The President of the National Network recently stated in a visual interview that: 1) investment in electricity grids and related industries is expected to be $6 trillion during the 14th Five-Year Plan; 2) not in the next three years, fewer small businesses, especially micro-enterprises, will be able to make $100 billion in capacity-building; 3) targeting
Core technologies will increase their investment in 80 billion people by 2025 to ensure a secure supply chain; 4) they will soon be built around modern technologies such as big data, cloud computing, and the Internet. Overall, grid investment will continue to grow steadily, and energy Internet will remain a strategic focus.
The outlook for the 14th Five-Year Plan for electricity in the integrated sector is expected to be characterized by a number of characteristics: 1) Use side: power growth is slowing across the community: looking forward to 14-F. From the point of view of electricity demand, economic restructuring intensified during the 14-Fifteen-Year Plan and the growth of the high-energy sector slowed, while power substitution continued.
3) Networking: based on the hypertensive backbone, the regional grid has been developed in synergy: domestic resource endowments and power demand reverse subsectors have determined the pattern of power flow from “West to East” and “North to South” and are expected to accelerate the formation of a “Small to Five” high voltage-synchronous power grid in the east of China, China, China, China and East, with the construction of a “Five to Five” high voltage power grid.
The superhigh voltage exchange backbone, combined with the integrated promotion of the superhigh voltage direct circulation route, will be further improved by 2025, along with the regional 750kv, 500kv backbones and the optimization of 330kv and 220kv grid substrates for the development of power grids at all levels.
4) Element development: The collusive interactions of the source network: the current power system is guided by safe and stable operation, the elements are conditionality, the dynamic features are prominent as the elements increase, there is an urgent need to break the interlocking of mechanisms, construct ecological systems, i.e., the interconnectivity between source-network-charge-storage elements, and promote each other, from “source-to-source” to “source-to-source”
The shift from Dutch interaction to guarantee operational safety and improve efficiency. 5) Building the energy Internet industrial chain: the energy Internet is a typical practice of the industrial Internet in the field of energy power, in essence based on factor synergy, horizontal interconnection of production factors with production links, and vertical integration of advanced information technologies.
Networking is now an important strategy for the national network, the South Net, and construction is expected to accelerate during the "14th Five-Year" period. 6) Breaking through technical bottlenecks: accelerating technological advances, pushing forward the national production of core instruments such as power engineering chips, power semiconductors, and promoting new technologies such as big data, cloud computing, ai, communications technology, security simulation technology, block chains, sensors, etc.
In 2020, the National Network released its latest strategy: “basic construction” by 2020 and “complete construction” by 2026-2035.
The world's leading energy Internet enterprise, with the Chinese character of “five explicit” and the international leadership of “six leading” and “three main systems” of the energy Internet, figure 7: National grid energy Internet architecture
As a core equipment company within the national network system, the country’s tele-sweet operations cover all aspects of the network’s investment, and the speed of entry increases are highly correlated with the grid/net investment. The country’s electricity-swee will continue to be the central support unit for the new national network strategy.
Equipment and information and communication poles, which are expected to continue to support the development of the national grid power grid, are the national grid “energy Internet” battles where, in the light of the country's specific operations, grid automation (including security stabilization, movement control, electricity markets, electricity usage), electricity information communications, follow-up and straight lines of operations will continue to serve the new national grid strategy and the “145” focus of electricity.
The country is expected to enjoy high-growth growth in the direction of construction. 2. Secondary equipment and power information and communication leading companies 2.1. The group as a whole has been listed as the country’s largest power source.
In 2001, it was transformed into the National Automation Institute of Science and Technology. The Nanxi Group, the parent company of Nanxi, was set up in 1993 by the National Telecommunications Institute and launched in 2001 by the Nanxi Group.
The main players are the relatively mature industrial sub-connectors of the grid within the group (which represents, for example, the movement control system, open-2000), the systems control sub-company (which represents the product, for example, the conversion station integrated automation system), and the industrial control sub-company (which is represented by the fire power plant decentralized control system), which completed a stock listing in 2003.
In response to the corporate reform strategy, promoting the listing of high-quality assets, and addressing competition among partners, Nanxie has been pushing for the reorganization of the assets of the group since it was listed in 2003: 30 million Chinese and German Protection Control System (CPSC) companies were acquired in 04, leading the trade in controlled technology products, and in 05 Nanxia was established.
(a) The Beijing Control Corporation, which added an “Automated Business Block for Track Electrical and Protection” with the withdrawal of the Group in 2003;
(a) The acquisition of 403 million urban and rural power grid automation, electrical control assets, new “electric control automation” operations, primary power generation, magnetic equipment, etc., in 09;
\triangleright first asset reorganization in 13 years at a total cost of 2,587 million yuan to be introduced in Beijing (1330 million, dispatch), \triangleright \triangleright
Assets such as source (250 million, distribution grids), national electricity-rich (480 million, energy-efficient and environmentally friendly), solar energy in Nanxia (140 million, photovoltaics), group stabilization (40 million, grid stabilization analysis) and movement control and distribution of network assets are largely on the market. Operations are reoriented into grid automation, power generation and new energy sources, industrial control and trade, energy conservation and environmental protection.
The consolidation of assets, such as super-high-pressure flow valves, and the virtual securitization of the entire assets of the South Swe Group, has been restructured into four main sections of grid automation and engineering control, relay protection and flexible transmission, electricity automation, interest communications, power generation and hydro-environmental protection.
Current business maps: Five broad areas, with full coverage of the full process for transmission and transformation. The current national grid division is divided into grid automation and industrial control, electricity automation information communication, relay protection and flexible direct transmission, power generation and water conservation, integration with five other business plates, and full coverage of the entire process from production to application.
Electrical network automation and engineering control includes the full process of movement control automation, conversion automation, distribution automation, electrical automation, \triangleright grid pressure stabilization control, automatic control of power generation, transmission and management, and automatic movement control
In the case of electricity, information and communication technologies, such as “clouds, larges, objects, transfers, intelligence” is used in information and communications-related operations, including power production management, movement control, information security, etc.
Communications equipment, databases, etc., serve the various components of the grid, which is followed by the provision of power control protection, direct transmission, flexible transmission core technology, products, systems, integrated and professional services, and full-scale control of the grid from low to high voltage, from line to main line.
Power generation and hydro-environmental protection are mainly directed towards the end of power generation, with core technology in integrated power station monitoring, long-range energy centralized monitoring, power-upgrading stations, new energy generation control, etc. The accumulation of years of sedimentation has led to the formation of the country’s largest product line in the electricity grid sector, with the second equipment being designed for offshore taps:
(a) Dispatch is the brain of the grid, second equipment is the soul of electrical automation, both of which are managed and operated through information technology, with technical barriers and profitability higher than once;
The leading supplier, the secondary equipment + movement control system, is almost fully covered, and a few pieces of equipment are available for the network, the most fully integrated company in the country’s electricity grid industry. In comparison to foreign leaders, Nanxia’s dispatch + secondary layout is well developed.
2.2. The harvest has increased steadily, with the second high-morigin and profitable state of Nanwe now the largest power plant in the country. In 2019, $32,424 million was collected, with a combined impact of 5.4 per cent, but far more than its counterparts, compared to the multi-operational, multi-regional configuration countries.
There is still a large gap between the international power plant poles. There is a steady high growth in orders, and the trend is consistent with revenue and profit movements, with hand orders amounting to $39,832 million at the end of the year and new orders amounting to $23,237 million.
There is a need for considerable R & D capacity, with a concentrated supply pattern, strong bargaining power, and a high M & A rate. The overall M & A rate has remained generally stable at 25-30% since the Group ' s 13 years and is partly affected by the income of the low M & D integrated package group, with M & A of core products of over 40%, continuing to run their domestic and foreign counterparts; and Roe 14.9% in 19 years.
Market barriers + R & D drive the construction of core competitiveness Market monopoly barriers in the network system of 1. High market penetration rates. Movement control systems, secondary equipment and their importance for the security, stability and high barriers in the electricity system.
The historical positioning and technological advantages of the national network system determine the high rate of secondary equipment. In the conventionally dominant areas of Nanxi, companies have a very high share of control over dispatch, transmission, distribution, superhigh voltage, and telecommunications.
The share of Nanry is expected to remain stable. Movement control operations are largely dominated by Nanry and Kodong.
\triangleright’s business model determines Nanxi’s dominance in the movement control industry, with Nanry+Kordon largely in the lead in national, cyber, provincial, sub-national, sub-district and sub-national share of the loss, with a total share of 73% in terms of the number of projects.
Information and communication technology (ICM) is a two-way line between IT operations and national network products. Nanse and NSN are two companies specialized in electricity and \triangleright information and communication within the national network system that have long been involved in bidding for information softening, hardware and information services in the national network.
In a dominant position, Nanwe has a strong edge in electricity production information, databases, network security, and a more prominent role for the IT group in managing informationization, chips, etc. The combined share of the majority of applications is more than 70%. In 19 years, the number of winning packages for the Internet-based information services was 27% compared to the Nanxi Group.
The super-high-pressure flow valves account for 40% of the total, and the barrier levels are strong. The direct-flow valves are one of the main \trianglerights of the super-high-pressure straight flow, with the winning pattern showing about 40% in 2019 and 30% in 2019.
Twenty per cent of Western electricity, 10 per cent of abb quadruple, high high-pressure market barriers, and solid core equipment patterns. Figure 23: Movement control software configuration: Nanwe ' s basic monopoly (by tender volume, Nanwe is a R&D-driven company)
R & D is the driving force behind the development of Nanxie. Among several factors of production, R & D costs are the fastest growing, with a 6.4-fold increase in revenues and a 4.23-fold increase in R & D costs over a comparable time period from 09 to 16, while the number of people grew by only 1.8-fold, and fixed assets grew by only 1.47-fold.
In comparison with their counterparts, the cost of R & D was 1.77 billion yuan in 2019, much higher in absolute terms than the country, much more than its domestic and international counterparts, owing to the structural bias of Nanxi's products on the one hand, and to the problems of staffing the country's network on the other.
2.4. Equity is clear and the initial incentive is already on the ground. The South Swe Group holds 51.8 per cent of shares, the South Swe postmaster, the soul figure Shen's House of Lords, 2.4 per cent, the National Networked Electric Unit, 5.5 per cent, and the remaining shareholders, 40.3 per cent, are in charge of the National Finance Committee.
A total of 38.45 million shares were awarded to the Chief Engineer, Yang Zhihong, Chief Accountant, Dong Fang Feilong, Deputy Managing Director Ning Bin, and other core cadres, comprising 987 persons, and nearly 40,000 shares per person, with a market value of nearly millions per person at current stock prices. The target net profit cagr was de-locked in four instalments, with the target being higher than 11%.
In four stages after two years, the conditions for unlocking are assessed for roe, net profits, net interest rates and economic added value.
In the medium and long term, the new national network strategy sets out the broad orientation of the energy Internet, which represents the transformation and upgrading of the grid. Its basic structure includes the energy grid system (energy flow), the information support system (information flow), the value creation system (business flow) and a clear 5-10-year plan.
In the short term, the National Network, in conjunction with the Bat layout, “New Digital Infrastructure”, has refined its construction objectives. On June 15, the Network held a “New Digital Infrastructure” priority-building launch and cloud signing ceremony in Kyoto, launching its 10 priority construction projects, arranging investment in the field of 24.7 billion yuan, and is expected to boost social investment by about 100 billion yuan.
In terms of the focus of the project, “Digital New Infrastructure” is a continuation of the previous electricity grid, setting the direction, targeting (e.g. data center, cloud platform, large energy data centre, big power data, conglomerate).
Management platforms, integrated energy services, electricity market transactions, etc.), on the other hand, exploration of scenarios for the application of new technologies (5g, artificial intelligence, block chains, Beidou systems, etc.).
The invitation to bid for information services represents a more advanced direction in the digitalization of the grid. In terms of the invitation to bid, it slowed down in the first half of 19 owing to the reorientation of some of the projects towards meeting the requirements for electrical connection construction. In the second half of the year, the number of tenders for information services increased significantly and the trend continued for a better period of 20 years.
Some of the changes in the calibre of software products have led to an incomparably large amount of data, which is the core unit supporting the development of the national grid energy network. Since 19 South Swe has set up a dedicated clearance team in the construction of the national grid electricity grid, increasing its research and development input and participating fully in the electricity grid.
Top-level and special-purpose programmes. Since 2020, national networks have continued to be supported by projects such as big power data, artificial intelligence, 5g, cloud applications, physical networking, and the electricity spot market, which are “frontiers” in the construction of national networks.
In the form of a lump sum, Swe assumes the role of an integrated contractor; on the other hand, it has a rich accumulation of technology and a large number of self-research products in terms of platform and basic software, grid production management, network security, communications equipment, etc., as well as the role of a supplier of core equipment.
Unlike the credit sector, Nanwe has a strong advantage in power production information, big data, and integrated energy management. In terms of NCN’s business position, NCP focuses on managing informationization (erp, marketing department).
Swe focuses on electricity production information and external operations (movement control, distribution network, integrated energy services, big data, etc.), and Swe has a strong advantage in projects such as electrical distribution network construction, new generation dispatch systems, new generation power trading platforms, integrated energy services platforms, etc., with a high share of winning, interpolating, data center, in-kind id, data value added
The traditional information equipment, services tender shows a very high concentration pattern, with the average city of Nanse accounting for 2-4%. From 2015 onwards, the centralised tender for information equipment, information services, in core hardware (server type),
Core software (linux systems, database software, etc.) and information-based services (total package) show a two-way trend for both SNS and SNS. Nanwe has 2-4% of server-type cities, 3-7% of linux systems, database software, 2-3% of information-based services, and a modest amount of information-based centralized bidding at billions of levels per year.
As can be seen, the two countries of Nanse-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Ti-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-
Igbt is a foreign-dominated area, and large-power igbt import substitution is imperative. The igbt, the insulation grid, is a core instrument in the field of electricity, equivalent to cpu in the electronic field of electricity. It is widely applied and is applied at different voltage levels, with high voltage igbt applied to grids, rails, wind power, middle voltage for industrial control, new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, home power, low power.
But the country’s igbt industry started late, and the only companies with complete skills at the international level, such as British fliers, Mitsubishis, abbs. In the high-pressure sector, British fliers, Mitsubishis, abbs have an absolute advantage and are largely monopolistic; they are widely applied to the grid’s high-powered igbt technology, and the market is basically abb.
The nationalization of high-power igbt is an imperative, on the one hand, and the ownership of the igbt by the national network, on the other hand, the volatility of the prices of the igbt products has also had an impact on the Māori ratio of electricity-equipment enterprises inside and outside the country. In 2017, the reorganisation of the country’s electricity grid was accompanied by an increase of $6.10 billion, of which $1.64 billion is to be invested in the igbt module production.
Industrialization project to build the manufacturing and testing capacity of the gbt, sic chips and modules by building the software and hardware environment for the igbt and sic device chips and the modular design software and software environment, the igbt and sic device production lines, etc. In October 2019, the National Electric and the National Network Institute of Research jointly established a power semiconductor subsidiary, which is 69.8 per cent in the South.
In October 19 the U.S. National Tenan proposes to co-invest in the establishment of the U.S.U.U.R. Research Semiconductor Company Ltd., a scientific research unit of the U.S. National Network, Inc., co-financed US$ 559 million, or 69.8 per cent, from the “igbt module industrialization project” and USI$ 241 million, or 30.2 per cent, from technology.
The Institute provides funding for 1,200v welding, 1700v, 3300v welding and pressuring, 4500v welding and pressured gbt and frd chips, full intellectual property rights (design, process, testing, list of materials, patents, etc.) for the gbt module, and technical experience in chip processline construction and sealing wire construction, covering transmission, new energy, electricity use, electric power, etc.
The Institute will form a technology transformation team of not less than 30 professional igbt developers, giving priority to industrial support and replacement optimization of the first batch of technology, and second batch of 1200v/1700v ditch grids, igbt chips and modules, until the first two batches have been completed in three consecutive batches.
Quantified production stabilization, with the transformation of the technology as the main basis for the team’s performance evaluation. 1200v/1700vigbt has now been piloted on the product, and a small batch is expected to be set this year at 3.3 & T: master core technology, simultaneous expansion at home and abroad
In September 18, the Department of Energy issued a circular to speed up the construction of 5-to-7-thirties. In 18 years, it approved 2-to-1 and 1-to-2-to-1 in the first half of 19 years, with a relative gap.
The plan of work clearly states that the construction of all remaining direct-five super-pressure routes will be approved expeditiously in 2020, and that the additional three direct-flow lines of the "Golden Water and Power Depot Project", "Hami-Gangqing Project" are over-anticipated, with more than 70 billion investments in the remaining "White Crane Beach - Jiangsu, White Crane Beach - Zhejiang Project (to be approved) yet to be established.
Of these, the corresponding value of the conversion station equipment, such as the conversion valve, the protection of straight flow control, and the conversion of currents, is about 8-8.5 billion yuan; the three additional lines of the National Network, “Gold on Water and Power Transport Project”, “Gang Dong Shandong Project”, and “Hami Chongqing Project”, are expected to result in a total investment of 80-90 billion and more than 12 billion master equipment orders, significantly increasing the continuity of orders from major equipment suppliers.
In January and September 2019, the company continued to record a high share of its performance.
Soft flow valves break international monopolies. Soft direct transmission technology is one of the most revolutionary in the current field of grid technology, which relies on the ability to shut down features based on the gbt device, based on succession to traditional direct transmission technologies.
This feature determines its potential for application in areas such as renewable energy grids, distant sea winds, electricity grids, and regional grid partition control. Previously, only abb, Siemens, Alston, and so on.
Three companies have flexible direct transmission technology, the igbt switch is the core equipment in soft engineering, the two subsidiaries of the South Swe and the Prey Project have each undertaken the Tsakayama project, the Xiamen project, breaking the international monopoly, the core technology of the igbt switch valve, and the 2018 North JN project was completed with the treacherous switch and the direct flow breaker.
Softness is an important technology for addressing new energy grid access, and the igbt switch valves will become the new growth point in Nanwe. The short-term billing, influenced by project space, slowed down, but the direct flow project continued to be strong during the "14-5" period.
In response to the epidemic, some of the projects have been slow in taking orders, super-high-pressure new orders have been down the same time, and revenue growth has slowed, but since 2004, tenders have been launched for the Southern Network Guangzhou and Dongguan projects, as well as for the White Crane Beach-Gangsu project, which has been approved with a rapid start, and the National Network is expected to still have five special direct projects and multiple transnational direct-flow projects to be established during the “145” period.
Extranet operations, offshore operations and offline operations are important growth poles in Swe, where growth is expected to lead power grid operations during the "14th Five-Year" period.
\triangleright has a solid accumulation of competitive advantages, and about 23% of the revenue is currently generated out of the net (19a) and will be generated upstream (sea wind power, power side storage), downstream transhipment, large railways, on the basis of existing operations.
With regard to overseas operations, based on the technological accumulation and enrichment of the domestic electricity grid, there is also a rapid development of the foreign operations in Nanxi, which are currently involved in the main network engineering of eetc500kv in Egypt and the Saudi smart metering project.
Building overseas projects, with 900 million overseas revenues in 19 years, is expected to rise gradually in the future. 4. Consolidation of the main industry: grid automation break-down business boom cycle, followed by robust movement control 4.1. New generation of dispatch systems is beginning to evolve, and Nanxi is expected to remain dominant.
Movement control systems are divided by function and typically include security surveillance and control (scada), automatic power generation control (avc), scheduler training simulations (dts), grid application (pas), integrated multimedia movement control systems (imds).
Market space is about 20 billion, confirmed in 5-10 years. 43 medium-sizes (27 NCN + 6 Networks + 1 Nation-wide; 7 NSN + 1 General; and 6N + 60 Districts in Monsi) and nearly 1900 Districts nationwide. The median price is 80-100 billion, 10-20 million District-wide, around 5 million District-wide.
In view of the market pattern, thanks to the model developed jointly by the NCN and Nanxi, Nanxi has basically maintained a monopoly in the middle, with a share of 100%, 7-8% of the city, the rest of the eastern electronics, the built-in electronics, etc. have access to a small number of orders, and the credit group has access to a small number of soft and hardware from the non-main station system.
Figure 37: Scheduler hardware winning pattern: A server with racks, in the order of thrust of the dispatch system, the normal cycle is longer in the order of R & D, pilot, provincial, and grounding, for example, the current d5,000 system will be piloted from 10 years to possibly complete in 18 years.
The current industry trend, with the construction of the super-high-voltage flow grid, has led to a major change in the structure and characteristics of the system, which will result in a fundamental change in the management model of the corresponding operation control box, which will integrate the major power grids.
Current industry trends, with the construction of the super-high-voltage flow grid, major changes in the structural shape and characteristics of the system will result in fundamental changes in the corresponding operating control box management model, which will integrate the major power grids.
Control, clean-energy-wide integration, co-generation, power-marketing support, etc. The current d5,000 state-of-the-art, network-based provinces have been upgraded and more than 100 local and municipal levels remain incomplete. The new system began to evolve in 19-20, with a new generation of dispatch systems expected to replicate the d5,000-country-led format, and Nanse still expects to do so.
Maintenance of a monopoly, and movement control operations are expected to lead to a new upward cycle. 4.2. Secure and steady pressure: precision load control is imminent. Safety and stability control systems are an important line of defense for the safety of the grid and the safety of the grid, and the precise cutting of loads is the safety of the grid.
Sets the direction of the controlled technology. In the event of a power grid turnover or a direct flow failure, the "precision" calculates the total amount of load to be cut and the regional load to be cut (kw level), gives priority to measures to replace the conventional 110/35kv load, selects the "precise" 10kv and 380v to be cut, avoids the adverse social effects of power outages in factories and residential areas, and ensures the safety and order of the grid.
Accurate power supply. Accurate load-cutting technology with a large, selective and less user impact is the safety and stability control of the grid, and Nanxi has a pre-emptive advantage and is expected to replicate the dominant power of the dispatch. Currently, only Jiangsu and Shandong power grids are successfully tested in the country.
4.3. Electricity use: the power grid infrastructure, the new generation of tables began to overlap The side-to-side automation operations in Nanwe include the entire electrical information-gathering system and the replacement of new energy vehicles with power station operations.
The electrical information collection system (the table + terminal + main station) is the basis for the user side of the power grid. About 80% of the data in the grid are based on the table rotation cycle, which has increased significantly in 19 and has fallen in 20 years due to the exchange of new and old tenders. The electricity table replacement cycle has been around 8-10 years, with the last batch 09 starting to install smart meters entering the rotation cycle, 18th year.
Two tenders started and increased significantly in 20 years. In 2019, the number of tenders for Internet smart meters rose by 73.91 million, or 36.6 per cent in the same year, with a corresponding value of about $13 billion; in 20 years, the bid rate was 5.2.17 million, compared to 29.4 per cent, owing to a three-phased higher unit price and an increase in the combined value of the bid.
The new generation of smart meters has been completely upgraded and their value has increased significantly. In standard-setting for the new generation of smart meters, the national network has developed innovative ideas for “multi-core”, “mode-mixing” in technology reserves, meeting the softness of ir46.
The unit price of the meter is expected to increase by 50-100%. The next generation of the “product-networked meter” this year has introduced the corresponding standards and made a small number of tenders, with 1.65 million bids in the second bid in 2020, and the next year is expected to increase in volume as the new table becomes more permeable.
Starting in 20 years, smart meter rotations are expected to accelerate, while unit prices are raised, and market space is increasing faster than bidding. With the completion of the intergenerational transition, domestic demand for electricity tables is expected to recover steadily in 2020-23, while the value of the new generation of smart meters and meter modules has increased significantly, and the scale of the meter market will grow significantly faster than the bidding volume, and this year as a result of the bidding process.
Income may fall within the network system of the countries that have been reduced, but Saudi electricity table projects are expected to make up for this year’s robust growth, which is expected to rise rapidly by more than 20% in the coming year. In addition, other components of the system, such as the EIS main station, the collection terminal, etc., are facing simultaneous updates, high clouds, etc.
Nanxi has the full array of EIS products, which is the highest in the country. The Sea 3000 EIS includes the home station of the ami system, the pbs 2000/d5,000 E.E.M. system, the sea 3700 centralizer,
The share of the Sea3800 collector, the Sea3500 Specialized Collector Terminal, the Sea3900 Plant Pickup Terminal and Smart Tables, and Communications has been increasing year after year, with the parent company + 3 + Middle Sky City meters now accounting for about 3 per cent, the third largest in the country.
After years of development, Nanxi has become the core supplier of the country’s smart and power meters, while the Instagram is the focal point for the development of new standards, and with the introduction of new standards, Nanxi is expected to be one of the first suppliers to master new meter design and manufacturing capabilities, with a further increase in its share.
The high-end demand and profitability of the power station’s operations focus on the network. The “car network” is also a component of the grid’s energy interconnection ecology, which is one of the core suppliers of the grid’s power supply facilities.
In a bid, the city is in the first position at around 15%, and is a core participant in high-end applications such as the National Network Super Highway Charging Station, the High Steel Station, and the Coastal Electric Power. Unlike the normal charge-post suppliers, Nanse products are highly structured and typically based on solutions, with high value added and relatively robust profits, and in 2019 the Namshi Flag Charged Power Exchange Company.
Pritt's high voltage is still at a profit of 85 million. Overall, the use of EIS in the context of a new generation of e-tables is going to be a big year in the years to come, with a steady growth in the replacement of the power supply, and we expect to maintain an increase of more than 10% in electricity automation over 20-22 years.
Networking: Networking is facing the emerging load impact challenge, finance lease mode locking orders Automation of distribution is based on a single grid rack and equipment, using computers and their network technology, communications technology, current-generation electronic sensing technology, at the core of the distribution automation system, with real-time, quasi-real-time and non-real-time data for network equipment
Information is integrated and integrated to enable monitoring, protection, and control of the distribution grid in its normal operation and in the event of an accident. The standard network automation secondary equipment consists of the main distribution station, substation, and terminal levels, and the distribution terminals include ftu (distribution switch monitoring terminals), dtu (distribution terminal units), ttu (distribution transformer apogee terminals).
By 2020, the network is expected to be automated. It is expected that the 2015 EEA Plan of Action for the Re-engineering of the grid will require the strengthening of electricity distribution automation and the continuous improvement of distribution automation coverage, which will reach 90% coverage by 2020.
Motivation coverage is only about 20 per cent, accelerated in recent years, with 80 per cent automated coverage of the national network by 2019, but there is still much room for building the network: first, the challenges of network building, access to clean energy, power-filling posts, and electricity market reform and growth
The network pilot, the agricultural network upgrade, etc., is a new challenge for the network construction, which is expected to accelerate secondary equipment, and the digital grid construction, which requires the application of advanced technologies such as cloud computing, big data, edge computing, etc. for the distribution of secondary equipment, will also speed up software product rotation.
The main station system has an absolute advantage, and ICT has consolidated its dominant advantage. According to market patterns, Nanxia is the absolute leader of the country’s main station system, with the main network holding over 40%, the main network holding up over 90%, close to the monopolistic position, and nearly 100 million years), with a large number of participants, with Nanxi taking the lead, with a share of around 10%.
Now, as the grid invests in rising demand for products and the introduction of ICT, companies will have a more competitive edge than the current total of more than 3 billion dollars worth of network automation equipment in Nanxi, which is expected to remain in place in the future. Part of the grid automation plate is also derived from network-based energy-saving equipment. More than half of the grid losses are from grid-connected and network-connected equipment.
Energy conservation is an important measure to reduce power consumption in the grid and can effectively address the problems of incompetence, low end voltage, and high line losses, which can effectively reduce the line loss rate by about 30%.
Newly proposed business model. Of this $8.8 billion in hand orders, repurchase revenue is expected to be recognized on an annual basis + $2 billion in rental income. From the company’s balance sheet, the energy-saving equipment in progress budget at the end of the company’s balance sheet by 2019 will continue to recognize rental income, repurchase revenue, and take a five-year cycle to estimate the return + rent income by almost 20 per cent for future years.
4.5. Power transformation: a traditional advantage, high-end markets following high-voltage growth robustly transformer links are an important component of grid investment, and transformer automation is a 10 billion-dollar market. Power conversion links are an important part of grid investment, with market space of 10 to 20 per cent of total grid investment.
The system is a system that provides automated functions for the operation and management of transformer power stations, including the monitoring, control, protection, and some of its own maintenance functions. The secondary cycle is shorter than once, and a large number of transformer stations are in urgent need of upgrading, and the secondary equipment is better than once.
The amount of equipment tendered centrally by the National Network shows that the demand for transformer plant protection equipment has increased since 17 years, and the monitoring equipment has been relatively stable, except for a larger decline this year, with a significant decline in equipment resistors, capacitors, radiates, etc. The winning pattern shows a combined 3-4% share of Nanwe+re, and future conversion station purchase is expected to gradually materialize.
Mainly, Nanwe has the capacity to integrate the package solutions, and its share is expected to remain stable.Figure 44: Modes of transformable surveillance equipment: more than 30%. Nanxi is competitive in high-end markets, with a new round of ultra-pressure landings promising upwards. Over 220kv
Some of the projects are already under way, and the construction of accompanying transformers is expected to begin in the coming year. Nanxi has already accumulated considerable technology in super-high-pressure, super-high-voltage-level transformers, and has a complete solution for the second-stage equipment of smart transformers, capable of powering ns 3000s of smart transformer power systems, and is expected to enjoy the upturn of the high-end market.
The next line of protection is the first line of defense that constitutes the safe and stable operation of the electrical system.
As one of the most widely applied secondary devices in the grid, the relay protection device was linked to the large scale of the network ' s investments, which fell in 2019, the capacity of more than 200 kv transmission lines and transformer equipment was reduced and demand for the relay protection device was expected to decline in 20 years.
Nanxiu is the world’s fourth largest provider of power protection, with 50% of high-voltage relays. In 1981, the director of Nanxiu, the soul-guarder, and the President of the Shen National Academy, proposed “the principles of industrial-frequency-relay protection” that would cause the grid to fail.
On average, one third faster than abroad, after years of development, the correct rate of electrical relay protection has risen from 80% to more than 99.9% in the 1980s, becoming the world ' s fourth largest provider after abb, siemens, and ge. In a central tender, Nanwe has a share of high voltage relay protection equipment above 220kv.
At that time, the high rate of Maori was an important profit-contribution business for companies. During the period of “14th Five-Five” Prospective and Investment Proposals, the grid is expected to continue to drive the construction of grids (high voltage, regional grids), factor development (sources)
The web-based “China identity, world-class energy Internet enterprise” route is clear, while Swe is the central support unit for the new NCN strategy and is expected to benefit from all aspects of electricity Automated Information Communication: Swe will continue to support the development of the national network-based energy Internet.
Systems development, system integration, demonstration project construction, equipment supply, etc., which support the national grid energy Internet, are expected to be maintained in 2020-22.
The network's requirements were upgraded, the dispatch system and smart meters were gradually overtaken by events from 20 to 20, and the electrical automation, distribution, relaying and transmission of electricity was continued during the “14th Five-Five” period, to address the problem of new energy sources, and Nanry had a very straightforward and flexible order volume, although 20 years had been slow due to the lack of progress in some of the projects.
And it is expected that the billing will slow down, but the project will continue to grow rapidly in the coming years: after Xu Xu, Xinse, Pinggao Electric, 20/15 times the average pe per year in 2020/21, countries engaged in grid communication will be given a 20 per cent premium, taking into account the dominant position of the Swe in the country ' s network system and the supporting position in the country ' s new strategy.
Swe is the central anchor of the new national Internet strategy for Internet energy, with high-speed growth of ICT operations, high-pressure project continuity, and should maintain a “buy-in” rating of 24 times ape in 2021.
(a) Decline in investment in the electricity grid: companies come downstream mainly from the electricity grid industry and the construction of the grid is less than expected to have an impact on public orders;
3. Policy is not moving as fast as expected: if the energy Internet is not growing as expected, the growth of the company's information board can be achieved by the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) of Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., which already has a portfolio investment advisory.