3-quarterly review of the state's main industry growth rate and continuing high information and communications performance, October 30, 2020.
Chai Ka Fai, former research assistant,  27%, profit + 24%, growth faster, slightly higher than expected. Company o3 is operational.
▪ The grid automation q3 has increased slightly, with a break-down of the business climate from 20 years onward. h1 grid automation and engineering panels have remained largely at the same level as +0.4 per cent, and o3 is expected to grow by a few digits, with a slight acceleration. The grid investment is expected to remain robust this year, with virtually flat investment targets throughout the year.
And the energy Internet is a structural focus, and the country’s power grid automation sub-operation is characterized by a high-intensity continuity of electricity grids and a high increase in telecommunications. H1 revenues are equal to +35%, with an expected q3 increase. The 2020 work plan focuses on the deployment of electricity grids, the June national network.
The project, including the data center, has led to income growth and a significant increase in the Māori rate. Nanxi is now bidding for information on the grid.
About 40 per cent of this share is expected to continue to benefit from a rapid expansion in the beneficiary sector, with a slight improvement in succession and softenness projected for 20-21 years, followed by robust high-pressure operations temporarily under pressure, but a negative shift in the rate of growth, followed by robust business growth, high-pressure pre-period orders completed, and revenue
The National Network and the Political Bureau have emphasized the deployment of high-pressure approvals for the start of work over the past 20 years, and the construction schedule has been down by two straight-fives this year, while three additional direct streames are expected to enter pre-research, increasing the continuity of the direct stream project.
Slip, but with 19 years of consistently high rates of winning high-pressure projects, and with subsequent prospect of a gradual re-opening of the bidding process, I.E.N.R. (600406)
The network-based energy-saving equipment finance lease model has worked well, with a continuous high increase in q3; power generation and hydro-environmental improvements 2020-08-31.
Q3 is expected to continue with high growth, steady growth, and the booming cycle.
With a high Māori ratio and a significant profit contribution, the lease is still on order, with long-term profits and growth space. Generator water conservation also ends the downward trend by +39.4 per cent compared to the ratio of H1. q3 is expected to pick up again, with business smoothing down and a clear reversal of the bottom trend, which is expected to grow robustly in the future.
Core support, q3 + 27%, profit + 24%, faster and slightly faster than expected. Company q1-3 achieved $2098 million in electricity network investments, which remained stable throughout the year, and energy Internet was a structural focus.
In the long run, the 14th Five-Year Plan for Electricity is being prepared, and Chairman Mao Wei Ming of the National Network said that during the 14th Five-Year Plan, $6 trillion was expected to be invested in the grid and related industries, and $100 billion over the next three years would be invested in growth and 80 billion by 2025.
Technical bottlenecks, and the rapid development of the energy Internet industry. As a whole, steady growth in grid investment and energy interconnectivity will be strategic priorities.
The speed of grid automation q3 has increased slightly, with a break-down of the business climate cycle starting in 20 years. h1 grid automation and industrial controls have remained almost equal to +0.4%, with o3 expected to grow by a few digits, with a slight acceleration. Investing in the grid is expected to remain robust this year, and structurally, the country’s grid automation sub-operations are starting to break down: 1)
The new generation of dispatch systems began to evolve, and Nanxi continued to dominate; (ii) the new generation of smart meters began with the second batch this year, and is expected to rise at full cost from next year; (iii) the national grid recharge poles were planned with high expectations; and (iv) the deployment of the network focused on the upwards of the landscape from this year onward.
The electricity grid continues to grow, and the information network continues to grow. The ICM H1 income is equal to 35%, with an expected q3 increase. The 2020 work plan focuses on power grid construction, with the National Network's "Digital New Capital" 10 priorities in June, with investment of $24.7 billion and a focus on major data centres, industrial Internet, 5g, etc.
In the area of infrastructure, information-based construction is expected to peak. The company is the central unit behind the national network's “energy Internet” strategy, taking on the role of integration and master packages in the information-based project, which this year, including in the data center, has led to income growth and a significant increase in the Māori rate.
Table 3: Specific elements of the 10 priority construction tasks of the National Network "Digital New Capital", followed by minor improvements in security and simplicity, followed by robust and temporary pressure on super-high-pressure operations, but the super-high-pressure acceleration was a monthly reboot, planning 5 straight 7 to 12 lines, approval of 6 by the end of the 19th year, 20 years of strong national networks and political bureaus on several occasions
The deployment of the super-high pressure to authorize the start of construction has fallen this year, with an additional 3 direct stream expected to enter pre-researchable, increasing the continuity of the direct-flow project. With the current relatively low number of bids, the signing of new singles has declined, but the 19-year high rate of winning the high-pressure project and the expectation that it will be re-opened gradually.
Table 4: In the past, NGS accounted for more than 40% of the direct-flow valves, the network-efficient equipment finance lease model worked well, with a continuous high increase in q3 and the power generation and hydro-environmental substrate reverse, with a rapid increase in q3. The network-efficient equipment finance lease business model was initiated by Nanxi, with rental income taken into account.
“Integration with other” business plates, H1 has doubled, q3 is expected to continue to grow at a consistently high rate, and the Maori rate is high, making a significant contribution to profits, and the lease items are still on a large scale, with much longer-term growth in the profits of the business. The generator water environment also ends the downward trend in H1 at +39.4%, q3 is expected to pick up again, and q3 is expected to move fast.
In the billions of yuan, the cost rate fell by 1.54 percentage points to 13.22% over the period. Of these, sales, management (including R & D), R & D, and Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the China Securities Supervisory Board, already have a securities investment advisory committee.