B. Exact (002475.sz)
The company achieved business income of $22,826 million in 2017, an increase of 66 per cent. The company achieved a net profit of $1,691 million attributable to its parent shareholders, resulting in rapid growth in the performance of non-consumptive electronics.
In 2017, business income was 22,826 million yuan, an increase of 66 per cent over the previous year, and in recent years the company’s operating income has been growing at a rapid rate, rising at a high rate in 2017. In all quarters, business income has been growing faster, with the fastest increase in q1.
The company achieved a net return profit of 1.691 billion yuan, a 46 per cent increase in the same year, and a non-returned net profit of 46 per cent. The net return profit and the non-returned profit of q4 were increased faster in each quarter and higher in the non-recurring profit of q4, leading to a 5 per cent increase in the non-repatriated net profit of the same year.
The increase in financial costs was mainly due to exchange rate fluctuations, loss of exchange and interest on loans. The Māori rate showed an upward trend, q3 declined and q4 increased.
Computer-connected products, auto-connected products, communications-interconnected products, consumer electronics, other connectors and others, respectively, generated business revenues of 43.48, 11.31, 16.54, 151.88, 5.04 billion yuan, thereby consolidating existing advantages and expanding areas of business.
In 2018, the company will adhere to the strategy of “old customers, new products, old products, new customers” and consolidate its dominance in computers and their surroundings, consumer electronics, and further expand its markets in areas such as automobiles, communications. In consumer electronics, the company will strengthen new businesses such as antennas, motors, wireless charging, etc.
The company’s combined capacity for research and development, scale production, quality assurance, flexible delivery, and problem-solving is recognized by large clients, and large customer orders continue to be an important driver of the company’s performance growth. At the same time, companies will exercise strict control over capital.
This expenditure, optimizes the management of accounts receivable and inventories, improves the efficiency of the use of funds and, according to strategic needs, uses a variety of financing instruments to meet the financial needs of companies that have strong R & D and quality assurance capabilities and high-quality customer resources and are well placed to take advantage of the company's present position.
Business extensions and increased profitability on an ongoing basis. Profit forecasting and investment proposals. Large clients ' orders fall short of expected risks; research and development progress short of expected risks; and exchange rate fluctuations.
The company achieved business income of $22,826 million in 2017, an increase of 66 per cent over the same year. The company achieved net profits of $1,691 million attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, net profits of $1,437 million withheld from the parent, and, again, consumer electronics led to rapid growth.
In 2017, business income was 22,826 million yuan, an increase of 66 per cent over the previous year, and in recent years corporate business income has been growing at a rapid rate, rising to a high level in 2017. Business income has been growing faster in each quarter, at a rate of 1 billion yuan, or 34 per cent over the same period. Non-recurrent gains and losses of 253 million yuan, an increase of 169 million yuan over the same period.
The net profit from both lubricant and non-mortality increases faster and q4 non-recurring gains and losses are higher, resulting in net profit from non-mortality increasing by only 0.63 percentage points on a year-on-year basis. The increase in financial costs is mainly due to exchange rate changes resulting in loss on exchange and interest on borrowings.
In the first two quarters, the Māori ratio of companies showed an upward trend, with a fall in q3 and an increase in q4. Net interest rates remained largely stable.
In 2017, companies continued to expand into new business areas, resulting in rapid growth in business income. Companies made rapid breakthroughs in the consumption of new electronics, raising their share of total revenue to 67%.
The short-term profitability of companies has been challenged by the cost pressures associated with financial inputs and mass landslides, coupled with a reference to the loss of some of their assets in terms of impairment. Companies have managed to mitigate these pressures to some extent through cost control, process optimization, and module automation, which have led to a rapid increase in profits.
In 2018, the company will pursue its strategy of “old customers, new products, old products, new customers” and consolidate its niche in computers and their surroundings, consumer electronics, and further expand its markets in the areas of automobiles, communications, etc. In consumer electronics, the company will intensify its research and development on new business such as antennas, motors, wireless charging, and improve product preparation and upgrading of acoustic products.
The company’s combined capacity for R & D, scalding production, quality assurance, flexible delivery, and problem solving is recognized by large clients, and large client orders remain an important driver of growth in the company’s performance. At the same time, the company will exercise strict control over capital spending, optimize accounts receivable and inventory management, and improve the efficiency of the use of funds, according to strategic needs.
Flexibility in the use of various financing instruments to meet corporate finance needs. Companies have strong R & D and quality assurance capabilities, high-quality customer resources, and are well placed to maintain business extensions and enhance profitability on an existing basis.
iv. Profit predictions and investment proposals, large client orders below expectations; R & D progress below expectations; and exchange rate volatility risk. Wang Fenghua: Master of Arts (M.A.) at the Chinese People’s University, currently President of the United Securities Institute. 20 years in the field of vendor research, has been a student in securities research.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.