In Europe, where there is full-scale energy, multiple advantages are shaped by the dominant position, and in the context of the slowdown in real estate growth, the competitive pattern of the home sector is constantly improving.
Performance is more certain, and it is constantly based on such advantages as products and channels that it consolidates its leader. It will be a leader in the future in a growing, customized home.
In 2006 and 2010, there was an expansion of baths, closets, and wooden doors. For the last five years, kitchens/sellers/baskets/cargos, the bulk operating income was 2.68 billion in 2020 and 41.9 per cent in the last five years, and the company’s revenue grew by 8.9 per cent in 2020, depending on the performance of such operations as closets and majors.
Full production capacity guarantees development, and the multi-dimensional product structure builds core advantages. The company’s national chemical-capable layout supports expansion and efficiency.
The company’s multi-brand strategy also kept the industry in the lead, and in 2020, the O’Hara single shop earned more than any other company in the industry, thanks to the support of high-quality distributors.
For 927,000 yuan, the three-year compound growth rate is 25.9%, reflecting a growing market recognition of new brands.
In addition, the company made a long-term cooperation agreement with high-quality real estate providers, such as Paulie and Green City, which generated $2.68 billion in revenue in 2020, an increase of 24.1 per cent, or 18.2 per cent.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.
1. Actively expand the size of the industry, sit on the line of 1.1 products, build the brand name
The company was founded in 1994 and is primarily engaged in personal design, R & D, production, marketing, installation, and interior decoration services, and is a leading one-stop house-to-house integrated service provider in the country. The company’s early distribution of products channels, fully enjoying industrial dividends and occupying a leading position in the industry, according to managers in 2021.
In 2020, companies achieved sales revenues of $14.74 billion, an increase of 8.9 per cent, a net profit of $2.06 billion, an increase of 12.1 per cent, a growth of $14.4 billion, a growth of 48.0 per cent, a net profit of $2.11 billion, a growth of 45.7 per cent, in the first three quarters of 2021.
The company was the first home-based company to have a multi-grade layout, to develop custom kitchens since its inception, and to enter military baths, closets and wooden gates in 2003, 2006 and 2010, respectively, with product operations growing rapidly after their establishment, at a rate of RMB 1 billion, or 39.2 per cent; to earn 740 million yuan, or 5.0 per cent; and to earn $770 million, or 5.2 per cent more.
By covering consumer demand, the company is expected to continue to enjoy the benefits of industry dividends and brand power based on the advantages of pre-positioning products and brand power. Moving toward large-scale operations, dressing operations, etc. The company entered early, establishing partnerships with prominent real estate providers such as Huanko, Paulie, etc.
By 2020, the company’s distributors’ channel revenue was $11.18 billion, or 75.9%, and the company’s direct shop revenue was $40.0 billion, with a high concentration of equity and long-term stability in the equity structure. The company’s real control of Yao Liangzon was born in 1964 and successfully intervened in 1994 to cook.
As of December 2021, Yao Liangsong held 66.2% of the shares of the company, and together with his brother Yao Liangbak, 74.7% of the shares of the company. High concentration and long-term stability ensured high policy enforcement.
In the company’s operations, the management team focuses on the main business, the quality of the farm, the quality of the product, the quality of the service, the expansion of marketing channels, and the firm’s branding.
The company’s recent options incentive scheme is expected to stimulate performance growth. The company’s first equity incentive, target, issued in 2017. 510 people, including middle-level managers and core technologists, granted 5.368,000 options at $146.97/equity prices and set aside periods.
The development of European families over 27 years can be divided into single-product, multi-product extension and multi-brand cover periods. Phase I (1994-2005) single-product deep-farming: companies focus on kitchen products in the start-up phase, expanding their operations.
The number of retail outlets, while taking the lead in entering the real estate counters market, expanded its operations through multiple channels. In 2000, the company earned over $100 million. By 2002, the company had more than 300 special stores throughout the country, with retail outlets already in place.
During this period, the real estate market was growing at a high rate, driving home demand to rise rapidly, giving the company greater scope for development. The company went to the military baths, closets, and wooden gates in 2003, 2006 and 2010, respectively, and was successfully marketed in 2017 to raise funds for further expansion.
The third stage (2018-to date) of multi-brand coverage: as the real estate market moves into the saturation phase, companies roll out multi-brand strategies and increase the volume market to build a multidimensional growth curve. In 2015, the company launched its sub-brand “Opery” – the main price-for-money product.
In 2021, the company introduced the brand "Star House" for value-for-money. The company developed products that did not match price levels to cover consumer demand further and secure its leader.
The high growth in corporate sales revenues was due mainly to higher growth in the real estate sector, rapid growth in the household sector, the company as the leader of the industry, the share of dividends in real estate growth, and higher income growth.
The growth in engineering and out-of-cooking operations led to a negative growth in corporate incomes in 2020. Even the growth in the new housing market declined in 2018-2020.
On the one hand, with the rapid increase in the proportion of ready-to-use houses, the company’s business growth has been rapid, with the company fully enjoying the benefits of pre-package. On the other hand, the company’s rapid growth in out-of-cooking operations has contributed significantly to the company’s overall performance. In 2020, revenue from bulk business was $2.68 billion, or 18.2 per cent, an increase of 24.1 per cent, compared to $2.63 billion in the three quarters of 2021.
This represents a 43.9 per cent increase in the same year, with a closet revenue of $5.77 billion, or 39.2 per cent, in 2020, an 11.7 per cent increase in the same year, a rapid increase in the volume of revenue from the bathing business, from the outside of the closet and the bulk of the business, and a negative growth in corporate sales revenue in 2020.
As companies are affected by changes in product and channel structure, we expect that the company’s future Māori rate will show a moderate and moderate decline. Companies’ net profits are growing rapidly, and net interest rates are at the forefront of the industry. Companies achieved net profits of RMB 2.06 billion in 2020, an increase of 12.1%.
The net profit rate remained stable in the first three quarters of 2021 in the face of a significant decline in the Māori rate, reflecting good corporate control over fees and expected future profitability to remain stable.
1.4.3 Reduction in the cost of marketing and overall improvement in the cost of marketing The overall rate of sales has improved significantly, and the overall rate has been optimized year by year. In 2020, the cost of corporate sales was 7.8 per cent, a decrease of 1.9 per cent compared to 2019, and management costs were 6.5 per cent, a decrease from the previous two years. On the one hand, because of the rising share of corporate operations and the investment rate of large operating costs.
By contrast, companies have increased the efficiency of their spending on zero sales channels since 2019, especially as a result of the 2020 epidemic, and have reduced the cost of advertising. The overall cost rate for the first three quarters of 2021 was 2.7 pct, reflecting a strong corporate control capacity.
The cost capacity is increasing, and the overall cost of the company is declining year by year. 2. Real estate growth is stable, household patterns are optimized, and the size of the 2.1-household industry is gradually stabilizing.
The growth rate in the household sector has slowed. There is a lag between the development of the household sector and the real estate sector, with the sales of new housing markets amounting to RMB 90,119 billion between 2017 and 2020, a 6.0% decline in the corresponding period.
Figure 22. Trends in the number of enterprises in the residential sector near saturated (unit: home) 2.2 and in second-hand rooms, steady growth in the size of the kitchen and wood doors 2.2.1 and accelerated layout of the head
As the ratio of ready-to-use houses rises, home companies are facing great opportunities to develop engineering channels and improve overall performance. According to Oviunnet, the penetration rate has increased from 12% in 2016 to 31% in 2020. In the medium and long term, the penetration rate will increase significantly.
There are three main reasons for the significant increase in the penetration rate of ready-to-use buildings: The government is pushing for a massive increase. The government has long advocated for the general use of fine-up to save production materials, avoid the disruption of structures, waste, and harassment by secondary renovations, and has frequently put in place policies to support fine-to-do renovations.
The improvement model provides consumers with an integrated experience, and the real estate provider needs a refined model to demonstrate service levels and enhance brand value. Because of the length of the chain of household services, the workload of pre-sale services and the long post-sale maintenance cycle, most of the service lines are long.
In addition to the procurement process, some real estate producers, by creating subsidiaries, have a direct control over the quality of their products, such as the Green City, the Bézione Gardens, etc., where similar subsidiaries provide a sophisticated business. 3) Consumer concepts change. As the rhythm of life changes, consumers move towards a simple way of life, and “infiltration” becomes a promise.
Many consumers’ basic needs are represented by young consumers, and there are fewer and fewer traditional models of sub-line selection for individual remodeling, especially in two-line cities. Together, these three reasons have contributed to higher penetration rates, which, according to Ovie Clouds, are expected to continue at a rate that will continue to grow in the future.
The rise in appliance rates provides an opportunity for the expansion of customized home leaders. The rapid rise in appliance rates means that engineering ends are expanding rapidly, providing an opportunity for customized home leaders to expand. First, custom home-based products are flexible, personalized, and well matched to the needs of real estate providers. Second, real estate providers have a higher demand for custom home branding, leading companies with high quality products and so on.
Engineering quality is expected to compete for more high-quality orders. The rise in the concentration ratio means that top tob will be an important part of the income of home-based companies, which may have a certain impact on retail outlets, but we believe that industry leaders rely on deep collaboration with real estate providers, combined with the applications of engineering letters, to speed up the conversion of engineering orders and achieve a qualitative improvement in the quantity and speed of product delivery.
2.2.2 Second-hand house trends highlight the rapid growth of second-hand house transactions, which are expected to remain high in the future. Stock-stock real-estate transactions are on the rise, with the ratio of second-hand rooms to new ones.
The increase in the number of second-hand houses has increased rapidly in recent years, and two main reasons are highlighted: 1) the emerging demand for new homes. The rate of urbanization in the country has reached 63.9 per cent and is rising year by year, but there is still a gap between the rate of urbanization of more than 80 per cent in developed countries such as Japan and the United States, and when 70 per cent of the urbanized population is expected to add 190 million people to the urban housing needs.
At the same time, the proportion of the population in urban households in 2020 was only 45.4%, which means that some of the urban population consists of expatriate workers, students, etc., and is expected to turn into housing needs in the future, and that the volume of second-hand market transactions is expected to be active. 2) The output effect of new housing during the period of rapid growth is evident.
At the same time, most of our stock was built within 20 years, with 42% of our stock in 2020 coming from 2000-2009 and 17% from 2010 onwards, corresponding to the high rate and steady growth of the real estate sector. So the demand for second-hand houses is supported by supply in the next few years.
The size of the home-based market is expected to grow steadily. The overall size of the home-based market, with products such as kitchen cabinets, closets, wooden doors, etc., has a larger market space, and is expected to increase further in the future as the number of house sales increases and the prices of products increase steadily.
One hundred million yuan, or 58,72 billion yuan in woodgate space, is expected to exceed $390 billion in 2025, of which 15,657.0 billion is in kitchen cabinets, 15,98.1 million is in closets and 75,760 million is in woodgates. The size of the future domestic market is expected to remain flat, with the trend of over 2.3 product categories and dressing, and custom taps are expected to break down.
2.3.1 The trend towards customization shows a rapid increase in concentration. Customized homes are expected to continue to rise in line with the trend of the times.
1) Saves housing space and gives consumers more choice. As the trend towards consumption rises, consumers move from pursuing basic functions and quality to personalizing and experientizing.
The use of flexible production methods, i.e. production levels determined in accordance with market demand, avoids the pressure of large stocks, which, in the “sales” model, speed up the capital turnover of home-based companies, thereby enabling them to expand their operations better. At the same time, soft production methods have forced companies to improve their efficiency and quality of services, which have contributed well to the development of their industries.
While customization has a certain advantage for consumers and producers, and while the custom home sector has been growing at a high rate in recent years, our custom home penetration is still at a low level owing to relatively high prices. As our country continues to experience rising per capita consumption in the industry, custom home penetration is expected to continue to grow steadily in the future.
The concentration of customized household products has increased rapidly. Customized households have grown faster in recent years, reaching 21.9 per cent in 2016-2020, while the total revenue of customized home-based companies rose by 6.5 per cent in 2015, and the industry increased by 11.1 per cent in 2020, with closets by only 6.8 per cent in 2015 and 14.0 per cent in 2020, with a certain increase in the concentration of both products, but there is still much room for improvement in the future.
The concentration of the household sector is expected to continue to rise as the flagship companies continue to grow on the engineering and retail ends, and by creating a brand of high quality products that widens the gap with other companies.
As consumer consumption levels and awareness changes, multi-producer speculations, leading companies build multi-product matrices based on channel brand advantages to cover consumer demand. Intra-industry leading companies continue to introduce new products, cover the “cook bath door” category, and continue to roll new brands based on the “cooker bath door” to cover multi-consumption consumption.
Europoles, as industry leaders, developed multi-types ahead of schedule, new brands, companies completed multi-grade expansion in 2010, and a multi-brand cover was established in 2015. Corporate-wide and multi-brand strategies will further reduce the survival space of small and medium-sized enterprises and expand their own market share.
In recent years, the pattern has emerged, not only in line with the trends in the industry, but also in the use of second-hand rooms.
In part, there are higher requirements for the construction of a company’s supply chain, operational efficiency, and design levels, while small and medium-sized firms are unable to expand their cleaning operations because of their funding and supply chain constraints, and the logic of leading companies’ rising market position is evident. Euro-based firms are responding to industry trends, building up highly well-tailored and European-based excellence-extracting operations, and are at the top of the industry’s ranks.
Continued investment, improved industrial chains, increased cost advantages and increased brand visibility and acceptance, enhanced retail outlets growth, and expansion of Figure 36. Customized flagship companies gradually expanded from soft to dress operations 3. Adequate productive capacity to secure development, and multi-dimensional product structures built on core advantages
The output indicators are more important for the expansion of home-based firms, mainly because companies need sufficient capacity to deal with sales and engineering emergencies.
70.0 million units with an overall closet capacity of more than 1,847,000 units, an overall bath capacity of more than 459,000 units, and an overall wooden door capacity of more than 632,000 units, compared to other companies in the custom-based industry, where the production capacity of the company ' s products is significantly ahead, and where adequate production and distribution support companies match overall business demand to provide strong support for performance growth.
In July 2021, the company built a Chinese smart manufacturing base in Wuhan, gradually creating a national, full-product production base in the “central north-east and north-west” with a radius of about 500 km each, with a total of five bases with a total area of over 2.5 million square metres, covering two-line cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Chengdu, and others.
Field-type production and distribution of the company ' s national chemical energy can help improve the efficiency of product transport and overall performance, and help to improve the quality of services and overall brand power. 3.2 Downsliding markets consolidate the advantages of channels and help enable distributors to build leading shops.
In 2020, the number of company dealers reached 5124, the number of total stores reached 7154, the number of doorkeepers led the business, and the number of second-time Sophies over 2,700. For each product, the company owns 2407 kitchens in the first place in the industry and 2124 in the closet.
The company’s channel advantage has released the “sniffer” effect, which is to increase brand visibility and acceptance by increasing brand visibility and increasing brand influence, thereby bridging the gap with small and medium-sized brands.
Figure 41. The number of retail outlets in the company's kitchen cabinets leads the industry Figure 42. The number of retail outlets in the company's closets is at the forefront of the industry Figure 43.
Companies focus on the quality of distributors and have effective support policies. In addition to maintaining high-speed vendors, companies focus on the quality of distributors. On one side, firms set strict procedures and thresholds for hiring. For example, when a1-level city distributors join the company, they provide a $10 million certificate of funding to protect the financial power of distributors, and well-funded distributors can increase marketing and start-ups, and can place shops in passenger traffic.
On the other hand, the company has an effective support policy that covers the period before the start of business, medium and later periods, including shop operations, planning of activities, training of staff. In addition, the company invests a huge annual subsidy covering samples and renovations, subsidies for outdoor advertising, subsidies for activities, etc., to ease the operating burden for the end.
The overall vendor level, which creates the power of the industry’s leading distributors, provides a solid basis for continuous upgrading of brand power. Figure 45. Firms set strict recruitment thresholds. Chart 46. Firms set strict recruitment processes.
High-quality distributors make up the front line and promote balanced growth in multi-species. There is an increase in the number of large shops, thanks to the strong power of distributors. From the market layout of Red Star Mekelon and others, corporate distributors generally have several times the size of small- and medium-sized brands. Large stores help distributors to add a variety of exhibits, optimize their presence, and visitors can feel the beauty of their products more openly.
In 2020, the company made about 1.65 million yuan in the kitchen and $1.88 million in the closet, all of which were in the forefront of the industry. At the same time, the company’s income was more balanced than that of its peers, reflecting the advantages of the company’s branding of new products.
Co-development has given a strong impetus to the rise in single-store revenue, creating a corporate leader.
Figure 50. Corporate income per product is more evenly balanced by 3.3. The company builds a brand matrix to match multiple categories of consumer groups.
In May 2015, the company launched the sub-brand “Opery” with the young fashion route as the starting point for the new generation. In 2020, the company launched the “Phannes” to locate Italy’s home of high-priced, high-value, high-value urban elites pursuing quality and experience. In 2021, the company launched the brand “Star House”, which is price-fixing.
As of 2020, O'Hara's revenue stood at $860 million, or 5.9%, with multi-brand layouts leading the competition, and new brand acceptances rising rapidly. Most competitors in the industry have now completed multi-product multi-channel expansion, but not multi-brand coverage, and companies are expected to take advantage of markets like the general public through pre-arrangement and by relying on the main brand product channel.
As of 2020, Ophori's single shop had earned about $927,000, with a three-year compound growth rate of 25.9%, reflecting a rapid increase in the product power and market acceptance of Audrey. We believe that other new brands of the company are expected to follow the example of Ophori's rapid release, taking up market shares from multiple dimensions, and further consolidating the company's dominant position.
4. Strategic uplifting of retail outlets, high growth of engineering pipelines 4.1 Strategic promotion of product integration, increased retail upscaling 4.1.1 Promotion of residential strategies and expansion of door-to-door operations
Because of the strong power of distributors, the company has steadily advanced its strategy to promote product flow. The company has expanded the scope of its own business by introducing a variety of shops such as Europa cabinets plus high-end kitchen customists, Europa closets plus high-end house-wide customization, and Europai baths plus high-end showers customize, an initiative that expands the shop space and service radius to better consumers.
A good basis for coordinated development of the various product groups through the promotion of product flows.
The company builds a brand of industry-led kitchen cabinets. The company has worked through the entire cabinet for many years, bringing its size and branding to the top of the industry.
In terms of design styles, companies have entered into strategic alliances with top designers in the country, such as design studios and Italy, to build different styles of cooking cabinets. In the case of materials, companies have continuously upgraded their panels and introduced industry leaders. In 2021, the company introduced a second major upgrade of the plates and introduced a clean ellipse antibacter core plate, which was widely recognized in the market.
In 2020, the cooker business generated $6.60 billion, ranked first in line, with a combined growth rate of 9.5% over the last five years, and a steady growth in the size of its operations.
The quality of dealers is constantly being optimized, such as the 1,000-point validation mechanism, and high-quality dealers with strong assets and management skills are being found. The ratio of public-sector kitchens and closets has increased significantly from 5.9 to 16.9 per cent between 2018 and 2020, and the ratio of closets to closets has been raised from 2.4 to 23.2 per cent.
As the shop's quality continues to be optimized, the company takes advantage of its multi-disposals, and the product is tied up for sale, raising the value of the guest list. In recent years, the company has been determined to implement the concept of integrated cooking power, adding smokers, stoves, water cleaners, etc. to the base of the original single kitchen product.
We believe that a company’s tied-up marketing strategy is expected to gain a competitive price comparative advantage and promote higher sales of kitchen cabinets.
Water cleaners, energy-integrated products, are expected to drive the retail end of the kitchen. Given the advantages of high-colouring, high-priced, easyness of integrated products, demand is expected to rise rapidly, business such as corporate energy-integrated stoves. In 2021, the company set up the Integrated Cooking Enterprise, which is now six in number.
Integrated stoves are built together with integrated water tanks, refrigerators, washing machines, etc., to lead the new way of life in the kitchen. The integrated kitchens created by the Department have brought together more than 50 high-quality products from around the world, with multiple functions such as catering, washing, cooking, collecting, and quality.
Accept, drive the retail end of the kitchen business to accelerate again. Figure 62. Europa integrated kitchen leads the new model. Chart 61. Europa integrated stove.
Figure 63. Integrated kitchens bring together a wide range of high-quality global products. 4.1.3 Expanding house-wide definitions.
There has been rapid growth and convergence towards the size of the kitchen business. The products of the company’s closets fully enjoy the excellent quality of their products, adding port and French styles to their design styles, matching more demand with competitors like Sofia, and increasing product acceptance. In 2020, the closet business generated $5.77 billion, the second largest compound growth in the industry, at 34.0% in the last five years, with a high growth rate.
In 2021, the company created an integrated marketing model for "Cutting Cores + Packages + Wall Walls" by adding wallpapers, walls, etc. to the traditional six core spaces of entry, restaurant, living room, living room, bedroom, functional room, balcony, etc.
We believe that the implementation of the company’s “integrated marketing” strategy is expected to drive the closet business to keep up the pace. Figure 66. The company enriches the closets and expands the definition of the whole house.
4.1.4 The beneficial products flow, the rapid growth of the wooden baths benefit from the residential strategy and the rapid growth of the bath business. The company’s bath business started earlier, but did not develop on a larger scale, mainly because of the large differences between the technical routes and the company’s original cabinet business.
In 2020, the amount of revenue from the bath was 740 million yuan, and in 2016-2020, the compound growth rate was 37.9 per cent, with a steady increase in the quality of the bath and a clear trend in the population.
With the late start of the woodgate business, the income is relatively small, but in recent years the company has been working hard to increase subsidies for shop openings, promotions, etc., and has contributed to a rapid increase in the number of doors. The number of wooden doors rose rapidly from 634 in 2017 to 1,065 in 2020. In addition, the company has carefully designed woodgate products to further improve the colour of the closets with the kitchen.
It is expected that the fast-growing baths and wooden gates will continue to grow at a high rate and will continue to increase their share, which will have a positive effect on the growth of total corporate income.
In recent years, the company has been active in generating a market share of its products. The company has used a multi-channel layout to expand and channel its production. For the past five years, the Department has been active in developing engineering channels as an important complement to retail outlets.
An annual compound growth rate of 41.9 per cent is expected to support a rapid growth in corporate income in large and rapidly growing businesses, while raising the exposure of the company ' s products, light and slogans, and raising brand influence.
Guangzhou Hunting Village Renovation Project with Fat Pauli Champagne International, South Ning Paley Aegean Sea
The city of Hälin, Guangzhou, has a strategic cooperation agreement with a number of high-quality real estate providers.
At the same time, the bulk of the company’s business now accounts for more than 60% of the project’s revenue in 2020.
As a result of the accelerated import of services such as the Cartoon Guard baths, it is expected that the share of off-the-shelf products in engineering channels will increase gradually, with a stronger boost to the size of the bulk business, the rapid growth of the bulk business will help the company to expand its market share and consolidate its leadership position.
4.3.1 Promotes the development of plastics, with a far-reaching lead in business, and is expected to keep up with high-speed growth. The company leads the fashion flow, expands the client base through hard-loading.
In 2021, H1 built up into a fast-track development drive, and in 2021, the volume of business receipts exceeded 1 billion and accelerated. We expect to release further performance in 2021, pulling up retail end-of-business. Figure 75. The company's launch of the Starhouse, which is a two-wing-driven drive.
4.3.2 Establishment of Euro-Eurasian excellence, multi-dimensional upgrading of company capabilities Establishment of Euro-Eurasian-Eurasian condensation and extension of operations. July 2021, the company set up an eco-chain supply platform, the Euro-Eurasian-Emergency Refurbishment Company.
On the one hand, with the increasing bargaining power of European elites, companies are expected to reap cost-side benefits. On the other hand, the increased visibility and acceptance of European elites is expected to increase corporate brand visibility and overall brand power.
Figure 77. Euro-Engineers United top world-class suppliers
Kitchen business: Revenue from the company ' s kitchen business consists mainly of retail end-to-end revenue and bulk business revenue, and is expected to grow by $74.6/84.5/93.9 million in 2021-2023, respectively, as well as improved management by the company ' s distributors and the layout of the company ' s bulk business, as well as improved management by the company ' s dealerships.
And the company’s layout of its bulk business is expected to generate revenues of $7.688/92.3.1085 billion in 2021-2023, respectively, compared to the increase in the same amount in the same year The bath industry: due to its small size, the bath industry is still growing at a high rate and is expected to sustain the increase in the future by relying on the product flow of the kitchen cabinet.
Māori ratio: The company ' s Māori ratio continues to decline slightly as the share of large businesses continues to increase, taking into account the ratio of sanitary baths to wooden doors, and the fact that we have chosen domestic custom-based firms as comparable companies, while the company is expected to earn a net profit of $2.74 billion in 2021, and the current market value is becoming more competitive with the industry: as the property dividend disappears, competition within the custom-based sector grows stronger, with some impact on large businesses, etc.
Price volatility of raw materials: raw materials are a major component of the company’s cost and, if fluctuations occur in the future, may create a multi-producer expansion of the company’s Māori ratio that is not expected: the company’s simultaneous performance of cooking cabinets, closets, wooden doors, guard baths, etc., shapes a multi-dimensional growth curve, if in the future.
Multi-goods strategies have not developed as expected and may have a direct impact on corporate income growth.