Recently, Heconway released the 2018 performance report: in 2018, the company collected 49.810 billion yuan.
18.86 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies were realized at $11.336 billion, or 20.46 per cent over the same period. 18 years of revenue collection, steady growth in performance and strong management of operations \triangleright
In a more complex context, corporate revenue collection and performance have continued to grow steadily, highlighting the fact that companies operate in the domestic market, government bid data are active, domestic security demand is warming, and industry fundamentals are showing signs of marginal improvement.
In overseas markets, companies are committed to building a global marketing service system, marketing services networks are improving, product markets abroad are gaining influence, and single markets are less volatile.
Collections will maintain a steady growth trend, and the income structure will remain stable. Security smartness penetration will continue to rise, industry growth will continue unabated, and the rapid development of the ai technology will facilitate the intellectualization of security products and open up new opportunities for growth in the security sector.
The company continues to deepen its reach in the field of intelligence, and smart products that are now represented by the “sight” series of smart cameras, the “god” series of smart traffic products, the “thinking” series of smart servers, the “sight” series of smart channels have been widely used in government markets, in business markets and in consumer markets.
At 20 to 45 times the pe(tm) range, the current valuation is still at a low level, with the first coverage, with less than expected 1 and less security industry: 2 and less intelligent penetration than expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.