One is that the Ningxia regional company, which was transferred last September, will no longer be included in the merger, and the other is that the coal plate income will fall in the same proportion. The main reason for the increase in net profits from the company’s return is that the price of fuel will fall in the same proportion.
2023h1 company combined coal intake price of $944.40 per ton, a decrease of $23.82 per ton from the previous year; and second, Ningxia regional company, which was transferred last September, is no longer included in the merger. Coal prices remain low, and there is still room for further improvement in coal electricity profitability.
Keeping high levels, the supply of imported coal has increased significantly on a year-on-year basis, the demand for non-electric coal has fallen short of expectations, stocks are at historically high levels, coal supply and demand have shifted from tight balance to easing, and coal prices have fluctuated.
The construction of new sources of energy is continuing, and the project resources are well-stocked. 2023h1, the company's new energy suit, wind power, photovoltaic new energy, has a cumulative load of 123,226 kilowatts, of which wind power, light, and wind power are present.
The new energy-in-progress project has a capacity of 620.01 million kilowatts, of which 102.63 kilowatts are for wind and power, mainly in the Zhejiang, Yunnan and Jiangxi regions, and 517.38 kilowatts are for light and mainly in the Xinjiang, Tianjin and Zhejiang regions. In addition, the company continues to expand its resources for new energy projects and intercept them.
National electricity (600795.sh) - Net profits have increased significantly, and profitability has increased significantly. The company’s large-scale construction projects and sufficient reserves of resources for new energy projects will drive steady growth in its performance as future construction projects and reserve projects move forward.
Poor access to water; changes in industrial policy; small decline in operating income, resulting in an increase in net return to the mother. 2023h1, the company achieved $8,835.2 million (-3.08 per cent), net return to the mother, $2,988 million (+30.37 per cent) and net profit not attributable to the mother, 2,691 million.
Summer regional companies are no longer included in the merger; second, coal plate revenues are falling on a year-on-year basis. The main reasons for the increase are the lower fuel prices on a year-on-year basis, the combined coal bid price of 2023h1 was 944.40 yuan per ton, a decrease of 23.82 yuan per ton on a year-on-year basis; and second, the Ningxia regional company, which was transferred last September, no longer paying.
The net profit from coal power, photovoltaics to the mother has increased significantly, and wind to the mother has decreased slightly. For splits, 2023h1, the company’s net profit from coal plates has been 1.317 billion yuan (+414.45 per cent) and the burner plates have been net from the mother, with an increase of 137 pct compared, mainly due to lower coal prices, which have had a negative impact on the cost of electricity and on the price of electricity.
In terms of cost rates, 2023h1, the company ' s financial cost rate and management cost rates were 3.78%, 1.10%, the financial cost rate was 0.44 pct less than the same rate, the management cost rate was 0.18 pc more than the same rate, and the overall cost rate level was slightly lower. During the same period, the net interest rate of the company increased over the same period, as a result of an increase in the Māori rate and a slight decrease in the cost rate level.
Figure 6: Changes in the three cost ratios of electricity in the country rose by roe, with a decrease in net operating cash flows. 2023h1, benefiting from higher net interest rates, the company rose by roe, an increase of 1.29 pct to 6.40% over the same period in 2022.
The cash flow was 1,459 million yuan, a decrease of 29.88 per cent in the same year, mainly due to a decline in revenues from the same year, and the tax revenues received. Coal prices remained low, and there was room for further improvement in the profitability of coal. Since 2023, domestic coal supply has remained high, the supply of imported coal has increased significantly on a par, the demand for non-electric coal has fallen short of expectations, and stocks have been in history.
At high levels, coal supply and demand have shifted from a tight balance to easing, and coal prices have fluctuated. At present, domestic ports and power plants have maintained high levels of electricity storage, and both spot and imported coal prices are low, contributing to a further increase in public coal profits.
New energy construction is continuing and the project's resource reserves are adequate. 2023h1, the company's new energy loader, wind power, photovoltaic new energy aggregates 1232.26 million kW, of which wind power and photovoltaics are 767.29 and 4.6497 kW, respectively. With regard to construction projects, as of June 2023, the company's new energy sources were under construction.
The project has a capacity of 620.01 million kilowatts, of which 102.63 kilowatts of wind and power projects are under construction, mainly in the Zhejiang, Yunnan and Jiangxi regions, and 5,17.38 kilowatts of photovoltaic projects are under construction, mainly in the Xinjiang, Tianjin and Zhejiang regions. In addition, the company has continued to expand its resources for new energy projects, and as of June 2023, the company acquired cumulatively.
New energy resources amounting to 150.095 million kilowatts, new energy capacity of 1175.16 million kilowatts, approved or recorded, with a stroke of 20.36 million kilowatts and a light voltage of 97,454 kilowatts. The company is building projects on a larger scale and has sufficient reserves for new energy projects, and the gradual deployment of future construction projects and reserve projects will drive firm corporate performance.
Since 2023, the south-west region has experienced a low level of precipitation and a significant reduction in precipitation in May and June and in the same proportion of natural sources of water, with a 40 per cent reduction in May and a billion kilowatt hours (-20.12) in June, and 18.35 billion kilowatt hours (-20.20 per cent) of electricity on the Internet.
There has been a significant increase in precipitation in the southern region, a significant improvement in water availability in the river basins, and a substantial increase in corporate hydroelectric power generation expected in the second half of the year, as well as a positive increase in profitability. The author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author