Pacific securities pacificsecurities Winch shares (300498)
Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Winch: The two-dominant industry has a strong three-quarter performance. The company published three-quarterly reports in 2019, and collected $48.308 billion in the first three quarters of 2019.
Chicken profits are higher than expected, and piglets are better off. In 2019, the yellow chicken price rose, with 2019q3 at an average price of 100 million feathers and 2019q3 chicken plates at a flat price higher than 2 billion.
With regard to pig-growing plates, the average price of the company ' s sales in the third quarter was approximately $21 - 22/kg, with a profit of $5 - 6/kg, with a combined profit of 3,757 thousand born pigs in the third quarter, and a rise in the ring ratio of productive biological assets, guaranteeing a steady increase in pig-births by 2020.
By the end of the third quarter, the company's productive biological assets stood at 3,844 million, 17.17 per cent more than by the end of the second quarter. The company increased its selection of the three-dollar compost pig for seeding.
The level of immunization has been gradually rising, and the company will be guaranteed a steady increase in the number of pigs born in 2020.3 The consumer season + production capacity has continued to decline, pig chicken prices have risen again four quarters, and performance has been dramatic, with the arrival of the previous season and the growth of pig production continuing to decline, with the price of 2019q4 pigs.
Gells will continue to rise, and companies are expected to make more than $2,200 in profits, with a significant increase in profitability. At the same time, with high meat prices, the alternative role of chicken to pork shows that the price of chicken will rise simultaneously, and the advantages of the company's dual ownership will be highlighted, with performance in the fourth quarter.
1. Risk of a major outbreak: large-scale diseases such as non-continental pigpest or avian flu occur during livestock farming, leading to the death of livestock and a greater negative impact on the consumption mentality of the population at large, leading to shrinking market demand, thus affecting the productivity of industry and related enterprises
2. Prices are not as high as expected: there is a significant decline or increase in animal meat prices below the increase in costs, affecting the profitability of industries and related companies, and there is a risk that future performance will not be sustained or even reduced.
Risk of price volatility of raw materials: Production and prices of major raw materials and agricultural products used by companies to produce and operate are more affected by uncontrollable factors such as weather and market conditions, which, if volatile in future prices of major raw materials, will affect the profits of industries and related companies
4. Listing of non-pest vaccine: Effective listing of non-pest vaccine will fundamentally disrupt the spread of non-pest disease, the pace of degenerative capacity will be affected, and the price of pigs may not rise as expected.
Xiaodong Xiaodong Xing: Joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in 2008 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries sector.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.