The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services, without fear of a surge in the epidemic, achieved business income of 1,326 million yuan a quarter, an increase of 51.0 per cent a year, and a net profit of 154 million yuan to the mother.
The business search rebounded, with a year-on-year rise in two consecutive quarters. The company sold 4.62 million pieces of light module throughout 2019, an increase of 9.48 per cent in the same year and a decrease of 7.32 per cent in revenue, indicating an increase in competition at a slower pace of demand, especially in the public sector.
The Department’s main product, the 100g light module, increased its output at a rate lower than the price decline. Quarterlyly, after a round of q1 harvests in 2019 and a single-season profit, the company’s operations increased by three consecutive quarters, with the first year-on-year increase recorded in q4 in 2019. q1 achieved a collection of yoy + 51.44 per cent in 2020.
The recovery in demand is reflected in a strong recovery in net return profits of yoy + 54.43%. During the reporting period, companies continued to strengthen their operations.
Product markets have risen steadily, with 400g products leading, with a global share expected to be more than 50 per cent; 5g pre-light modules, especially 10 km products, gaining a leading market share in China.
Four hundred-and-five-g telecommunications products are the central driving force for future growth. The warming of the cloud's capital spending is accompanied by the upgrading of the network, with 400g as the first driving force for continued high growth. The fanga+bat eight clouds calculate the combined capital of the giants.
At the same time, companies are ahead of 400g layouts, and market shares are expected to reach a scale deployment period in 2019, where the company’s pre-light module output is expected to increase by 200% on a year-on-year basis. At the same time, the impact of the epidemic on the company’s operations is limited and continues to increase over time.
The company’s main production is now fully recommenced. At the same time, the upstream component parts of the light module products are relatively small, downstream is concentrated in a few cloud computing giants and major equipment dealers, and the supply chain is stronger.
Increased friction in Central American trade; higher competition leading to higher-than-expected price declines; less than expected warming in the North American cloud computing market: 400g module commercial advances are below expectations; silicon light product R & D progress is below expectations.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment