Mid-Sud (300308) Accelerated growth in performance, extended M & As resonance of “telecommunication + dots” events: company annual reports 2019 and one quarterly report 2020. Camp achievement 2019
Some clients experienced a slowdown in capital spending, stock-taking, and other factors, leading to a decline in income and profits throughout the year. However, after entering the third quarter, the company further optimized its business layout, with 100g product demand warming, 400g product start-up, 5g product bulk delivery, corporate income and net income
The profits rebounded steadily in the fourth quarter. Although the 2020 q1 outbreak affected the resumption of work, the company achieved relatively rapid growth, with net profits ranging from 2019 q3 to 2020 q1 at a rate different from the rate of increase, and the 400-g tap will continue to benefit in recent years.
Total equity/flow (million shares) to global cloud producers to accelerate the development of large idc in response to rapid growth in flows, total market value/flow of network equipment (millions)
And the 100-400-g upgrade cycle. From 2019-q3 onwards, the overseas cloud giants have recovered their capital spending significantly, with China moving and Ali trillion investing in cloud infrastructure, which will drive the digital light module into the new air cycle. The company is the 400-g light module leader, and it is expected to capture the north.
Mid-Sud (300308) "Acquisition of storage technology 400 g above US$ and 100 g demand for a stable market opportunity to maintain high growth. Strengthened 5g layout, benefiting "Telecom +"
On April 17, the Department announced its intention to acquire storage technology to enhance telecommunications competitiveness. The company continued to go deep into the 5g market, and various series of specifications for the forward, central and return light modules were imported into the main domestic equipment.
Commercial customers, of which the pre-lighting module of 25g is in the forefront of the industry, upgrading the company ' s position in the domestic telecommunications market.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.