Performance recovery ushered in a new era, with extended acquisitions reinforcing the growth base 17.59 per cent. Income of $1,326 million was achieved in the first quarter of 2020, an increase of 51.44 per cent in the same year, and net profit of $154 million for the mother, an increase of 37.28 per cent in the same year.
Revenues and profits have declined. But the downside effect was more pronounced at the beginning of last year, and after entering the second quarter, the company further optimized its business layout and increased its resilience to risk; and, at the same time, it earned revenue from 100 g from the warming of product demand, 400 g products, bulk delivery of 5g products, etc.
The 2020q1 epidemic delayed the resumption of work, but the company tried to minimize the impact of the epidemic on the company’s production operations. More rapid growth was achieved.
Along with the gradual upwards of 25 g before 5g, and the small amounts of 100 g heating and 400 g, the output of the company’s high-speed product contributed the bulk of the revenue.
Income of 3,601 million, a 3.94 per cent decline in the same year, representing a 75.69 per cent share of income, corresponding to a high rate of Māori performance, a good opportunity to develop in the context of a new capital build-up.
Quarterly performance continued to improve, 5g + 400g Xingyang Xingdong Xingh Xingg Qing Qing Qing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Qing Qing Qing Qing Xing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing X X Xing Xing X X X X Xing X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X Qing X X X X X X Qing Qing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Qing Qing Xing X Xing X X X X X X X X X
Of the 446 million invested, 438 million were invested in Sioux State R & D, an increase of 32.32 per cent over the same period. The Department increased the pace of research and development of new products, silicon light and related items in the next generation.
It's perfected, improved, and pitched; 100 g, 200 g, and so on, it's in the market. It's bought, it's made up, it's made up, it's made up, it's made up, it's made up, it's made up, it's made up, it's made up, it's made up, it's made up, it's made up, it's made up, it's made up, it's made up, it's made up, it's made up, it's made up, it's got, it's got, it's got, it's got, it's got, it's got, it's got, it's got, it's got, it's got, it's got, it's got, it's got, it's got, it's got, it's got.
The company had previously issued an announcement to purchase 67.19 per cent of the stock of the stock of technology at $484 million, and upon completion of the transaction, the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the company would be incorporated into the merger of the company.
We believe that when the acquisition is completed, the company’s performance in the next three years will be enhanced.
The net profits of technology after offsetting non-recurring gains and losses are not less than $30 million, $48 million, 57 million, respectively. The sum of $3.225 million, and $38.3 million, respectively, depends on the sum of the profits of the technology and the company in the direction of R & D of the main products, production, production, product applications, customers, etc.
With different emphasis on household groups, market regions, etc., there is a convergence of supply chains, and when the acquisitions are completed, the two enterprises will create synergies between technological advances, customer resource sharing, scalable delivery capacity, cost control, increased market occupancy, and supply chain consolidation, which will enhance market competitiveness on both sides in the medium and long term.
5g: In a context of steady growth, where the pace of construction of 5g is expected to accelerate, leading to high telecommunications markets, and where the epidemic has led to macroeconomic stress, the Ministry of Information and Communications Technology has stressed the need to accelerate the construction of 5g, particularly the development of a stand-alone network, in order to maximize its positive impact on “stable investment” and on the development of the industrial chain.
By 2020, the country’s 5-g construction began to expand, and the construction of 5-g-based stations is expected to exceed 600,000 a year, leading to high telecommunications and high market performance. The first development of the 5-g-light module has been under way since 2015, and several series of specifications for the forward, medium- and backlight modules are now being imported into the home-owned equipment vendor, of which 25g pre-lighting modules are available.
In the 5g pre-lighting module, the company obtained a good share and orders, while middle and echo products were actively involved in the equipment vendor’s bidding process, which is expected to continue with the advance field. The number: cloud computing is returning, and 400-year-olds are back on their feet.
Capital spending by North American cloud service providers has been warming since 2019q2, bringing 100g demand back to normal. At the same time, 400g has been released, with a global delivery of 800,000 products expected in 2020, and short-term epidemics have led to rapid growth in cloud applications such as teleworking, online education, adding up to the 5g-era surge in traffic, driving cloud plan.
Ali plans to invest another 200 million dollars over the next three years for the development of and future-oriented data centres for critical core technologies such as cloud operating systems, servers, chips, networks, etc., to highlight the giant’s future investment in cloud computing markets. We believe that in the 400g era, the company is expected to replicate the 100g-year high growth.
In the context of the continued rise in the global light market, the company will enter a new era of double-drives of 5g and 400g. Without taking into account the balance sheet, the company’s revenues are expected to be higher than expected in 2020-2022, with the risk of increased competition for 5g products, 400g below expectations, and 100g above expectations.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.