q1 high profit growth, 400g overseas and new infrastructure in the country driven by the 10th of 04th of 2020, keeping a good eye on future performance.
Research Assistant Yao Jiuhua : On April 10, IYO launched a performance announcement that in 2020 o1 was attributed to the public sector ' s shareholders in the public sector, with net profits of 140 million yuan to 170 million yuan, an increase of 39.20% to 68.34% over the previous year.
▪ 100g demand level in overseas markets: on the operational side, the high-speed and cloud-based evolution of beneficiary data centres, the progressive growth of overseas 400g light module requirements, the firm ' s excellent delivery capacity, and the country ' s data centre remains at the top of the market at 100g
For mainstream products, the impact of de-stocking gradually fades, 100 g light module requirements are stabilized, companies maintain a technological and empirical threshold advantage and a leading advantage; after the outbreak of the new crown, companies are active in developing control measures to protect their interests and the safety of their employees in a timely manner, and are fully organized to resume work in an orderly manner.
Production to minimize the impact of the epidemic on the company ' s production and operations, with the ultimate goal of achieving 2020q1 performance and the acquisition of  to improve telecommunications and enhance competitiveness: on 14 February 2020, the Xinjiang launch announced the acquisition of 56 per cent of the Quantities, the strategic completion of medium- and low-end productive capacity and the completion of the industrial chain.
In our view, there will be significant operational synergies that will continue to boost performance in the future when the two companies integrate. The new infrastructure of technology under the epidemic brings in incremental demand for the “Telecom+” light module: the new global coronary epidemic.
In the case of telecommunications operations, it will benefit 5g from a hot period of construction, and 25g from a market for pre-lighting modules.
The gradual penetration and successful certification of medium-to-media products are expected to enhance the company’s position in the domestic telecommunications market. 1 “Middle Quantities” (300308); q4 R & D power is the core competitiveness of firms in the light module industry, and the middle glimmers continue to grow in numbers and numbers.
There has been a steady recovery in performance, benefiting from the energy of the module, investment in the development and development of telecommunications products, with greater potential for sustained growth, and steady upwards, with telecommunications running through the two-wheel drive industry.
"20-02-23, acquired into Dotsham, improved telecommunications market layout, and created a two-telecom tap."
Expected: RMB exchange rate fluctuation risk: potential for further escalation of trade friction between Central America and the United States: photo-mode 3, Middle Smud (30038); q4 steady recovery in performance, 400g catalytic and de-storage
"20-01-23. East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory committee.