On 9 April 2020, the company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2020, which was achieved in the first quarter of 2020.
With a profit of 153 million in a quarter, roughly equal to last year’s q4, there is still a strong growth momentum in the wake of a slight delay in the resumption of work after the year due to the epidemic. The increase in performance is due to overseas circulation of market value (million yuan):
Market demand for 400g products has increased, demand for 100g products has stabilized, and demand for light module products has increased as a result of the construction of new capital projects, such as the construction of 5g in the country and data centres. The combined cost of equity incentives and depreciation amortization has affected the company’s profits by 21.4442 million
The first and second employee holding plan recognizes a total cost of $11,196,600. Before deducting the impact of equity incentives on the net profit on the single-size statement, Suzhou realized a single-size net profit of approximately $172-209 million. And accounting for depreciation amortization resulted in a net profit loss of $10,245,900.
The new infrastructure is constantly being built, companies are getting better opportunities, the epidemic is causing macroeconomic pressure, and the country has been building up 5 g base stations and data centres. Telecommunication markets: 5g networking year in 2020, with three major operators building 5g in total
The base station will reach 600,000 stations, while the independent network will be set up, starting with the first medium-to-medium transmission module. From 2015 onwards, Wichita has taken the lead in the development of the 5g light module product, which has now resulted in an evaluation report covering the front-to-back, middle-to-end (300308).
Recall the full series of 5g-based station light module products. In the pre-fiveg transmission module, the company has achieved continuous quarterly improvements, with a good share and orders in the 5g+400g era Xiadong, while sending and retransmitting products are actively involved in the equipment vendor's bidding process, hopefully.
In the past two years, the US government has been able to continue its activities in the field of communication. The market has been warming by 100 g, the North American market has been released by 400 g, and the build-up of the epidemic has led to telecommuting.
Cloud applications, such as online education, have been growing rapidly, and the market landscape continues to rise. The company’s 400g product has delayed the acquisition of rich product layouts, and has strengthened the base of growth of 5g+400g.
High-growth dynamics in the 100g era, with companies entering 5g and 400g in the context of the continued rise in the global light module market climate.
The report is presented independently and objectively with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used in the report is based on compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the professional integrity and competence of the author.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.