Mid-Sud (300308) Acquisition of storage technology to strengthen 5g layouts, benefiting from the “Tongs+Telecom” market resonance, and purchase of 67.19 per cent of the stock stock held by the trading side.
The acquisition of storage technology to improve the layout of its operations, and the strengthening of telecommunications. The main products of storage technology are the light modules of the web, transmission networks, data centres and 4g/5g mobile communications scenes, together with the vertical integration of the industrial chain at the core of the optical components.
From chip encapsulation, photovoltaic components, and photovoltaic modules, the more complete optical software production chain. Intermediary is at the forefront of the country’s digital field, and this M&A will effectively compensate for the deficiencies in the telecommunications market and enhance core competitiveness.
Mergers and acquisitions are trends in the light module industry, creating synergies and increasing corporate profits. In recent years, the light module industry has experienced significant M&As and increased industry concentration, such as the lumentum M&A Oclaro, Cambridge Technology ' s acquisition of part of Oclarojapen ' s assets, and avago ' s acquisition of cyptics
This time, it is also expected that technology will be used to generate revenue.
The total market value/flow (million yuan) increases the market share and reduces the cost of R & D.
The construction of 5g accelerated, and the "Telecom +" resonance pattern strengthened. By 2020, q1 was ranked first and was given high priority by the new infrastructure due to the impact of the epidemic. Operators increased the construction speed and investment of 5g, which will trigger an outbreak of demand for the 5g light module, which we expect to be in 2020.
The domestic market requires a total of about 10 million pre-five-g transmission modules. The storage technology has already generated a modest amount of income in the poon, telecommunications luminescence, and is expected to help to reverse the high-end telecommunication optic module field by quickly cutting into 5g, creating a digital + telecommunications resonance that opens up a larger growth space.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report