2023q2 performance is higher than expected, \triangleright \car profits continue to rise and q2 performance is higher than expected. 1) Revenue and cost end: 2023q2 operating income
\triangleright +17.4%; bicycle revenue of $156.6 million, corresponding to $13.35 million, \+1.77 ptc \, \treathing of new vehicles \, sales and management cost increases mainly due to increased investment in new branding; increase in R & D costs
The net profit on bicycles is 0.87 million yuan, which is +0.17 million yuan/ring ratio +0.18 million yuan. The increase in profits on bicycles is mainly due to a combination of the scalding effect of sales increases, higher end-of-end vehicle ratios, and lower battery costs.
\triangleright products continue to be competitive. After ctb, easy-to-reach technology, the company released its first global energy-only smart body control system, the cloud system, in the first half of 2023, which began with a vertical-directional control.
The final body control problem, which brings great experience and security, will continue to be carried on the Dynasty Sea Flagship, 1. Biadei (002594.sz) in the first quarter of 2023.
On the basis of this, the company has continued to launch a scale seagulls and dynasty champions, playing ultra-high value-for-money routes and safeguarding the integrity of the market. On the subject of brand high-end, the company reported in its 2022 edition in Biadi (002594.sz):
High year-on-year performance, high vehicle profitability innovation - 2023/03/2023 - released the new brand equation leopard and its core proprietary technology, dmo super-mix platform technology, to locate high-end hard-line cross-countrys, forming dynasty + ocean series, high brands, look-up brands and equation leopards in the first half of the year.
3. Biadi (002594.sz) Quick Report on Sales in February: Matrix, covering vehicles from home to luxury, from the general public to personalized, to fully meet the needs of users for the full spectrum of the scenes.
4. Biadi (002594.sz) 3-quarterly review of 2022: Further refinement. 3) Maritime operations are steadily advancing and overseas sales continue to grow. Performance with the United Kingdom in March 2023 was significantly higher than expected, and vehicle profit innovation was high by 2022/10/00.
Co-operation was reached by Octopusev to enter the British market by datto3 and then in June to France, 5. Biadei (002594.sz) in June, with a fast-track assessment of production and sales: Italy, United Arab Emirates, etc., as of 28 July, Biadey's new energy vehicle had entered Japan, Germany, Japan, Germany, Japan and the United Arab Emirates.
In June, sales were re-innovated, with demand and demand fully benefiting from electricization in 53 countries and territories, including Australia and Brazil, with 2023h1 overseas sales of 74.43 million vehicles.
Accelerator + product matrix improvement + brand high-end progress, and companies are expected to achieve a high-volume profit. Product competitiveness is further enhanced, while high-end multi-brand layout accelerates down, and future seaboard + high-end growth is expected to be a core growth point for performance, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.