The sales ring ratio continues to rise in June, and N7 is on the market, and it's high-end.
In June, the total number of power and storage batteries increased by 72.3 per cent and the ring by 2.8 per cent, and this year ' s cumulative total of 60.25gwh, by 77 per cent.
It's power-mixed, and the scale effect is to be expected. In June, 128,196 vehicles were sold in a pure electric vehicle, which will continue to go hand in hand with the pure electricity and hybrid model at Peak Lou, as car consumption recovers, capacity is rapidly released and seagulls are expelled.
Ten thousand vehicles, the scale effect has been further enhanced, the cost of production has been spread and the cost of offsetting the subsidy has been offset, and we expect that the net profit on bicycles in 2023 will be roughly the same as in 2022.
The vehicle is based on the e-platform 3.0-temperature upgrade, with Biadi's self-researched cloud-a smart air vehicle body control system (standard version), with a global first-volume production of eight-in-one power.
230kw, combined power system efficiency of 90% +, combined with 160kw front motor power with a maximum power of 390kw; high charge power of 230kw, combined with smart pulse heater, with a 15-minute recharge of 350km and 4-minute recharge
100km refill; global first-ever smart six screen, equipped with 6nm process chip, 5g smart network system; high-level smart driving aid, equipped with 33 sensors including high-sense bi-laser radars, high-precision millimetre-brays, two pre-8 million video cameras, etc., in conjunction with smart-driving domain control platforms.
Current city navigation aids, high-speed navigation aids, vp passenger parking, etc.
Companies are out in Asia, Europe, and America, and in Japan, Thailand, Singapore, Germany, the United Kingdom, France, the Netherlands, Australia, Colombia, Brazil, Mexico, Morocco, and many other countries, we expect 200,000 vehicles to be exported by car in 2023.
High profile and growth space in the field of business. In the broader context of counter-globalization, corporate vertical industrial chain advantages are clear.
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. The investment proposals of individuals, either in writing or orally, are not valid.
The owner should not rely solely on this report as a substitute for his own independent judgement; he should make his own investment decisions and take his own investment risks; any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors should be based on this report.