Launching off-road brand equation leopards, personalizing product matrices, corporate research, company quick reviews, cars, cars, cars, cars, cars.
On August 16th, 2023, Biadi hosted the "All Leopards to the Mountain Sea" equation brand and technology launch at Shenzhen Global Headquarters. Biadi officially launched the New Energy Professional Personalized Element Leopard and exclusive core technology Dmo super-mixed cross-country platform, with an equation Leopard product matrix.
Covers suv, running car, sedan, etc... Large suv equation 5 of the brand first-car series, built on dmo super-mixed cross-country platform, with a zero-percent acceleration of 4.8 seconds, with a combined extension of 1,200 km, a new energy exclusive cloudy smart body control system, and a completely new mix of non-carrying architectures. Equation leopard 5 is divided into clouds and standard versions, meeting the dual field and city travel needs, and the new vehicle is located.
A hard-to-use new SUV, which is close to the public market at the same time that it has hard technology, is expected to be sold at around $400,000 and will be delivered within the year. The launch coincides with the release of the Leopar8 concept vehicle, Super8 and Leopar 3, to form an equation 583 hard-liner family with Leopard 5, to refine the product matrix to cover a wider cross-country user group at a wider price band.
The Equation Leopard brand is based on the exclusive core technology dmo super-mixed cross-country platform, and the Equation Leopard's 583 hard-line helper's product matrix has opened up into a new segment of the market, covering a wider consumer population. By the main line logic, Biadi is strong in the depth layout of the upstream industrial chain, with three electric technologies (cells, electric machines, electrical controls);
Lower-stream terminal markets are becoming more accessible, with pure power plugs and two-wheel drive, followed by new blast cars. The track is growing well + the industrial chain is strong + the market share is high, and high-quality big players in high-quality industries are becoming clear. By the logic of the feeder line, Biadi's blade battery has significantly increased the energy density of the phosphate lithium batteries in a way that is structurally innovative, and has demonstrated the safety of the battery bags through needle tests, and is technologically advanced.
One red flag e-qm5, Cyrus sf5, Long Ancs 55, East Frere, Ford Mustangmach-e, Lincoln Adventurer Phev, etc., has already indicated their intention to supply Tesla in media interviews. The future use of blade batteries is expected to expand further, along with the rapid development of battery storage, leading to significant business growth in Biadi. We maintain a profit forecast and expect to return to the company in 2023/2024/2025.
Biadi officially launched the new energy profession's personalized Emerald Leopard brand, and on August 17, 2023, Biadi launched the "All Leopards go to the Mountain Sea" equation Leopard brand.
The equation leopards are committed to making cars uniquely “personalized exclusives” for every individual, opening up much larger changes in new energy cars. The current market is more expensive across the country, using an exclusive dmo platform plus a cloudy mind control system to break market barriers at a closer price to the general public and allow users to meet both cross-country and price.
At the launch, Biadee's first official channel plan was launched, the first of which would be a business-wide model that would bring together sales, deliveries, adaptations, sales and sales, and improve service levels and user experience, with a plan to cover the first- and second-line 60 cities in 2023. The equation Leopard was designed from the name of Leopard, meaning that “with the professional wisdom and spirit of exploring the digital world, the car and the user's life would be solved by using the professional wisdom and spirit of exploring the digital world.”
Logo's design is based on an equation that extracts the mathematical element Mobyus coils, expressing an infinite possibility for the future. The Leopard combines the power of the equation leopard, its strong response, its robust safety, its aesthetic fashion, its wild raw power, its personality attraction. The equation leopard car is built on a dmo super-mixed cross-country platform, with an emphasis on electric power drive, its power capabilities plus the precision control of the electric machine to achieve extremes.
The power of cross-country mobility, the “three locks” of the pre- and post-electronic speed locks and the “three locks” of the energy chain, the ability to cross the land, the ability to use the four-drive advantage of the front wheels, the back-to-back torque controls to achieve the first panther turn around worldwide, the ability to turn the radius only 3.4 m, and the ability to pass the extremes. Dmo provides the equation leopards with freedom to cross the land while at the same time providing rapid start, comfort and pacifying power-drivers with the power-driven advantage of new energy vehicles, and low oil consumption creates urban freedom.
Figure 1: Biaddy Equation Leopard, logo. Figure 2: Equation Leopard idea.
The dmo super-mixed cross-country platform, known as Daulmodeoff-road, is an equation panther technology platform, based on the ctc battery chassis system, which combines to achieve maximum space utilization, thereby increasing the space of the cabin. The ctc battery chassis is integrated with a non-carried double-frame beam and blade battery bag structure, double-layer blade battery bags design a 5-story protective structure, and two powerful steel shields provide security.
Barriers, blade battery bags are both power and plate hardening units, with a 49.7 per cent rise in ground space utilization and a 38 per cent turn-over up. The ctc chassis integration technology allows for a maximum reduction of 110 mm in the body size compared to the fuel structure, with an angle of greater than 44 degrees in the side, and an ideal 50:50 gold axle charge to easily achieve stable control and comfort driving.
Figure 3: Dmo mixed cross-country platform Figure 4: Equation Leoparctc battery chassis integration technology
The power rate of 143kw. will be on Leopard 5 with a maximum power of 500kw+, with a maximum speed of 4.8s and 0100 accelerations, with a peak power of 2.0t engines at 180kw, with both engines having heat efficiency exceeding 40%, further reducing the power-driven engine fuel consumption. The back bridge motor module will have a maximum capacity of 285kw, with a maximum capacity of 400n m, matching low speed cross-roads, achieving a maximum speed ratio of 21 with a combination of electrostatic failure locks, increasing the speed of cross-country traffic under complex road conditions.
Capability and extrication to reach the mountains and reach the ground. Figure 5: 1.5 t/2.0 t Arrange high power motors. Figure 6: Post-drive total power generation.
The Equation Leopards Platform's first car, Leopard 5, is the first car of the Equation Leopard brand, is located in a large hybrid hard-pixing suv, built on the exclusive technology dmo super-mixed cross-country platform, with core technologies such as the cloud-p smart body control system, and the first appearance of the Leopard Power Science.
From outside, the Leopard 5 body is designed in the suv classic box, the face is made in the rectangular grid, which is integrated with the matrix light on both sides of the head, the grid, the central equation leopard brand, logo, the head of the car, which is so big that it displays a strong cross-country style. Officially, the new car is much more open and can be changed quickly.
The body of the vehicle uses a lot of straight-line sketches, coupled with the opening line of the door, which highlights the need to repair the long body and move with a great sense of motion. The top level of the vehicle places the top baggage rack, without crushing the space inside the vehicle, while increasing the functionality of the vehicle. The body of the vehicle uses a number of black elements, such as wheel panels, door floor panels, and a more rigid identity. From inside the interior, the car uses a large area of leather packages, with a high sense of luxury, and with the Biadi car department.
Suspended liquid crystal screens, which match the current flow, while medium-controlled a large number of physical buttons, technology sense and manipulation. In the interior layout of the vehicle, 2-7 flexible layouts are achieved with hyper-wide spaces, seats are moved and placed to meet the needs of different households.
200 W, 285kw, respectively, in conjunction with the combined power of the 500kw system, the maximum torque 760n m, the maximum drag mass 2.5t, the ability to climb 100%, and an acceleration capacity of 4.8s. The panthers have five locks, respectively, of the pre-electronic differential lock, the post-electronic torque lock, and the “virtual” medium-capacity locks that decoup the axial power, the forward-and-axis transfer within the 10ms, and the powerful forward-and-axial free distribution of power.
The advantage of a four-wheel drive, through the first “advanced reversion, backward reversion” and smart torque control techniques, was the first “peathing turn-over” and the turn-over radius was reduced to 3.4 m, a 40% reduction from the same type of vehicle. From the continuation, the panther 5 pure cltc continues to reach 125 km, easily meeting the city’s need for a renewal.
Netc feeder consumption is as low as 7.8l/100km, with serial and combined high-efficiency power-driven models, to relieve off-road oil consumption.
This release will be accompanied by a detailed presentation of Leopard 5, which will be accompanied by the simultaneous display of Leopar8 concept and the release of the next Leopard 3, the third-car feature, which together will form the 583 hardware family. The Super8 design will no longer be confined to traditional square boxes, drawing inspiration from future technology, and will be used by Cybertechnics.
The arts of art is combined with muscles; the panthers, in three cases, focus on the coolness of a thousand people, are more liberal, meet the individualized needs of different groups of people, and cover a wider cross-country user group at a wider price.
The equation leopard brand is based on the exclusive core technology dmo super-mixed cross-country platform, and the equation leopard, the 583 hard-line family, helps to expand into a new segment of the market, covering a wider consumer. From the main-line logic, Biadi has a strong power on the upstream chain depth layout, with three electric technologies (cells, electric machines, electrical controls) and a strong presence in the lower-stream terminal market.
The field's capacity has improved significantly, with pure power plugs and two-wheel drive, followed by a new explosive vehicle. The track has grown well + the industrial chain's strong + market share, and the high quality of the industry is becoming clear. From the feed logic, Biadi's blade battery has significantly increased the energy density of the phosphate, the lithium battery, and has demonstrated the safety of the battery bag through needle tests, leading by technology, with a single red flag e-qm5,
The company's executives have indicated in media interviews that they will supply Tesla. The future of the blade battery is expected to expand further, along with the high speed of the storage of the battery.
Increased prices of raw materials, recurrent outbreaks, and chip constraints affect the release and delivery of productive capacity, and new models are sold below expectations. Biadi (002594.sz) - Business income increases by 80% compared to 80%, and high-quality flagship performances are robust.
Biadi (002594.sz) - Release of the cloudy smart body control system, re-upgrading of the product matrix - Biadi (002594.sz) - Autonomous car company ' s net profit peak, a national new energy vehicle pole - 2023-03-31
Biadi (002594.sz) - December sales outpaced 230,000, leading to a global new energy car tap. Schedule: Financial forecasting and valuation. Author's assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author