There has been a significant increase in bicycles and a steady upswing in export support performance, Biadi (002594.sz)
(i) Large-scale effects combined with lower cost of raw materials boosted the company's limousine, and sales were at the heart of the company's growth in revenue, as the company's cars, car-related products and their products in the first half of the year were significantly reduced in response to intense market competition in the Royal champion's re-arranged series of cars.
Prices, coupled with good sales of high-end vehicles, have had a positive impact on some of the products. In the first half of the year, the Māori rate for the D.A.'s automobile business was 20.67%, compared to +4.37 pct, benefiting from scale effects and the price of lithium carbonate, and the Māori rate has risen significantly.
The product, which continues its past combined price advantage, is expected to produce good sales in the first six months of Qin, Song, and Han, which continues to drive firm sales up steadily, and we maintain a forecast of 3 million cars sold throughout the year.
(ii) Profitability is stronger than Tesla, highlighting global excellence. The Tsla 01/02 Māori score is 19.3 per cent/18.2 per cent, while the company ' s first half-year Māori rate for automobiles is 20.67 per cent, a counterattack. At the end of the first half of the company, net cash flows from corporate operations were $81.9 billion, compared to 89 per cent. The company ' s financial indicators are negative at q2.
Super Tesla, a leader. (iii) Expedited preparations for overseas construction, with exports remaining above 10,000 for the month of September, with expected year-round exports of 200,000 vehicles. 2023 was the year of exports of new energy vehicles, with companies cumulatively exporting 7.43 per cent in the first half of the year.
By July, the company's single-month export sales had been on the order of nine months, and the company's products had now entered the markets of developed countries such as Australia, Japan, Europe, and had achieved initial market expansion in Thailand, Brazil, and so on. Recently, the company announced its intention to invest $4.5 billion in cars and batteries in Brazil.
Factories, which are expected to continue to re-engineer vertical supply chain advantages in overseas markets, supply critical raw materials such as batteries to maintain their profitability, are expected to export more than 200,000 vehicles throughout the year, given the market power that companies currently have in multiple new energy potential markets around the world.
(iv) The high-end car harvest market recognized that “Look Up” & “Equal Leopard” added to the company's image upgrading. According to Automotive House data, in June 2023, a further 10,000 to 111,000 vehicles were sold, and for the first time became mpv market champions. In January-July 2023, Trend d9 cumulatively sold 6.73 million vehicles since March.
For the past five months, sales have stabilized on 10,000 vehicles and have become a mpv market star. Thanks to the firm brand base accumulated by the company in the early years and its excellent manufacturing capacity, the scale effect has been instrumental.
In July, the first run was released, and it continued to be high-end consumer markets, with 24-hour orders on the market, with full potential. Based on the market recognition gained from the push, the company continued to launch the million-degree luxury brand "Look Up" and the hardcore off-roads.
“Equal Leopard,” which continuously enhances the competitiveness of companies in the luxury car market, helps companies grow into global new energy champions. The risk of production bottlenecks; and the risk of rising prices of raw materials.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.