Continued high performance, technological innovation + offshore diversification drive double profitability and valuation 15/09/2023 Core logic: value for research and development to create multi-product matrices to widen market + scale effect on a continuous downward elasticity in overseas sales decisions
During the reporting period, the net cash flow of companies continued to increase and the premium of overseas outreach + technology leadership increased, and companies achieved a pattern of volume gains.
As the global trend in motor power rises, the European market is expected to recover from the rapid growth of the global tram, with different regional markets performing differently. According to the Cleantechnica data, 2023m1-7 new global energy vehicles were sold, with 33.6% penetration, of which m8 had a monthly retail sales of 7.16 million and a similar ratio of +35.2%, with a penetration rate of 37.2%.
At the same time, Europe’s market trams are being repaired, and according to the data of the evsales, 2023m1-7 European tram sales amounted to 1.62 million vehicles, the same year + 29.1%, of which m7 monthly sales amounted to 234,000 vehicles, the same year + 48.6%, and the rate of growth has continued to be positive.
According to Cleantechnica, 2023m1-7 companies sold 1,441,000 vehicles, the same year +80.0% of the new global energy usage, 20.8% of the world ' s cities, further up from 18.4% in the year 2022, while further bridging the gap with Tesla ' s second place (14.6% of the city), linking the first position of the new global energy vehicle. The domestic market was wiped out, with 2023m1-8 retail sales of 162.7 million vehicles, same-year +69.2%, with 36.6% of the city.
The company battery loads continue to rise, and according to the China Union of Dynamic Batteries Innovations, the market for 2023m1-7 Byadi power cell loads reached 29.7%, the second highest in the industry. At the same time, the market for the phosphate lithium battery sub-tracks reached 43.6%, and it has been the top in the industry since 2023.
According to company announcements, 2023h1 received $6.441 billion, the same ratio +92.9%, and the share of overseas receipts rose to 24.8%. In terms of sales, the volume of new energy exports from 2023m8 was re-innovated, breaking the 20,000 mark for the first time, reaching 25,000 vehicles, the same/ring ratio + 391.4%/+37.7%. The cumulative volume of sales to date reached 117,000 vehicles, representing 6.6% of the share of vehicle sales in overseas sales.
To continue to deepen the overseas layout, the company’s first overseas vehicle production base was laid in Thailand last March, and in July it announced the establishment of a large production complex in Brazil, from production out of the sea to industrial chains. The company focused on technology adaptation and innovation, followed by equable and cloudy technology, and developed a technology matrix based on the cloud system to boost consumption significantly during the reporting period.
At the same time, the company relies on its core technology for continuous succession and innovation to continuously broaden its brand matrix. At the beginning of the year, the company released high-end brands to look up, opened up the market for a million-grade new energy vehicles, and in June, the personalized brand equation was officially named.
Investment proposals and profit projections for global tram sales maintain a high rate of growth, domestic aggregates meet expectations, Europe’s marginal markets improve, and auto electricization continues to show a upward trend. Companies are the leading players in the global tram, and since 2023 have been leading the global & domestic market, actively refining the product and technology matrix and expanding the customer base; and overseas markets continue to grow.
Broad downstream markets, with both product-plus industrial chains out of the sea; expanding market occupancy and reducing profits from recovery under the effect of scale. On the whole, we believe that companies have high barriers and advantages over growth expectations in the industry, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, predicting net profits to their mothers in 2023-2025 of 290.9, 432.2 and 57.82 billion yuan, respectively, corresponding to macroeconomic downturns and less than expected sales of electric cars; a shift in motor vehicle policies; a failure to invest in company production than expected; trade barriers; and large fluctuations in raw material prices.
Biyadi (002594) Traction Explosion List, scale effect, high end + seaboard valuation elasticity 202300426
Figure 1 Annual growth in corporate revenue (millions of yuan) Figure 22,223h1 net profit from parent growth by three times (billions) Figure 32,023 quarter growth rates in corporate income are still high (billions)
The main base figure of figure 4 influences the return of 23q2 companies to net profit growth (billion yuan) and the global market share of 723m1-7 companies has reached 20.8 per cent. It is high among the first industries, such as arms and steel, with in-depth studies of science and technology and cycles, ongoing in-depth studies in the areas of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics and automation, and a “China manufacturing investment cycle” research framework has been established.
The team focused on research in the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium and storage energy, with limited energy devoted to serving more primary and secondary markets where the needs of the country are met, the industry is flourishing and the people have faith, without which it will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in the present report. This report has been prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended for or for any dispatch, release, release, etc.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the public or resident in any area, country, or other area under its jurisdiction in which it is available or used to cause China Securities Limited and its associated companies to violate local laws or regulations, or to subject the Chinese securities to the law or regulation. The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the Chinese securities unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.