Profitability continues to improve on the top product matrix, and Biade (002594.sz) reports semi-annual reviews.
The number of new energy cars sold across the country is 3.74 million, compared with the rate of Lewung Ping. The company’s new energy car market is 33.5 per cent, an increase of 6.5 pct over the same period, and the industry’s headlines are becoming more prominent.
By increasing prices and perfecting the product matrix, the company actively captures its market share, and we expect that sales will continue to grow at a rapid rate in 2023, with more than 3 million vehicles expected to be sold throughout the year. Companies actively deploy overseas markets, speed up the opening of markets in Europe, Asia and the Pacific, the Americas, the Middle East, etc., and 2023h1 sells abroad.
In 2023, we expect overseas sales to exceed the dollar. In the larger context of subsidy exits and price wars, companies secure a profit from the annual downswing and scale effects of suppliers.
New product cycles are open, high endable. 2023h1 d9 sales, 56751 units, stable at more than 300,000 luxurious mpv markets, are the first. The company has the core technology of blade batteries, dm mixing, e-platform 3.0, ctb technology, easy quartets, clouds, etc., which is rapidly released with capacity and seals dmi, Songl, stun n 7/n8,
With new vehicles like u8/u9 and Leopard 5, the company is expected to move up the market. The landscape is high, the growth space is high, and the firm’s vertical industrial chain has a strong edge against globalization.
New energy vehicles are sold less than expected, output is released less than expected, overseas operations are less than expected, chips are short, exports are bright, 2023-08-022, Biadey Lights: June sales ring comparison continues
The company Biadi Reviews: A History of Sales in May. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
There are market risks, and investors are determined to be legally qualified firms for portfolio investment advice. The funders should not simply rely on this report as a substitute for their own independent judgement, and should make their own investment decisions and assume their own investment risks.