Cars, cars, net profits are forecast to increase by more than 100% over the same year, and profitability continues to rise. In the first half of 2023, Biadey's branding, growing size advantages and strong industry chain cost-control capabilities, as well as upstream.
Prices of raw materials have fallen, and Biadi has continued to maintain a good level of profitability. Mobile phone parts and assembly players have benefited from an increased share of the larger clients, the growth of new and emerging businesses such as new energy vehicles and new smart products, higher capacity utilization, and further optimization of the business structure, leading to significant improvements in profitability.
In the first half of 2023, Biyadi sold 125,5637 vehicles, a 94 per cent increase in the same year, and the new energy market, a 35 per cent increase. Of these, 616810/631351 vehicles were sold, representing an increase of 91 per cent and 101 per cent in the same year.
The sales volume of Yadi was 70,3561, an increase of 98 per cent in the same year, and the share of the new energy city was 34 per cent. Of these, the sales of pure electricity/plug-in vehicles were 35,2163,348081, an increase of 95 per cent and 101 per cent in the same year, compared with 7,4289 in the first half of the current year, an increase of 116 per cent in the same year.
In April 2023, the Sea Car Fair opened a pre-sale sale price of $1.098 million for high-end new energy hard-to-field vehicles with high-end technology and cloudy-p smart hydraulic body control.
System. In July 2023, the world's first smart suvtunn7 was officially on the market, selling Bialdi (002594.sz) - a 80% increase in business income and a high-quality flagship performance.
Biyadi (002594.sz) - Release of the cloudy smart body control system, product matrix, positioning of hard-punished suv, focusing on the field, etc., will be released in the course of the year.
Biyadi (002594.sz) - December sales outpaced 230,000 and moved to a global new talent Investment proposal: to maintain profit forecasts and “buy-in” ratings. Biadi (00259.sz) - 142 per cent increase in sales in October on the same basis as overseas markets.
The main line logic, which is more energy-intensive, more market-based, more advanced than the Yadi deep layout, the new energy vehicle technology, which speeds up the process of high-end and branding, further increases the company's ceiling; and the feed logic, which is more energy-intensive and more secure than the Yadi blade battery, which is available to customers.
We maintain a profit forecast, and the company is expected to compete more for 23/24/25 years, maintaining a good level of profitability, thanks to rising brand power, expanding size advantages and strong cost-control capabilities in the industrial chain, as well as falling prices of upstream raw materials.
On the other hand, it has benefited from an increase in the share of large clients, the growth of new and emerging businesses such as new energy vehicles and new smart products, an increase in the rate of utilization of energy, and further optimization of the business structure, resulting in a significant improvement in profitability, with vehicles increasing by 91 per cent and 101 per cent, respectively.
Figure 2: Biadi export sales and same-year sales in the second quarter of the year, 703561, a 98 per cent increase in the same year, and 34 per cent in the city. Of these, 352163/348081, a 95 per cent increase in the same year, were sold for pure electricity/plug-in vehicles.
Six months of export sales were 74289 vehicles, representing an increase of 1,160 per cent over the same year.
In April 2023, at the Shanghai Car Fair, a pre-sale sale was launched under the flag of Biadi, with two versions, luxury and cross-country players, with a pre-sale price of $1.098 million, high-end new energy hard-on Land Cruisers, high-end technology and cloudy-p smart fluid pressure.
A vehicle control system, with easy-to-reach technology capable of achieving such scene functions as maximum security, emergency water, in situ and agility, bringing great safety, performance and experience to users. u8 has a maximum power output of more than 1,100 horses, 100 males.
The fastest acceleration is only 3.6s, and the power and precision of control, giving u8 super-vigilant field power to easily complete the challenge of desert draughting slopes in the Aachen V Hollow. Clouds-p is the world’s first new energy vehicle, a dedicated smart hydraulic body control system. It can be achieved.
A high degree of self-regulating, looking at the U8 hangars for a total of 150 mm, with no water-drying dysentery at its maximum depth of 1,000 mm, effectively improving vehicle passivity. Clouds-p has a level 3 correction, which discourages neon from supporting continuous self-adaptation, and responds to different road conditions through fast-intelligent adjustments.
In July 2023, the world’s first smart luminous run, suv-tempern7 was officially on the market, selling at a price of $30.18 million - $379.8 million for a month’s blind booking, breaking 20,000 orders.
Momentum N7 was built into Biadete forward technology, built on platform 3.0 to power upgrades, using a full-blown first-volume eight-in-one power mix with a total power of 230kw, with a combined power system efficiency of 90% plus 160kw, with a maximum power of 390kw and a zero-percent acceleration.
Just 3.9s. And with the top-of-the-ground double gun supercharge technology, with a maximum charge power of 230kw, combined with the intellectual ability to pulse self-heating technology, the environment is wider, reaching a rated power rate longer than 800v, and the experience is better, with a 15-minute recharge of 350km and a four-minute recharge of 100km.
Intense n7 rides smart pods, smart chassis, and smart driving three major smart technologies. This is the first Wisdom six screens worldwide, equipped with a 6nm process chip, and a 5g smart web network system that ensures that the ISIS interacts with smart and fast. The Piyadi self-study of the cloudy-a smart air vehicle body control system (standard version) provides great comfort and stability for the whole car.
Steady, supportive and passable, professional track, urban multi-dimensional conditions, and bumpy surfaces, and they've been traveling ever since. A high-level smart drive aid with 33 sensors including high-sense bi-laser radar, high-precision-mm wave radar, two pre-8 million video cameras, etc., is compatible with intelligent driving.
Control platform, enabling multiple scenes such as urban navigation aids, high-speed navigation aids, avp passenger parking, making newcomers old drivers, and providing more security for travel. In July 2023, an equation Leopard vehicle under the Biadei flag was officially launched with the name logo, and an equation first-time Leopard model.
Hardware suv, focused cross-country scenes, etc., will be released during the year. The symbol is derived from the energy that drives everyone to remain awake and grow, extracts from mathematics elements like starlines, binary function graphics and bindings.
Investment advice: maintain profit predictions, maintain buy-in ratings. By the logic of the main line, BJD3 power technology, new energy vehicle technology, market share advantages, and speed up the process of high-end and branding.
We maintain profit projections, and the authors expect that the data used in the report will come from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author