Biadi's performance grew at a very high rate, looking at high-end and export prospects, and the net profit attributable to the shareholders of listed companies was 10.95 billion yuan, an increase of 204.7 per cent over the same period, of which 23q2 were positive.
23H1 company sales continue to rise; the group promotes multi-brand strategies, new technologies such as “quad” and “crowd” are on the ground to start a new product cycle; strategies such as high-end and industry-wide chain layout are expected to move ahead smoothly.
The profits will remain high; the group’s growth abroad continues to deepen, and export sales are expected to rise significantly. I have continued to increase sales, with high performance growth. The company’s share of new energy cars expanded in 2023h1 to a higher scale effect, lower prices for upstream battery raw materials, and changes in product structure.
Add: 22.8% decrease in financial costs over the year, mainly due to exchange rate gains due to exchange rate fluctuations during the period; and 3.1pc increase in four cost rates over the same period. Income increased significantly, Māori increased, cost increased by billion yuan, increase by 67.0% over the same period, Māori increased 4.3pt over the same period, and net profit for the mother increased on the same basis.
The rapid increase in the domestic penetration rate of new energy sources and the continuous improvement in the structure of the company’s products, with more than 3 million vehicles expected to be sold throughout the year in 2023, has contributed to continued high growth in corporate performance. Technological innovation drives business development, and multi-brand strategies are beginning to bear fruit.
In July, high-level smart driving support systems were released to build self-researching hardware, software, and algorithms for auto-repair system-level solutions, further complementing corporate intelligence. Companies continued to promote multi-brand strategies, and the 2023h1 series became China’s first burden.
The class car has a double-edged champion; “Treating d9” has stabilized at more than 300,000 luxuries mpv market number one. The company's new model has continued to be launched, with the first class B+ superseded car, the seal dm-i, being produced in July; the brands N7 and N8 are on the market in July and August, and the product matrix has been further expanded; the brand of the equation leopard has been officially launched in August, with the first class Suv being the hard-to-suffer.
The Leopard 5 will carry the super-mixed cross-country platform “dmo” and “crowd-p.” The company’s new energy mix is leading, the multi-brand product matrix continues to grow, and scale effects and Maori levels continue to rise, and is expected to contribute to a steady increase in profitability.
The company’s position as a leader in the country has accelerated the deployment of overseas markets. The company’s new energy vehicles have entered more than 50 countries and territories, including Japan and Germany, and “M$plus” has won Thailand’s net electric car sales championship of 2023h1.
The company actively promoted the overseas production of capacity, the foundation of which was laid in Thailand in March 2023 by the company’s first overseas vehicle production base; and the launch in July of a project to build a large production base complex in Brazil. The company’s globalization, which is deepening and steadily taking root in the global market, is expected to drive a sustained increase in sales.
The growth of corporate revenue and profits is showing good performance, and we maintain the previous profit forecast, where companies are expected to sell less than expected: 2) increased competition in the market: 3) upward pressure on raw materials. Biadi 20221031
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.