Biadi: cycling profits increased, 23h1 performance increased, Lu Kamin's performance resonant with sales, and 2023h1 performance increased. The company achieved new energy in the first half of 2023.
Energy car sales were 552,000, compared to 89%, and 23q2 generated 700,000, which added better cost controls to the same scale-up effect, and increased the net profit of single cars. Based on the company ' s net profit centre of 11.1 billion in the first half of 2023, the company was single cars in the first half of 2023.
In this context, the company ' s 2023q2 bicycles have increased their net profit on the same scale as the ring. The equation leopard brand has been released, enriching the product matrix again. The company released the equation leopard on 14 July.
The equation leopard is positioned as a professional personalized brand for new energy vehicles around the world. The equation has a front line, a hard-to-suv, a field-focused, multi-scene scene, and it will be launched in the course of the year with heavy-pound technology like a new hybrid platform, dmo, and a cloud-p smart hydraulic body control system. The equation leopard is expected to be released in the course of the year.
Personalization as a brand label, with a focus on the product market, which helps companies reprofit predictions and investment ratings: Biadi as a domestic powered car leader, scale effects gradually emerge \triangleright \triangleright
At the same time, the company has worked in depth with horizons, British State, etc., to build up its experience, correct its intelligent shortboards, and see the company’s subsequent upward trend in prices. Risk factors: the high-end branding process is not as good as expected: sales of new models are not as high as expected:
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The automobile industry chain is fully covered, focusing on the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, autonomous branding, etc.
Master of Arts (M.A.). He worked at Toyota Autotechnical Centre and Joaquín Securities, one-year work experience in automobile companies, and two-year experience in the automotive industry. He covered the entire car, Tesla industrial chain, electric intelligence, etc.
Ding, M.A. in Finance, University of Melbourne, covers areas such as smart cabins, electric motors, and whole cars. Which components are not, are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly, linked to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.