Biadey: 2302 bikes up for profit, watch the company's high-end, make-up events: the company published its semi-annual report in 2023, and the company collected $26.124 billion in the first half of 2023.
New energy vehicles sold 542,000, compared to 93%, and 23q2 sold 700,000, with higher performance. According to operations, 23h1 company automobiles earned $20,882 million, and Wu Ho's electricity equipment and new energy industries were analysed by the Chief Executive.
The scalation effect is evident, and the profits of the bicycles are raised. The company ' s 23q2 bicycles earn $199.90 million, practice number: s15005200900001 \triangleright
Oil and electricity parities have led to a decline in the company ' s 23q2 car income and ring ratio. But, in the profit scenario, the net profit of the bike to the mother has risen by the same ring ratio, driven by the impact of scale. The company ' s 23q2 car to the Māori is $372,000, plus 10%, ring to 4%, and the net profit of the bicycle to the mother is 0.970,000.
The technology, which is driven by the independence of the four power generators, has been completely re-engineered from the perception, control, and execution of the properties of the new energy vehicles, bringing to consumers an era-long product of great safety, great performance and great experience.
Cloudcraft: The first new energy-exclusive smart body control system in the world, breaking the development model of fragmentation, systematizing the pivot control of new energy vehicles with the technological advantages of intelligence, security, sound driving, and full coverage, bringing to users the extremes of comfort and manipulation.
The cloud system product matrix includes "Cunt-c", "Cunt-a" and "Cunt-p" , which will be embedded in various branded vehicles under the Biade Group and will greatly enhance the driving experience of consumers from comfort, control, safety, and cross-country dimensions.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Biadi, as the leader of a domestic electric car, has a scale effect that is gradually showing the market for a 10,000 dollar price belt, and the equation leopard focuses on a segmented brand market. At the same time, the company works with depth, such as the horizon, and the British dat, to build up its experience, to catch up with the smart slate, and to watch the company's subsequent development.
Risk factors: high-end brand model listing process less than expected; new model sales less than expected;
House No. 1 of the 9th Street of the City's West Side in Beijing City, the risk of price fluctuations in raw materials, etc. Gold Bull Award No. 1 in 2018, New Wealth No. 2 in 2020, and the 4th Team Leader of the New Wave Golden Cornelium 2020.
Experience, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The automobile industry chain is fully covered, with a focus on Tesla, smart cars, autonomous brands, field car technology centres, and Joaquin securities, with one year ' s work experience + two years of research experience in the automobile industry.
Tsao Jie, Assistant Research Assistant, Sindha Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Technology, Beijing University of Technology, covering smart cars, motor networks, new power in car construction, etc. Ding Ji, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering smart cabins, electric motorization, car preparation, etc.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.