Shen Jia, the company's performance has increased significantly in the first half of the year, and the business continues to be good. It is recommended that the company be “buyed” with leading technical skills and a good supply chain system, and that the value of the product be higher, at 100,000.
Three hundred thousand districts have a clear competitive advantage, and are expanding into space through high-performance brands such as push, equation leopard, look-up, etc. The competitiveness of automobiles in the transition period is highlighted. The company will push out the seals dm-i, equation panthers 5 and Songl in the second half of the year, and sales are expected to continue to increase.
Company 2023h1 recorded a net profit of yoy+205 per cent: the company published its 2023rd-annual report and achieved a business portfolio that continued to improve in the first half of the year, with an overall Māori rate of 18.3 per cent, an increase of 4.8 per cent over the same period.
This represents an increase of 94% in the number of cars sold in the first half of the year, as new cars and productive capacity continue to expand, with a sharp increase of 12,56 million vehicles. The increase in size effects and changes in product structure have increased the company ' s single-car profits.
Ping, the Māori rate of car plates increased by 4.4 percentage points to 20.67 per cent over the same period. In addition, corporate mobile phones, institutional investors as a percentage of the share in circulation, and components and assembly, generated $51.09 billion, yoy + 24 per cent, mainly from large clients.
Single-increment and growth in smart hardware; Māori rate of the plate increased by 2.69 percentage points to 8.77 per cent over the same period as capacity utilization increased; corporate cost rate increased and R&D inputs expanded: at the cost end, sales cost was 4.17 per cent, compared with the same rate
The increase of 1.03 pcts is mainly due to the increase in the number of vehicles sold, the increase in channels and the cost of after-sale services and related employee remuneration. The company’s financial and management rates are -0.42 and 2.62 per cent, respectively, an increase of 1.72 pcts, and the firm’s insistence on high R & D inputs to drive technological innovation.
In August 26, the company signed a framework purchase agreement with Singapore for the purchase of Jeep in Chengdu, without tin: in August, the company signed an agreement for the purchase of Jeep Singapore in cash for approximately RMB 15.8 billion for the purchase of Jeep Singapore in Chengdu, without tin.
The subsequent parties will conclude a separate final acquisition agreement to complete the delivery. Jeppe is the world’s leading electronic manufacturing service provider, and his factory in China supplies the main apple products with structures, etc., which will help to further strengthen the company’s partnership with large clients and to obtain more orders from large customers.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in all or part of the report for any purpose.