The company released its three-quarter report for 2018 on 26 October: operating income from the beginning of the year to the end of the reporting period.
76,173 million yuan, an increase of 22.90 per cent over the same period; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 3,352 million yuan, and operating income of 26,360 million yuan for the same quarter, a decrease of 2.2 per cent in the ring ratio; net profit attributable to mothers of 826 million yuan, a decrease in net profit for the third quarter, a decrease of the net profit forecast previously reported
The company's net profits in the third quarter were significantly lower than we had expected, mainly for two reasons. 1 Company's main product sales unit price (excluding taxes) declined in the third quarter of this year, while the mineral gold sales unit cost was half the price, compared to a 300-year-old trend.
The construction of the first 6 million tonnes/year selection project for the market-oriented Kamoa copper mine, which is expected to continue in the future as a result of the countercyclical acquisition of a number of high-quality copper resources, has begun.
In the second half of 2020, the average annual production of minerals and copper could reach more than 240,000 tons of metal. In addition, the US$ 1 billion was to obtain 63 per cent of the shares of the target company; and the second was a proposed cash offer of US$ 1,839 million, equivalent to approximately RMB 9,530 million, at a price of $6 per share, to all the shares issued by the devsun.
We have an optimistic view of these two acquisitions. The two companies are located in Serbia at a closer distance to their copper mine assets: Liu Menjing, a research assistant, who is slowly slowing down the domestic economy and is expected to recover from global inflation.
Yang Yo-hoon Purple Mine (601899): The copper mine is waiting to be released at full cost, counter-cyclical mergers and acquisitions.
Liu Mengjing, Director of Non-ferrous Metal Directions, was employed in Anteco, six years of research experience in the basic metals industry, and in 2017 he joined the civil securities.
Yang Yoo Hong, Master of Finance, University of Duran, United States of America, joined the non-ferrous metal industry study in 2017. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to any third party approval or influence.