After completing the rtbbor acquisition and continuing the strategy of internationalization, the company announced that it had transferred the full $350 million replenishment to the Serbian rtbbor group account for 63 per cent of the target company's shareholding.
The target company maintains a large resource reserve, and the transfer of technology will significantly increase production \triangleright rtbbor Group, which now has four brackish copper and silver deposits, characterized by large mineral size and easy to exploit.
Target companies have a high potential for capacity-building, such as inadequate inputs and ageing equipment. The mining industry itself has the technological advantage of speculating rock copper development, and the target company is expected to invest $1.26 billion (including $350 million for this period) over a six-year period to renovate four mines and one smelter. The target company has reached its post-natal expectations.
Purple gold mining has laid the foundations of a leading global mining company by laying out overseas mining projects in several overseas mines, including 63 per cent of the rtbbor group that has completed the cut-off and all of devsun ' s in progress, with devsun taking over, respectively, during the reporting period.
Approved by Canadian and domestic regulation. With limited growth in domestic mineral potential, companies are expected to sustain their growth by increasing reserves of high-quality copper resources through overseas acquisitions, continuing their internationalization strategy and laying the foundations for global gold prices.
As capital investment is expected to warm, copper prices maintain a shock but support it. In December, the Fed increased interest rate by 25 bp, pie, short-end interest rates remain uncertain.
Phase down, real interest rate drops even more if the tripes' liquidity premium is taken into account, and the price of gold falls even more in the medium term Research Assistant: Xue Shaoyang.
Review: Net profits are lower than expected in a single quarter, and a significant increase in future copper production is noted in 2.
The performance was slightly higher than expected, and the copper mine price would be higher than the profit forecast of the company ' s financial statements, combined with projections of the company ' s financial statements.
Xue Shayang, non-ferrous metal research assistant, Bachelor of Actuarials and Master of Financial Mathematics, University of Monash, Australia. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.