Impairment of assets affects company performance, sustaining overseas revenue from the UV Mine (601899.sh)
Three-quarterly reports were issued in 2018, with companies earning 76,173 million yuan in operating revenue in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 22.90 per cent over the same period; and a steady export of the net profits of the shareholders belonging to the parent company (i) mines, resulting in the release of impairments in asset performance
During the reporting period, while the progressive fermentation of the trading war and the strength of the United States dollar have weakened the price of metals such as gold, copper and zinc, the average metal price has risen by the same amount.
In the same period, the cost of marketing the company's mineral gold, mineral copper, mineral zinc only increased by 2,614 kg of mineral gold, 18.25 million tons of mineral copper, 2194 million tons of mineral zinc, and the volume of zinc concentrate increased by a factor that provided a steady increase in the company's performance in the first three quarters of 2018.
The company prepared $774 million in asset impairment in January-September 2018 to block the fall in prices, resulting in the company's performance of only $826 million in the third quarter of the first quarter, as a result of which the ring (ii) continued to buy offshore mines and increased its reserves of resources.
During the reporting period, the company issued several overseas mining acquisition plans. On September 5, the company issued a public announcement that it was about $1.39 billion in cash to offer to buy all the shares of the devsun. Nevsun has 60% interest in the bisha copper and zinc mining project (bisha copper and zinc inference + discovery).
The company announced on 18 September that 63 per cent of the rtbbor group would be purchased for $350 million.
The rtbbor group controls four copper gold mines and one smelter, controls + extrapolated copper metals amounting to 78.58 million tons, and smelting in 2017 produces more than 70,000 tons of cathode copper, of which 43,000 tons of copper is produced in owned mines. There is limited growth in the potential of mining within the enterprise and within the country.
In this context, the company’s increasing reserves of gold and copper through overseas acquisitions has laid a solid foundation for the company’s future growth into a global leader. As our non-ferrous metal complex, the company has increased its metal production and excellence through endogenous development and overseas M&As.
Qualitative resource asset reserves, making steady progress toward the goal of growing up as a global leader in mining enterprises. Corporate mineral production has steadily increased, the landscape of gold and copper metal has gradually improved, and gold and copper prices are expected to strengthen next year, which will support sustained growth in corporate performance. We anticipate that 1) downstream demand for non-ferrous metals has shrunk significantly;
2) Significant drops in commodity prices; 3) less advanced than expected in mining projects; 4) problems in the management of overseas project acquisitions.