“Conconnection + Arithmetic” has deepened, with growth remaining the first key point - China Communications (000063.sz) Annual Report Review 2023. On March 8, China Communications published its 2023 Annual Report. During the reporting period, companies achieved business income
12,42.51 million yuan, an increase of 10.5 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother $9,326 million, an increase of 15.41 per cent in the same year; net loss to the mother $7,400 billion, an increase of 19.99 per cent in the same year. Of this, single q4 achieved a robust income and a strong profitability performance in the three business portfolios.
The increase in operating income of $8.259 billion was 3.40 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the growth in operating income from wireless and cable products; and 2) operating income from government enterprises was $13.584 billion, a decrease of 7.14 per cent over the same period, mainly due to a decrease in operating income from domestic cluster projects, data centres and international markets: 3)
Consumer operations achieved business income of $27,909 million, a decrease of 1.33 per cent over the same period, mainly due to a decrease in operating income from international terminals and international mobile phone products; at the profit end, companies showed strong profitability in 2023 and slightly increased cost rates: 1) Māori rates have benefited from a change in product structure
Good and sustained optimization costs, Māori rates of operator networks, government companies and consumer operations, respectively.
Accelerating the expansion from connectivity to arithmetic, and growth remains the first priority in 2024. In traditional business based on “connection”, companies have achieved bottom-level nuclear power through long-term, high-level research and development inputs.
Continued technological ownership and innovation, and competitiveness of the main products kept at the forefront of the industry; with regard to the new growth curve of “numeracy” for the year and the first quarter: deduction of net profit from non-repatriation in the first quarter, although the pace of time- and intelligence-building was introduced by the intelligence-based server in 2023
A 25.7 per cent increase with a rich product matrix and a significant increase in profitability. Differences in the mix have had an impact on growth, but the Division has constructed a comprehensive matrix based on servers and products such as storage, switchboards, data centres, etc., based on the accumulated capacity for software and hardware development in the field of communications over the years, which will be implemented in the future.
Yang , considering the company’s long-term maintenance of high R & D inputs in new areas and bottom technologies, we believe that the product structure is one of the most important components of the project.
Uncertainty in the international political environment, intellectual property rights, exchange rates, interest rates, customer credit risk, and strong earnings performance drive core growth; q4 single-quarter double-digit income growth is achieved quarterly.
Sub-operations: 1) Operator network operations generated business income of $82,759 million, an increase of 3.40 per cent over the same period. Among these, in the case of the operator ' s traditional network, companies have further consolidated their technological leadership, continued to upgrade their core competitiveness, the market pattern was strong, income growth was sustained; in the case of the operator network, the company ' s traditional utility servers were transported in the country.
Businesses remain in the lead, the timing of the launch of the smartness server is different from the build-up rhythm, the overall income of the server is increasing, companies are increasing their research and development investment in related products and solutions in an effort to restore growth. (2) Businesses achieve business revenue of $13,584 million, a 7.14 per cent decrease compared to the previous year, mainly due to the domestic clustering.
The company focuses on the domestic political and business market, 2023, based on bottom core technologies such as chips, databases and operating systems, enhanced self-research products and solutions, servers, data exchange, data centres, distributed databases, etc., in key industry strategies such as the Internet, finance, etc.
Client layout continues to be optimized, but income growth is challenged by the pace of investment in industry and priority customer construction. 3) Consumer operations achieve business income of $27,909 million, a decrease of 1.33 per cent in the same year, mainly due to international household end-of-life and reduced operating income from international mobile phone products.
On the ground, companies promote fibre-optic networks from gigabytes to gigabytes, create a landscape, full-light connections, and enhance the competitiveness of household terminals through self-research chips, with fttr taking the lead in adding a new market share, w-fi keeping the product first in delivery for four years, driving household end-income growth; and, in mobile products, maintaining cost-leading, differentiated innovation strategies.
New products such as Red Pro, Naked 3d tablet Nubiapad3d, Excursions, Freeline Series, and negative growth in income from mobile phones. In international markets, companies have developed soc chipwi-fi7 products on a scale in Japan, Spain, Italy, etc., to upgrade their market position, ztebladev50design, Nubianeo5g
However, as a result of falling market demand and increased competition, household terminals and mobile products received a total revenue from communications operations (sub-business) in Central Asia. In 2023, the company profit-side sub-project showed that the Māori rate benefited from changes in product structure and continued cost optimization.
The profitability of the plate has been strong; at the cost end, there has been a sustained increase in R & D inputs, with a slight increase in the cost rate over the period: (1) Māori ratio of 49.11 per cent for the operator network, an increase of 2.89 percentage points over the same period, mainly at the receiving point, mainly the international household information terminal and the increase in the M & A rate for mobile phone products.
Investment in technical areas such as storage, innovation operations, etc. (4) Financial costs of $11.01 billion, a decrease of 774.75 per cent over the same period, were lost during the previous year, mainly due to exchange rate fluctuations during the current period. (5) Income tax costs of $962 million were almost the same as in the previous year.
In 2023, the company's combined Māori rate and the combined net interest rate were both newly high in five years, with a slight decline in the profitability of q4.
On the first curve, which is dominated by “connection”, communications are closely following the pace of the operator's business transformation and changes in the investment structure. Keeping in the lead in the wireless and wired areas, the 5g base station and the 5g core network are ranked second in the world for the fourth year in a row, the Rand and 5g core network products are rated by industry leaders, and light access products are on the 10gpon market.
The share is second in the world. At the same time, innovative technologies and programmes, such as 5g-a, full-light networks, 5g new applications, continue to evolve, and joint operators have conducted multi-scenes commercial validation and deployments, such as oscillations, industrial on-site networks, cross-senses, redcap, etc.
In the second curve business, represented by “arithmetic”, companies are actively responding to new opportunities and challenges in the development of arithmetic infrastructure as a result of the breakthrough in artificial intelligence technology. Based on years of accumulated capacity in software and hardware development in the area of communications, there is greater input in the fields of computing base facilities, software platforms, large models and applications, in a stereo layout, server roll-out and other applications.
The storage of products such as data centre switches, data centres, large models of nebula series, and the acceleration of the deepening of connectivity to arithmetic.
5g+ai nubiapad3di, nubiaz60ultra, ai5gfwa products, w-fi7 and ftr products, 5g-coated pens, etc., with 5gfwa&mb being the world’s top share, poncpe, dslcpe, ip topbox, etc.
The mobile market is first, and the cloud computer terminal has the largest share in the domestic operator’s market. Automobile electro-promotion works in depth with a number of head cars, such as one, east wind, long-ann, and upper steam.
The international economic and political situation is complex, communications operations and branch operations cover more than 100 countries and regions, and the macroeconomic, policy and political and social environments in countries where operations take place vary, including the impact of the operation of communications in laws.
Intercom has been focusing on research and development of product technologies and the protection and management of intellectual property rights. The labels “zte” or “zte” used in the production of products and the provision of services have the exclusive right to register trademarks and to adopt, to the greatest extent possible, a wide range of such products and services, including, but not limited to, patenting rights or copyright registration.
In the form of intellectual property protection. However, even with the adoption and implementation of very stringent intellectual property protection measures, intellectual property disputes with other telecommunications equipment manufacturers, patent licensed companies and cooperative carriers with China, which will continue to advance in an open, cooperative and win-win manner, cannot be completely avoided.
The central communications consolidated statement is presented as the renminbi, and the central communications exchange rate risk is derived mainly from the foreign currency exposure and exchange rate fluctuations arising from sales, purchases and financing in non-PRC, and the potential emerging communications interest rate risk is derived mainly from interest-bearing liabilities, with interest rate fluctuations in this foreign currency holding interest on the foreign currency.
Total expenditure has changed, thereby affecting its profitability. Communications in China provide clients with a full range of communications solutions, with a large client base and a certain variety of clients with different levels of credit, and with different credit profiles leading to business development in communications in China.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.