A robust growth in performance, with full-time deployment stimulating potential for the future
34.86 billion yuan, an increase of 14.68 per cent over the same period; a net return of 1,485 million yuan, an increase of 17.80 per cent over the same year; a robust operation in the main business and a significant increase in profitability; and a two-digit increase in the profits of q4 income, supported mainly by a network of operators.
Assessment: steady development highlights resilience, with a sustained increase in the Māori rate - 20 RMB 82,759 million, an increase of 3.40 per cent over the same period, mainly due to increased revenues from wireless and cable products; business revenue from government enterprises, 13,584 million yuan, a decrease of 7.14 per cent over the same period.
Reduction in operating income from domestic integrated projects, data centres and international markets; Consumer operating income assessment: withholding of non-net interest rates beyond expectations and continuous strengthening of arithmetical research and development investment $27,909 million, a decrease of 1.33 per cent in comparison, mainly due to international household terminals and international mobile phone products
3. Communications depths (000063.sz) report: ict dragons head in the middle of the transition calculation, the second curve opens up the growth space to 37.770 billion yuan, or 30.4 per cent, of the operating income: the profitability of all three operations has increased.
The Māori rate for people's business is 22.26%, an increase of 4.50 pct over the same year, mainly due to increased R&D inputs from international family information terminals, hands-on, and sustained growth in the three-wheel drive of “connecting” “calculus” “end” operations.
The pace of transformation and changes in the investment structure of the operator is maintained in the lead in wireless and wired areas, with 5g base stations and 5g core network shipments ranked second globally for the fourth year in a row.) In the second curve, represented by “arithmetic”, the company rolls out servers and storage, data-centre exchanges, data centres, and nebula series.
Products such as models accelerate the expansion from connectivity to arithmetic. In the case of intelligence servers, companies have introduced e.g., e.g., i.r. 6900g5, specially designed for large model training. In large models and applications, companies use the "1+n+x" strategy, and the basic model (the Big Nebula Model) uses self-research and eco-cooperation.
And on that basis, by pre-training “n” models in fields of knowledge enhancement, including the development of generation models, large communication models, large government models, large park models, etc., while companies derive “x” applications based on large area models, building new engines for intellectual transformation of industrial numbers. 3) In the end, communication is emerging.
By building an ani-driven landscape wisdom eco 3.0, innovative products and programs are being introduced around mobile terminals, intelligent families, cloud computers, and auto-electronics. Investment proposals: companies connect to their owners to become more business-resilient, and full-calort deployment is expected to stimulate corporate growth.
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.