Super-profit performance is excellent, with attention to the second curve and especially to the progress of the arithmetic. For the fourth quarter alone, business income is now $34,857 million, an increase of 14.68 per cent over the same period.
The business Māori rate has risen rapidly, leading to an overall high level of profitability: by branch, the operator's operating income in 2023 amounted to $82,759 million, an increase of 3.40 per cent over the same period, and Māori's increased by 9.6 percentage points.
A rapid increase in profitability was achieved by optimizing costs and increasing the sale of high-end products, and this led to a 41.53 per cent increase in the Māori rate, a 4.34 percentage point increase in the same year and a 7.44 per cent net interest rate for companies throughout 2023; sustained promotion of R&D inputs to increase the business development profile related to ai arithmetic: the company conducted a 2023 year-long study
With $25.290 billion, R & D costs reached 20.4%, with 2.8 percentage points significantly higher than the previous year, which is the highest in history. The company builds a web-wide platform around “data, arithmetic, network” that is extremely effective, green, intelligent, and that meets the core needs of the “cloud, edge, end” diversity landscape.
The company servers support end-to-end smart-measure solutions such as isomer acceleration and liquid cooling, building training machines, etc., and develop them autonomously.
The generic big model, the pre-training “n” large-scale model, has introduced a series of new products for diverse scenarios such as ai, high-performance computing, and for variations in deployments at different levels of the centre to the periphery. We expect future arithmetic-related operations to sustain corporate revenue performance over the next few years, and to move forward.
But the company's first priority in 2024, and we expect that in 2024, while ensuring that the core competitiveness of the first curve operations, represented by traditional wireless, cable-based and other related products, will continue to grow, the second curve operations, which are represented by arithmeticals, will be rapidly scaled up to yield, net profit and double growth.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.