Reforms are on high growth, and next year they'll be more resilient.
• At the end of the income line: Intra-provincial economic recovery led to a high growth in gold prizes, and out-of-provincial channels managed to keep up the price of flowers. 1) Intra-provincial sales revenue is 2 billion dollars, i.e. +41% of the same year, while intra-provincial sales revenue is boosted by gold prizes. Intra-provincial sales revenue is 2 billion dollars, i.e. +41% of the same year, and consumption structure upgrades drive the gold.
The prizes, combined with grass-roots research, have benefited from production such as the warming of the coal economy in Shanxi province, which generated 1.390 billion dollars in out-of-town sales, compared to 42%, and brand power and channel power, which boosted the price of fresh flowers.
Quick-floating + 20 and Qinghua 30 billings + 20 and 70, respectively, and judging the line + 45%-55%. Companies take a fee-control model for core single items such as Qinghua 20 and 30, and control distributors' fees are put to the end, and the price of the Qinghua series is constantly on the line.
All right, the price increases are expected to continue. Three major battle markets - Henan, Shandong, Beijing - have been identified outside the province, with centralized cost resources placed in key markets, detonated from the county markets, point-blank breakthroughs, driving the perimeter, and growth is expected to accelerate in the second half of the year. 3) Share companies are expected to take over the group.
According to the Shanxi daily, in 2017, the rum group collected $3.72 billion, and the inverted group collected about $300 million, or 8% of the proceeds of the liquor series, and the Public Department of Equity was judged to be responsible for the vast majority of the National Finance Committee ' s income appraisal targets.
At the profit end: Māori rises to lower consumer tax rates, and income expansion is expected to drive costs down. 1) Structural upgrades, 1h17 Māori 71.1%, compared to 2.5pt. High-priced white wine in companies and low-priced white wine sales revenue of $2.28 billion, 980 million, compared to 47% and +34%, respectively.
The prices of more than $300 have been growing faster than those of less than $300 since 4q16. Companies spend the second half of the year focusing on out-of-town markets, while remaining steadfast in pushing green flowers, and product upgrading will continue, with the share expected to return to its peak level of 12 years.
The tax rate is 14.3%, corresponding to 1.8 pct. The main reason is that the consumer tax should have been overpaid during the same period last year, which is now nearly double the rate of +190 million, and that the main reason is that companies are raising brand power through air advertising, such as the new commercials and the series of ads that put "China in the bones of the veggie."
It's obvious that the increase in brand power will lead to a return to historical heights, accompanied by a downward adjustment in revenue expansion-driven costs, a slight recovery in net interest rates to higher levels, profit elasticity.
Profit forecasting and valuation: we judge that income expansion will accelerate, while medium- and high-end products will increase + price increases, the Māori rate will continue upwards, the cost ratio will decline after income increases, net gains will be over 2/2 hours, expected to be completed throughout the year
3. Shanxi Liquor Research Report: Recovering the needs within the province, re-routing out of the province, 17 years of expected revenue.