Cruise tires (601058.sh) Basic chemicals group Global layout acceleration, “liquid gold” growth
A steady improvement in performance and accelerated expansion: company tyre sales increased to 4362 in 2021, with 1,155,000 full steel, 46.5 million semi-steel and 100,000 non-road tires at the end of the year Market value (RMB): $10.79
The size of the production capacity of half a steel and 250,000 tons of non-road births will sustain a high growth in corporate performance as the build-up capacity within and outside the country continues to be released. The industry’s bottom is warming, and the company remains strong as the headborn: car production and retention.
The steady growth supports the demand for tyres; the competitive pattern of the industry is optimized under both policy implications and trade friction pressure. High prices for core raw materials have fallen, subsequent price movements are expected to be weak, and shipping costs have returned to normal and the digestion of overseas stocks, current industry orders and
The company, as a leader, has achieved an increase in its market share over the past two years, and the sector is expected to become more competitive in a positive context. “Liquid gold” leads to innovation, product performance is excellent, and energy-efficient is environmentally friendly: the company relies on it.
The ve Rubber Research Institute, which built “liquid gold” materials using continuous liquid-combining techniques, has achieved a synchronized increase in wet-resistant, rolling resistance and grinding resistance. As the production of “liquid gold” materials has been expanded, it has increased the brand value of support companies.
The forward-looking deployment of overseas production bases was the least affected by the “double-reverse” policy: the company was first deployed in Viet Nam in 2011, with a total of 4.25 million full steel, 12.5 million steel and 50,000 non-road births abroad at the end of 2021 and is expected to rise to 2024
6.9 million full steel, 25 million half steel and 100,000 non-road tires. In order to ensure a smooth expansion of new capacity off the sea, the company issued a transferable debt in November 2022 to raise $2 billion in net profit from the mother (million yuan).
The yuan was used for the construction of three phases of the Viet Nam project and the Cambodian base, with the initial result of the debt transfer, the tax rate for the race round in Viet Nam was 6.23 per cent, consistent with the initial results and the lowest level of co-operation, roe (belonging to the parent company) (contribution)
And the Cambodian region has zero tax rates, and the company’s products have a significant advantage in the export market. Given the industry’s bottom line, the company’s new output is abundant, while the price of raw materials with “liquid gold” fluctuates significantly; the release of new capacity is lower than expected; international trade frictions; and “liquids”
“Gold” tyre promotion is less than expected: maritime tension continues: exchange rate fluctuations: major shareholder pledge: first, domestic tyre enterprise leads, output scale continues to expand, 1.1 product matrix is clear and performance is steadily improving
Twenty years of deep farming, with a rich and comprehensive product. Founded in 2002, the company has been increasing its product quality and brand influence, and has now become a leader in the domestic tyre industry, ranking 15th among the top 75 tire companies in 2022, the country’s fourth largest tyre company in the world (the first three are the top 20 players in China).
The company's products are currently well-structured and are divided into semi-steel meridian, full steel meridian and non-road tyres, which are widely used in the areas of cars, light-loaded vehicles, buses, trucks, engineering, machinery and special vehicles to meet the needs of a wide range of scene tyres.
The company’s annual output of non-road tyres has continued to rise upwards since it was listed in 2011, and as the volume of production and sales continues to grow, the company’s operating income has steadily upwards. The company’s sales of tyres have increased from 27.6 million in 2014 to 43.62 million in 2021, compared to 7 per cent in Cagr.
In 2021, a total of $18 billion in gross operating income was achieved, of which $16.1 billion was earned on tyres and $16.7 billion on tyres over the last five years, of which $15.3 billion was earned on tyres.
In 2015, the US introduced a “double-in” tariff on the domestic tyre industry, adding domestic tyre excess capacity, and a decline in corporate performance in the context of industry receding.
(b) The industry as a whole has continued to be under pressure since 2022 against the background of increased intra-industry diplomatic difficulties, but in contrast the company's performance has been relatively stable, characterized as superior to that of its counterparts, taking into account the erosion of the influence of adverse subsequent factors and the progressive release of the company's capacity to build.
It is hoped that business will continue to improve, thereby contributing to a steady upward performance. Figure 4: Comparable income from tyre products from companies (millions of dollars) Figure 5: Comparable income growth from tyres products from companies
The Māori rate for tyre products is at the top of the industry and the bottom of overall profitability is warming. The trend is largely consistent with the change in Māori rates for corporate products and industry development, with industry-wide Māori rates rising steadily towards better levels by 2015, with industry rates generally falling in 2017 due to rapidly rising prices for raw materials, followed by business-owned Māori prices returning to normal prices for raw materials.
The rate has also begun to be repaired. In recent years, in the context of international trade frictions, the company’s overseas factories have remained in good shipping condition, and as the capacity of overseas production has continued to expand, the rate of Maori for tyre products has rapidly increased from 18.7 per cent in 2017 to 2020, and the cost-effective production capacity of companies such as Cambodia and Viet Nam will continue to be released and added up to the bottom of the industry.
The stable equity structure provides a good internal basis for the company ' s long-term development. In 2018, the company ' s management was restructured to take over the company ' s chairman, and in November 2020, it was transferred by agreement, entrusted management, etc.
The company became the real controller of the listed company, and now has a total shareholding ratio of more than 20% (including indirect holdings), and the risk of an enhanced ownership structure in the Ministry has been eliminated. In early 2023, the company re-established its management, headed by Ms. Liu Yinhua, former Vice-President, Executive Vice-President, Financial Director, and Mr. Sik Yuen, the real control officer.
The executive has a wealth of industrial resources and management experience, and companies are expected to become more efficient and better informed.
High profile within the industry, currently serving as the Permanent Deputy Director of the National Technical Research Centre for Rubber and Tyre Engineering, Senior Vice-President of the China Rubber Industry Association, Deputy Director of the National Engineering Laboratory for the Advanced Equipment and Critical Materials of Tyres, and Chief Member of the Committee of Experts of the Shandong Province Rubber Industry Association.
To manage the soft-control shares at full capacity, to create the Qingdao High School Soft-controlled shares during the Qingdao Soft-controlled period, and to use the term “Informationization and transformation of traditional industries” as a strategic management company, to take over the wheel tires after resigning from the position of Chairman of Soft Holdings in 2018, to become Chairman and President of the race wheels, to complete the turn-management transfer in 2023 and to remain in the race tires and soft-control stock.
Softly controlled shares are the upstream firms that race wheel tyres, with two companies that have more business contacts, and Mr. Sik Yuen has a wealth of industry experience and industrial resources that can provide companies with full support in terms of technology, management, and industrial chains. Production efficiency has improved significantly, based on the fast-track replication capacity of the rubber-chain cloud platform to construct modularization, standardization, and platform-based replication.
On June 11, 2020, the company officially released a platform called "Silling Clouds" to enable the platform to effectively manage the production of tires, core equipment and production processes, with a view to digitalizing and upgrading them to improve their combined efficiency. The production side company and the science majors signed a strategic agreement to create a joint innovation centre for artificial intelligence in the rubber tyre industry; and sales side integrated with the depth of the alumni system.
To build a digital supply system for the company, the system has been online for only six months, with an overall efficiency increase of more than 20 per cent, a 15 per cent increase in stock rotations and a 50 per cent reduction in excess stocks. The service-end timp platform uses object networking and margin computing techniques to achieve cloud-side synergy, real-time collection of indicators of temperature, pressure, velocity, etc. of each tyre in the process of driving, reducing the speed of driving.
Cost management is improved, Roe is a leading partner. The company’s cost rate has declined steadily in recent years, with significant increases in equity incentives in 2020 and a 7.4% increase in corporate management costs over the year.
As low as 9.6 per cent in terms of operating management efficiency, the efficiency of the company ' s inventory and accounts receivable turnover is in the middle of the same industry, and management effectiveness begins to decline in the context of the industry ' s downside, but remains at the top of the industry.
Figure 12: Compared to the construction work of the company Roe, the asset structure continues to improve. With the company ' s global production profile moving forward, 2021 began at an all-time high of more than 10 years, and total assets continue to rise.
The asset-liability rate is generally high, and in recent years the asset structure has also begun to improve, against the backdrop of a sustained rise in corporate profitability, with 1.3 visions of the world, the expansion of the expansiveness accelerating, the implementation of a global operating strategy and the advancement of offshore production bases. Companies are the first to be built overseas in the tyre industry.
The company, which currently owns six factories, both inside and outside the country, with full steel meridian tyres at the end of 2021, has achieved a significant increase in production capacity throughout the year through successive projects, adding to the expansion of the original base capacity. The company’s three products are fully planned and will have 26.6 million steel tyres per year and 88 million steel tyres per year, based on the completion of the total design capacity.
Ten thousand and a half steel and 100,000 tons of non-road tires, together with the industrial chain, driven by the recovery of downstream demand, will be well-developed, adding up to the build-up of productive capacity and the rapid growth of corporate revenues. With the impact of the “double-in” policy, firms build offshore plants faster.
The demand is also high, domestic tyre companies have started to build factories to produce tyres in lower-tax South-East Asia, mainly in Europe and North America, and companies have been setting up in Viet Nam as early as 2011. In recent years, in the context of a “double-reverse” survey of our tyre products, domestic firms have become more motivated to build overseas plants.
Special emphasis has also been placed on the construction of overseas bases, which have been significantly expanded to cover 1 million full steel, 4 million half steel and 50,000 tons of non-road tires: on the other hand, an additional investment of RMB 1.1 billion in a project to produce 5 million half-bores a year in Cambodia, which, when completed, will have the capacity to produce 9 million half-bores a year.
The overall global layout is more balanced, with a significant increase in corporate output over the next two years. Compared to the productive planning of individual firms, the Division’s products are well developed and evenly distributed, both within and outside the country.
The main new production bases are in Vietnam and Cambodia, where the pace of production and delivery is relatively better controlled, and the speed of release is also much faster. In terms of timescales, measured according to the new production and release plans announced by each enterprise, the company’s overseas capacity is more than superior in terms of volume and size over the next two years, with three products based on the size of its overseas capacity.
The company raised $2 billion in November 2022 through the issuance of a transferable debt to ensure the smooth construction and release of overseas production capacity.
The yuan was used for investment in three projects in Viet Nam (3 million semi-treeds per year, 1 million full steel tyres and 50,000 tons of non-road tyres) and in Cambodia (nine million semi-treeds per year), with a total priority sale of 1,450 million yuan to former shareholders, representing 72.1 per cent of the total circulation.
By 1 November 2028, the final interest rate levels for each interest-bearing year were: 0.3 per cent in the first year, 0.5 per cent in the second year, 2.86 billion yuan in income and 600 million yuan in net profit after the end of the third year, and 2,160 million yuan in net profit after the completion of the half-steel project in Cambodia.
Expatriate earnings have been rising, and overseas factories have become an important pillar of corporate profitability. As the power of overseas factories has increased in recent years, the sales of corporate products abroad have continued to expand, with corporate sales abroad reaching $13 billion in 2021, accounting for 72.3% of total revenues, while benefiting from raw materials, labour costs, and South-East Asia.
The tax rate is low, the company ' s Māori sales rate is consistently higher than the Māori internal sales rate, which stood at less than 12 per cent in 2021. The Māori sales rate is still 21.5 per cent, the gross profit ratio is 82 per cent, and the overall profitability is expected to increase further in the future as the company ' s layout for overseas factories accelerates.
Figure 19: Companies ' operating income, both within and outside the company (millions of yuan) Figure 20: The Māori ratio of corporate sales has been better than the Māori ratio of domestic sales Figure 21: The share of overseas markets in the company's operating income has continued to rise
For example, with its steady and excellent product performance, the company became an official tire partner for the cdb season of 2023, offering a high-performance tyre product for the competition alone. In 2022, the World Brandlab hosted the 19th World Brandlab World Brand Congress, with a brand value of $68,568 million.
List 119, an increase of $9,812 million over last year’s, is the sixth-placed list after the first mark of $21,882 million in 2017. At the same time, four-degree rankings are in the top 500 Asian brands, and in the top 331 of the 2022 Asian brand 500, up from four last year’s, a gradual upgrading of brand power has contributed to a better positioning of the company’s products.
As the trend in the consumption of tyre products shifts to high-quality, high-performance, green, and green, companies are also increasingly focusing on product rotational upgrading, which, by increasing product quality and expanding the production capacity of high-end products, is expected to hit the first global echelon of tyres in the future. Second, the industry’s bottom is warming, and domestic poles are rising.
2.1 - Dark times have passed, and industry demand has underpinned the tyre industry’s long-term steady rise in demand and the size of the market. Although the effects of the global economy’s downside and epidemic-restricted movement in the past two years have reduced the purchasing power of downstream markets and the loss of tyres, resulting in a decline in sales to 1.6 billion in 2020.
As the epidemic slowed down in 2021, overall sales rose to more than 1.7 billion, and overall overall total sales of the global tyre market showed a steady upward trend. The demand for future suites and replacements will continue to be better in the long run, benefiting from the steady expansion of the global car market.
Domestic demand in the entire steel market has contributed significantly, and the semi-styren market is still the main consumer market in Europe and America. With the whole steel tires, due to the size of our downstream infrastructure and the high demand for new heavy engineering vehicles in China in 2021, the whole steel-bore package was created in China.
The demand ratio for replacement markets reached 39% and 61%, respectively, and China’s demand for whole steel is expected to be sustained, while there is still room for upgrading demand in regions such as Africa. Half steel is now dominated by Central Europe and the United States in the semi steel demand market, considering China’s current gas industry, due to its higher historical holdings in the US and Europe’s passenger cars, and China’s low consumption of replacements.
Vehicle production and holdings have continued to increase, reaching 115 million, or 46 per cent, in 2021, with a similar increase in consumption of replacement products, and China’s share of demand is expected to increase steadily in the future semi-steel market. Figure 23: Distribution of the whole steel market (millions)
Figure 24: Distribution of the semi-store consumption market (millions) The domestic tyre replacement market is low and there is still much room for growth in the future. In contrast to the global market, China’s automobile and tyre industries are starting late, and end markets are less mature than in the Euro-American region, which also leads to the structural persistence of the tyre market.
In 2021, the share of China’s tyre replacement market was only 56%, well below the global average, and in 2021, except for the Asian market, the ratio of the replacement market in Europe and Africa reached 4:1, the domestic replacement market had greater scope for upgrading, and the national production of Chinese automobiles was increasing.
Upgraded, and vehicle holdings grew steadily and at a significantly higher annual rate than the world average, the domestic tyre replacement market is projected Figure 25: Global tyre consumption structure (millions) Accompanied market demand recovers with the car industry: replacement market demand continues with the steady growth of our vehicle holdings
The demand for the tyre support market depends on annual vehicle production, which fluctuated between 2014 and 2019 at about 90 million vehicles per year in the area of downstream automobiles, with tyre support consumption almost equal to 450-50 million zones, with negative growth starting in 2018. Given the current global car market as a whole,
Ten thousand, a 3.6% increase over the same year, and the demand for the side of the market will warm up in tandem with the recovery of downstream industries. The demand for the replacement market is set at hundreds of millions, but given that per capita vehicle holdings in the country are still low, the market capacity for the replacement of tyres is expected to continue in the medium to long term.
Figure 27: Global accompaniment market demand as a result of vehicle production Figure 28: Our vehicle production (millions) Figure 29: Our vehicle holdings (millions)
2.2 The pattern of competition continues to be optimized, the share of the head business increases, domestic small-scale manufacturing under supply-side reforms is clear, and the industry moves to a high-quality stage of development. The tyre industry has been characterized by low-end excess capacity, a small and large number of producers, and a high degree of product homogenization, which began in 2014 by the State supply side.
As a result of the reform and environmental-related policy implications, the tyre industry has begun to restructure, phase out low-end and backward production in the industry, and the number of registered businesses in the market has fallen significantly from more than 500 before 2016 to 230 by 2020. The policy-level drive continues to optimize the industry, with market concentration expected to increase further.
This year, in the province-wide implementation of the “Three affirmative” action programme (2021-2022), the emphasis was clearly on “resolve, too poor productive capacity”, with a total of 1.2 million steel meridian tyres with a capacity of less than 1.2 million in 2022 and a half-steel of less than 5 million in 2022.
A total of 18 provincial tyre manufacturers were affected, with 31.17 million production capacity phased out, of which 5.56 million were fully steel producing, representing about 3% of the country’s capacity, and 2,561 million steel producing, representing about 4% of the country’s capacity. The advantage of leading companies in forward-looking offshore bases was highlighted.
The important advantage of high value for money of tyres has been significantly weakened in the United States, a high-mori market, and the export of tyres has been hit by a major blow. Domestic tyre firms remain highly dependent on export markets, and building offshore bases to integrate production and marketing in the current context of rising trade frictions has become an inevitable trend.
The US market, which relies on domestic and other markets only for relatively limited profits, has not had sufficient financial power to deploy abroad, and the competitive advantage of the top tires of the overseas layout has been highlighted, so that overseas revenues can still sustain better growth, domestic leaders continue to increase capital spending and seize opportunities to seize the global market.
The market space otherwise occupied by small and medium-sized enterprises could be released, leading firms could further increase their share of the domestic market. At the same time, the South-East Asian region has a lower combined “double-reverse” tax rate and relatively lower prices for rubber raw materials, attracting a large number of domestic heads of tyre enterprises to invest in local plants, taking into account trade frictions and other factors.
For example, in 2021, a total of $9.14 billion was added to the fixed assets of pyrotechnic tyres, an increase of 24% over the same period, and 1.44 billion yuan in construction. In the future, the concentration of the domestic tyre market is expected to increase with the phasing out of small-scale production and the release of the production of leading firms.
Figure 35: Construction in progress in the Shin Wan tyre industry (millions of yuan) Figure 36: Fixed assets in the Shin Wan tyre industry (millions of yuan) Domestic tyre enterprises have hit the global market at a dependencies-based price advantage and head-to-head ownership has continued to increase.
The quality of our tyre products is constantly improving, and we are gradually gaining recognition in the global market, but the lack of brand power continues to make domestic firms dependent mainly on competitive value for money against overseas brands. Of the top 75 players in the world in 2022, only Chinese rubber entered the top 10 sales (the sales figure is 2021), the top ten.
The share of sales fell to 60.6 per cent, in addition to the first 20 years, with the number of lily tyres and race tires, which reached 2.6 per cent, 1.6 per cent and 1.5 per cent in mid-2021, respectively, of which the share of the global market was less than 1 per cent in 2016. In the past five years, there has been a significant increase in sales by national tyre-producing enterprises.
New retailing, for example: the Sino-Teun shop went on line in 2018, Linglong launched the Smart Retail Platform app and the “Bureau Station” subprograms in 2020 and 2021, and the race wheel set up the “Agle Chain Cloud” platform in 2020 to help tyre enterprises integrate upstream and downstream resources and upgrade branding effects through the development of new retail models, the resource and cost advantages of future head enterprises or more.
Figure 37: Changes in the world’s top ten cities’ share of tyres 2.3 Shipping costs return to normal.
Serious delays, the suspension of container terminal operations led to port congestion, the start-up of shipping in the second half of 2020 in a context of extreme tension, continued upswing in 2021, with China ' s export container prices index (ccfi) reaching an all-time high in 2021, while prices remained high in the first three quarters of 2022, the US-East route in 2022, the US-West route in 2022, and the US-West route in 2022.
The annual average of the European Shipping Lines Index rose by 186%, 209%, and 345%, respectively, in 2019. The continued increase in shipping costs affected the country’s price-effectiveness of tyre products and discouraged customers’ procurement, thus undermining overseas sales and gross profits.
In the earlier period, a large amount of offshore stocks had arrived at the port, and the surge in shipping costs had fallen rapidly in the context of high stocks, and the dealer’s purchasing power had been suppressed again. Maritime transport had now officially returned to normal, and industrial orders had begun to recover after several months of consumption of overseas stocks, and the overseas operations of our flagship companies would remain good for the long term.
The cost of a tyre enterprise is largely composed of raw materials, labour, energy, depreciation of equipment, and other costs, of which the cost of raw materials is generally more than 70%. The share of natural and synthetic rubber is the highest in terms of raw materials.
In 2021, rubber prices continued to rise as a result of repeated epidemics, severe weather conditions and rising crude oil prices, with natural rubber, butylene rubber, septine rubber rising by 12 per cent, 18 per cent, 15 per cent, and tyre industry, respectively, under pressure. Prices of rubber have begun to rebound since 2022, taking into account industry demand and supply.
Improved relations and the easing of oil prices, weak rubber prices and, as the pressure on raw materials subsides, the level of Maori in the tyre industry.
Michelin was the first to launch a “green tyre” from structural innovation to material innovation. The world’s first pneumatic tyre was born in 1845, and was widely used after the Dumblep UK developed a pneumatic bicycle in 1888, and the tyres were optimized in subsequent applications until the French company Michelin developed it through structural innovation in 1948.
Midday tyres, which are the most widely used tyres in the world today. After the basic configuration of the tyre structure, industrial innovation has also begun to turn its eyes to the material field, as exemplified by the “green tires” introduced by Michelin in 1992.
The laws of the Devil Triangle are hard to break, and the "green tyres" are not as popular as expected. The "Devil Triangle" refers to three properties of the tyre, namely grinding, humid-resistant, and rolling resistance that cannot be improved simultaneously.
In terms of wear and tear indices, the higher the value is the tyre ' s ability to wear, the longer it travels, the longer it moves: rolling resistance means that when a tyre rolls in contact with the ground, its structure is deformed by weight, its components heat up, and the engine is lost to the tyre ' s kinetic energy, thus reducing the tyre ' s rolling resistance saves fuel consumption.
Consumption: Insistance is determined by the land grab capacity of tyres on dry, wet and ice and snow surfaces, and the longer the tires are wet-resistant, the shorter the speed of the brakes, the more safe they are. The grinding of tyres depends on the hardness of the rubber and the production process, the lower the pure hardness of the rubber, and the need to add a lot of fillings to increase the strength and the wearability of the rubber. But when the tires roll, the treads become more secure.
The friction of fillings in rubber increases the internal heat of the rubber, thus increasing the rolling resistance of tyres. Moreover, increased hardness of filling reduces the area of the tyre’s exposure to the ground, and thus its water resistance.
Although safety and environmental protection have improved with the addition of “white carbon black,” they have reduced grindability and higher production costs, and there is no value-for-money advantage to ordinary tyres, so the application of “green tyres” in our country is not ideal. Wet-based smelting techniques have emerged, and driving the production of “green tyres” has also become an opportunity to decipher the laws of the Devil's Triangle.
In 2001, the United States company Kabott proposed a wet process, using powdered fillings and liquid emulsions as a feedstock, to disperse powder fillings into silts or suspended fluids in water, blended with pre-processed rubber milk blending, condensing, dehydration, etc., to prepare composites of products. The wet process can overcome a dry mix of energy consumption, process dust and dust.
There are many deficiencies, such as high lifting and poor quality stability of products, that are aimed at improving the fragmentation of fillings and the ability of the blending. The original drying of “green tyres” not only adds a limited amount of white carbon black, but also causes environmental pollution when white carbon blacks are mixed, and the use of wet processes increases the amount of white carbon black, also from the fundamental point of view.
It addresses the environmental pollution caused by the black and white carbon fly, promotes the subsequent production and optimization of “green tyres” and provides a good foundation for technological advances in the tyre industry.
The company was first founded by Qingdao University of Technology (formerly known as Qingdao Chemical Institute), which led a group of excellent teacher students, and it draws a great deal of technical talent from Qing University every year. The company’s founder and controlling owner, Mr. Qing Jian Xue, is also the owner of the soft-consumption shares.
The control shares are incubated by a project to support the compact machines on board the big Qingco, and the main business and technical advantages lie in the field of rubber machinery, so that the soft control shares can provide the company with tyre manufacturing equipment and materials. The Ivey Rubber Research Institute, which is co-financed by the soft control shares and Yuan, is a research and development agency directly attached to the National Technical Research Centre for Rubber and Tyre Engineering and specializes in new rubber.
As a whole, the race round is centred on Yuen, which is closely linked to the Qingdao University of Technology, the Soft Holdings and the Imvey Rubber Institute, and several companies have jointly achieved a “production-learning-research” approach, using Mr. Yuan as their core, to create a “liquid gold” vec glue with continuous liquid-mixing techniques and to improve the three dimensions of the tyre's performance.
Research and development of synthetic rubber-wet blending techniques started in 2013 at the IveI Rubber Research Institute, resulting in the production of the verc glue, which is recognized by industry as “liquid gold”. This is a synthetic glue/white carbon, which is legal in continuous fluids, and has the advantage of simplicity, greater dispersion and good processing performance compared to traditional glues.
This product is applied to lower rolling resistance, increase humid-slamp resistance and increase tyre grinding resistance, which has enabled the indicators to reach a balanced optimal level. In 2017, the company produced green tyres using evec glue, certified by the international authority for tyre testing in Spain, Didiada (Idiada), which is not decreasing tolerance.
In the context of grinding performance, tyres can achieve a level-a standard for EU regulation labels, rolling resistance indexes meet a level-b standard for EU labelling, grindability has increased significantly by more than 20 per cent compared to traditional tyres, and combined performance indicators have reached the world ' s highest level of quality.
"Little gold" materials match carbon neutral policy requirements, and tyres are both environmentally friendly and grindable. The company's "liquid gold" material tyre is a class-a standard, which means that a low-level F tyre, which brakes at 80 km/h speed, can be reduced by 18 metres and significantly improves the safety of motor vehicles. From a low-carbon environmental perspective,
As a result of a significant reduction in rolling resistance to “liquid gold” tyres, standards above level B were met, meaning that a single “liquid gold” could save 110 litres of oil by using 100,000 kilometres of tires, while carbon dioxide emissions per vehicle could be reduced by 1.1 tons or 1.3 tons. A test in Japan in April 2021 found that oil-saving performance was better than the Japanese first-line brand by 8 per cent and 100 per cent of one-born children.
The kilometre saves 0.25l fuel, saving 1,000 litres of combustion or 23.4 tons of carbon dioxide for single tires, based on 400,000 kilometres of travel cycle. At the same time, the longer life of tyres and the frequency of replacements can also be focused on the market for trucker tires, with significant long-term economic advantages.
The fuel price is assumed to be $6/l, which means that a single “liquid gold” would save $660 per 100,000 km by using a flat-rolled tire, and the price of oil saved for each flat-rolled tyre could buy two normal tires. Given the fact that the truck is more inclined to produce, the cost of the car is higher.
RMB, which is 50-60% higher than a normal D-class tyre, but given the strong oil-saving nature of the company's products, the first-line brand of Japan is estimated to save $6,000 in fuel costs if 400,000 km of single tires are moved. The economic advantage of “liquid gold” tyres is better highlighted in long-term angles.
Downstream certification and output expansion are synchronized, and brand influence is expected to increase. On the client outreach side, the sole supplier of the wheels as the East Wind, the Chinese Trailer, loaded liquid gold truck tires, 690 for its high-end delivery model, a new liquid yellow face improvement of 10% compared to the original formula, a fall of 26% in drag and 9% in oil, and its anti-wet-slamping performance and noise.
In addition, the company has now entered the system for the supply of cars with liquid gold, and the energy-saving properties of the tyres have been matched by a new fuel-fueled commercial vehicle. The company has now completed a full range of products for the new energy source, and has given priority to the development of “liquid gold” for the new energy source, making the new energy-based commercial vehicle in the pipeline.
The quality of the product is gradually gaining the approval of downstream customers, and 10,000 tons of new material for the company from “liquid gold” have been successfully produced, and the new 60,000 tons of chemical smelting project is continuing, providing sufficient raw material for the production of “liquid gold” tyres on the wheel.
3.3 Research and development techniques to capture giant tyres, which are not road-based markets, are more than 10 billion in size and demand is expected to continue to grow in the future. Non-road tyres, also known as otr tires, can be called special or engineering tyres, are generally used for construction, mining, and even agricultural activities.
The country ' s market for tyres has grown steadily, with 1.2834,000 tyres in 2020, of which 3.306 million were in demand; 9,528,000 were in demand for replacements, bringing the total market size to 26,966 million yuan; and 31.9 per cent of the year in export markets in recent years.
The above-mentioned and apparent upward trend reached 76.5 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2022; the growth rate of new contracts in the construction sector, though declining, has remained constant. On the whole, the downstream market for non-road tyres is showing a positive trend, and demand for the industry is expected to continue to grow steadily in the future.
Figure 48: Export volumes of our otr tyres (millions)
Michelin, Pristom, solid properties, etc.; non-road tyre factories in the country have wind-trained tyres, Guizhou tyres, triangular tyres, etc., of which mega-technic tyres have been very demanding in terms of production technology and manufacturing equipment, and therefore the development of giants has been monopolized by the giants of overseas tyres. After years of deep farming, the first full-scale meridian meridian giants in 2009 have been studied.
By 2016, the company was successful in developing the world’s largest time-scale tyre, 53/80r63, and in breaking its technological monopoly on mega-engineering tyres abroad. Moreover, in 2016, the company’s otr product, maxam, was successful in achieving the world’s largest producers of construction engineering machinery, mining equipment, with the advantage of super durability, payload capacity, and long-lived life.
One of them, Carterbil, became the main supplier of the Caterpillar 950 gc, marking the world’s recognition of the company’s giant technology for engineering and machinery. The power market of non-road tyres continues to match a large number of downstream customers.
The special tyre brand, "Max" , which is used by a number of equipment producers around the world, covers large-scale mining for self-dismantling, mine trucks, mt5500 mine trucks, the world's largest load vehicle at the time, and is highly demanding in terms of the weight, radiance and dampness of tyres, and this success confirms the company's ability to develop giants.
At the time, the company was also a good supplier to the country’s large architectural and engineering manufacturers, Xu Industries Group, Trinity Industries, and China’s heavy steam companies. The company’s non-road tyres are now capable of producing 100,000 tons per year in real terms, with a long-term master plan production of 350,000 tons, and with the gradual release of non-road tyres, the rate of occupancy in the non-road tyre market will expand further, and non-road tyres are expected to become companies.
The policy is in place, companies have significant advantages in overseas markets. 4.1 final tax cuts are better than expected. The wheels are the least affected by increased frictions in the tyre industry under the “double-reverse” policy. There has been a significant decrease in the number of United States tyres exported from our country. South-East Asia region
We are a major producer and exporter of tyres, and until 2008 we maintained a high growth rate of around 20%, from 134 million in 2002 to 326 million in 2007. In 2008, the United States and the European Union began a continuing “double-reverse” survey of the country, which was influenced by trade policy.
The rate of export of our tyres has dropped significantly, and the number of tyres imported from China has declined steadily from 12 million in 2017 to 2.8 million in 2020, and the number of tyres imported from South-East Asia has fallen as a result of the US “two-inverse” final decision, with corporate tax rates being the lowest in recent years. Global trade frictions have continued in recent years.
On May 13, 2020, the U.S. Usw applied for a double-inverse survey of Vietnam, Thailand, South Korea, and Taiwan, China, to limit the amount of cheap tyres being shipped to the U.S., while the area covered by the survey was expanded compared to earlier, and in June the U.S. Department of Commerce voted to launch the investigation. On May 25, 2021, the U.S. Department of Commerce announced a survey of Thailand, South Korea, Viet Nam, Taiwan, China.
The final results of the four counter-offensives were: the anti-dumping rate for Viet Nam was zero for the round, and the countervailing rate was 6.23 per cent, which was consistent with the initial determination; the anti-dumping rate for Thailand was 21.09 per cent for Linglong, which was slightly less than 22.21 per cent for the first round; and the anti-dumping duty rate for Senglong Thailand was 17.08 per cent, which was slightly higher than the initial rate of 16.66 per cent.
The company also had a construction plan for the base in Cambodia, where, with the release of future production capacity, the base’s products had a low cost advantage in South-East Asia while avoiding taxation and, taken together, a clear export advantage for the company’s products. 4.2 The cost advantage is significant, with overseas subsidiaries becoming profitable growth points.
In order to secure a stable supply of natural rubber for core raw materials, leading foreign firms have their own natural rubber plantations, such as Michelin, which owns two rubber plantations, and Pristom, which has developed a rubber-growing optimization system. Vietnam is one of the world’s five largest natural rubber sources.
Natural rubber supplies are sufficient and labour costs are lower than in the country, with companies building natural rubber deep processing bases in Viet Nam, and industrial parks surrounded by 7,000 hectares of rubber plantations and corresponding rubber processing plants, which can significantly reduce procurement and transport costs.
The company currently enjoys tax benefits of 5% of joint ventures in 2021-2027, thus benefiting from a preferential policy of 17% of the Viet Nam joint ventures over a period of 10 years, with a 20% tax rate restored after the end of the preferential period. Multiple advantages are added to the profits of the Viet Nam subsidiaries of the race round.
Capacity is significantly higher than the overall profitability of the company, with an overall net interest rate of 7.5 per cent for the company in 2021 and a net interest rate for the Vietnamese subsidiary
Overseas construction projects are rich, and future performance is expected to continue with high growth. The race round investment in Viet Nam began in 2012, with an initial investment of $95 million in the construction of a plant to produce semi-steel meridian tyres and engineering tires, which was launched in 2013; the second phase of the project also landed in 2014 and started production in 2015.
High-speed growth was achieved, with operating income rising from RMB 1.18 billion in 2015 to RMB 6.08 billion in 2021, with net profits, in addition to 9 million semi-steeds and 1.65 million all-steeds projects in Cambodia, which are expected to be completed this year. Compared to similar enterprises, the company’s overseas capacity has expanded considerably over the next two years, and its base sizes have expanded considerably over the next two years.
The “double-reverse” tax advantage is clear, and will push companies’ performance back into a high-growth period with the continuous release of overseas production capacity. Count: ten thousand units in non-road tires, ten thousand units in racing wheels, and about three tons in reference to the historical production of wheels in non-road tyres) V. Profit predictions and investment proposals
5.1 Core assumptions and profit projections: 150% steel: the capacity of the domestic base Middle East factory can be increased from 24 million to 27 million, and expansion is expected to be completed by 2022: 6 million capacity planned for the domestic mill, 4 million capacity for the expansion of the Vietnamese factory and Cambodia
With the release of new domestic and foreign capacity, it is expected to be effective in 2022-2024: the factory capacity in Qingdao Island could be increased from 3.2 million to 3.5 million, while the factory capacity in Shenyang could be increased from 3.2 million to 3.5 million.
From 4 million to 5 million, the expansion of both plants is expected to be completed in 2022; 1.2 million capacity in the country's mills, 1 million capacity in Viet Nam for the expansion of plants and 1.65 million new capacity in Cambodia's factories are scheduled to be operational in 2023: 10 million new capacity in the country's factory are still being planned and are expected to be built in 2025
3 Non-road tyres: 10,000 tons of production capacity under construction in Qingdao is expected to be operational in 2022, with an additional 40,000 tons of production capacity under construction expected to be operational in 2023: 50,000 tons of production capacity under construction in Viet Nam abroad is expected to be operational in 2023, while the Dong Jiao Project is still in the pipeline, with 50,000 tons of production expected to be released in 2024. Given the relatively good pattern of non-road tyres, products are expected to start in 2024.
(2) Profit forecasts: overall margins of the tyre industry have been good since this year, prices of core raw materials rubber have been falling since 2022, taking into account improved supply and demand relationships in the industry and the easing of oil prices, weak rubber price support, subsequent prices, there is still room for downwards and, as the pressure on the raw material has eased, the Maori rate in the tyre industry will be better synchronized.
(c) Cost assumptions for subsequent products combined unit prices are projected: sales costs are maintained at 3.2 per cent, taking into account the extension needs of the company's “liquid gold” tyre products; and research and development costs are taking into account the company's continued investment and technological excellence in the innovation of tyre materials
As a domestic head tyre enterprise, the optimal internal management of tyres has been accelerated by external expansion, and the certification of “liquid gold”-material tyres will help companies to upgrade their brand power. With the release of new capacity and the erosion of the cost-end adverse effects, companies will be able to earn more while their earnings are being restored. On the basis of the above assumptions, we predict that they will be able to earn more.
Investment proposals: The selection of several domestic head tyre enterprises as comparable companies, with the median pe of comparable companies in 2023, with a high price volatility of raw materials: raw materials such as rubber, carbon black and steel curtain lines account for more than 70 per cent of the company ' s production costs, and the Māori rate of the company ' s products will be affected if the price of these raw materials rises significantly.
2. The release of new capacity is lower than expected: the company is currently engaged in more ongoing projects, both within and outside the country, and if the project is affected by force majeure factors, the pace of production may fall short of expectations, which will have an impact on the company’s revenues. International trade friction: the offshore market for corporate products has been concentrated in areas such as the United States and the European Union, and has continued for almost two years.
“Anti-dumping, countervailing” and other international trade frictions have had a clear impact on domestic tyre companies' exports, and while the final results of the current “double backs” have been found, the export market of companies for “liquid gold” tyres has not been as popular as expected, for example, in the wake of new trade frictions and trade policy changes: the company's “liquid gold” materials tyres are still being promoted.
The expectation is that products will be able to take advantage of their superior heterogeneity, that they will be significantly economically efficient in the long term, and that, because retail prices are about 50 per cent higher than those of the same kind, the effects of product extension and poor customer import will be greater, and that company performance may be affected if subsequent shipping costs are again volatile.
Exchange rate fluctuations: Currently, more than 70 per cent of the company ' s sales earnings and more than 80 per cent of its gross profits are derived from overseas markets, and significant fluctuations in the renminbi ' s exchange rate may have an impact on the company ' s revenues.7 Large shareholder pledges: the company actually controls the shares held by Jin Xian Xue Xue, which together account for 650 million shares (including indirect shares) of the company.
21.23 per cent of total equity, cumulative pledge of 329 million shares, or 50.6 per cent of the total number of shares held in the company, within one month and two months and six months of the third month.