The Center for Consumer Upgradation and Recreational Studies, Hale Jiist, bought (first rating) a forward-looking, pro-globalist power giant.
The company’s entire industry chain is demand-oriented and a leader in the third consumer era. The end of the product holds up consumption, and Cassarty has become the country’s top brand, with a projected compound acceleration in 2022-2025; the end-of-manufacturing industry leads, and the process change is accelerating; the end-of-way control of new retailing is rising.
Autonomous overseas brands are competitive and have wide scope. Since 2015, companies have acquired a number of overseas brands, completed full-scale autonomous branding of major regions around the world, with a continuous increase in city ownership and export sales from 2017 to 2021, accelerating the deployment of emerging markets. On the profit side, front channels and brands have been invested more frequently, and mergers and acquisitions of gea have been made.
The profits from overseas operations have been continuously raised to 5.2%, and the marginal improvements have been made more rapidly than the rivals. The relatively short air conditioning and cooking power operations have been modified at the higher end of the spectrum.
Shelley, the overseas epidemic is not controlled with the expected risks, the risk of exchange rate fluctuations, the risk of an increase in raw materials, the demand for the end.
Demand-oriented: The third consumer age pilot, which was systematically described in our previous report (for details see China's third consumer age - Rereading and deconstructing the Fourth Consumer Generation), has entered the third consumer era in China since 2015.
At the end of the spectrum: in the c2m model, the advantage of scale production will be digitally based, a rapid flexible model of production.
In the past, the home power industry with standardized attributes was more diverse in terms of consumer demand in the new consumer age than in the mass manufacturing capacity of the king at the cost of spelling, and the intelligent manufacturing power of digitalization, small batches, automation were the key to winning. Hal was based on a deep manufacturing base.
The transition to smart manufacturing has been completed early, with industry leaders at the end of the product line, with indicators such as orders for intelligent discharges, non-banking rates, etc.: electricity is competing in stock, and consumption is rising to the mainstream. The refrigerators (large, frost-free, all-oxygen) and washing machines (rolling, drying, partitioning) are the most visible.
Hale, with his high-end branding card Satty, will grow high after 2015, and the top-end market will be absolutely superior. On this basis, the three-wing bird will be promoted, a shift from product-to-sale and a shift in direction.
• Channel ends: cut-down levels, logistics efficiency, service drivers. Traditional pressure patterns have eroded distributors and consumers’ interests, and perceptions of the end of consumption have been slow. Heir has initiated two channels of change since 2016, moving forward on channels, silos, digital efficiency at different levels of the market.
The marketing end: precision, depth, and accompaniment of new media marketing trends. Casati’s rapid promotion of visibility through community marketing + deep content marketing + brand marketing, and indigenous high-end home-to-house branding – first-hand branding – is deeply popular.
At this stage, Hal's demand-oriented strategy is to be reflected in high-end, landscape, intelligent manufacturing and retail transformation.
1.1.1 The top end of the layout responds to the times when companies make accurate prognosis of industry and demand, grasping the momentum and key nodes of rising consumption and creating a high-end brand of Casati.
At the end of demand: income levels drive high end household electricity growth. In terms of high net population, the number of households with high net domestic land (assets 1000w+) and rich households (assets 600w+) in mid-2020 was 3.99 million and 1.61 million, respectively, a significant increase of 27% and 33% compared to 2015; people in urban and rural areas had disposable incomes.
They all grew steadily and provided sufficient incentives for consumption to rise. Industry: ice washing entered the stock age, prices rose to the main line, air conditioning grew to a high degree. The functionally driven price increases became the main line, and data from Mid-Iekon show that refrigerators are rising in large capacity, multiple doors, and microbicides.
The average price has been raised from $3,000 in 12 years to about $5,000, the average price of washing machines has been raised from $2,000 to about $3,600, driven by large capacity, rollers and drying-up, and the average annual compound increase in the price of washing ice.
1.1.2 High-end results are evident in this section, which highlights: 1) Kassati results and high-end market position 2) Kassati ' s staged success 1) Kassati ' s growth rate has increased and has become a high-end first brand of national production
In the broader context of rising consumption, Casaté's share of the air-conditioning market of 10,000 yuan and more than 15,000 yuan, according to the company's annual report of 2021, had grown to 12.9 billion yuan in 2021 and 34 per cent in 2017-2021.
Casati, which is responsive to consumer demand, has begun to crush traditional high-end foreign brands. From 2016, the market share of the country’s high-end brands, such as Siemens, Matsumoto, and others, began to decline.
Figure 7: Siemens Refrigerator has fallen since 2017 2) Reasons for Kasati’s phased success: good products supported by technological advantages plus adaptation to high-end user needs
*Catholic marketing + channels deep-ploughing at the end of the product: continuous research and development to sharpen the product, and design of fine + technological innovations became the key to the success of the product.
Roller Laundry (2014), Dumpy Ice Refrigerator (2016), Cell Level Fresh Refrigerator F+ series (2017), Air Laundry (2017), Sector Winding Air Conditioning (2018), Command House Cooking Suites (2019), Neutrons and Dry Care Machines (2021), 14 designs by Casati worldwide.
The Center, which has won the F-Industrial Design Award, the Appleland Design Award, and other home-based top-level design awards. Technological innovation, with 28 research and development institutions around the world, is taking full advantage of global strategic synergies and absorbs many of the best technologies.
Marketing ends: successful marketing of high-end brands through a combination of traditions and new marketing methods, with a focus on adapting to the needs of high-end customers.
Every year there is a thematic event that invites social celebrities to share their understanding of life skills.
In creative activities, Casaté has taken advantage of the experience-oriented consumption preferences of high-end people, and has organized a number of off-line activities to enhance user immersion and communication. Since 2014, the user community has been nurtured through a number of different types of activities, such as the Casatian Family Marathon and the Business School Tennis Challenge.
In 2020, Casati proposed the creation of four major community content chains that would transform “from being published to being a circle, a fan, a product operator, a salesman thinking to be a community, a flow.” Figure 10: Casatius' big event
Content marketing: achieves continuous fermentation and detonation of content through new media, topics and the introduction of high-quality, creative and content-based marketing programs by ip. For example, in 2019, an ad story film, Casati's Life Story, was launched, connecting with six groups of character stories, such as The Dress, Half Bottle of Wine, and so on.
For a product + a family + a character of life, the case received the “2019 China Digital Camp Gold Bull Award — Best Content Marketing Award.” Branding: high-quality media/activities continue to be heavily exposed.
In the red book, the issue was created through the introduction of big pops and content; the authoritative media was maintained, and several high-flow programmes, such as "Brothers with thorns " , "Roo Jin-woo's Inter-Year Lecture " , and "Chang China " , figure 11: "Casadhi's branding in high-quality media. "
Figure 12: Casati’s Life Story, close to a two-line + fast sinking three-to-four, has built a well-structured distribution network. As early as 2015, Casati’s entire network was almost fully covered in the first and second-tier markets, making it the country’s first full market on the second-line.
Since then, there has been a steady process of deep-deeping through channels based on a second line of roots. By the end of 2020, the network of markets at the county level and above had been raised to 95%, and the downfall of the channels has completely reinforced the high-end location of high-end terminals of high-end brands.
There are large experiential shops (153+), creative life halls and brand halls (600+) in many forms.
We make the following reasonable assumptions about Cassarty's calculations: empty ice washing is based on the industry's on-line sales and the retail average price of the Ovi cloud network; cooking power contains smoke stoves and dishwashers.
▪ On empty, ice, washing, water heater, with $8,000 +, $8,000 +, $6,000 +, $3,500 + as a high-end market price, using the Ovi cloud network price segment classification data, estimates the retailing of the high-end market for empty, ice, washing, water heater in 2020 at 3 per cent, 5.5 per cent, 5 per cent and 7 per cent.
Combining the price bands of the four main product groups, it is estimated that the share of high-end retail sales at the end of 2020 was 21%.
Power will be further released at a faster rate than ice cream. 1.2. From the top to the scene, three-wing birds fly their wings. This section highlights the re-engineering of the industry by three-wing birds and how it is currently developing.
Corporate brand upgrading starts with a high-end brand, Kassati, and starts moving towards the scene and ecology. In the case of the Internet, the generation, “products will be replaced by the scene, industries will be covered by the ecology,” and the company has set up a three-tier high-end, scenario-ecological brand upgrade.
The three-wing bird is a brand-new site launched by the company in September 2020, providing users with a holistic solution to the demand for services such as home-based electricity, home-dressing, heating, house-wide intelligence. It covers all family areas, including balconys, kitchens, living rooms, bathrooms, bedrooms, etc.
Three-wing birds have achieved innovation from buying products to buying scenes, as reflected in: 1) From monolithic to holstery (hard requirements for brands and types): industry-wide marketing patterns are dominated by monolithic, Casati has launched a suite of products (commanders, Tibor, Galaxy, etc.) and three-wing birds have achieved full space content.
2) Quality changes in service systems (which require strong platform support): the three-wing bird has a system of 1+n services that, through one service manager, a project manager, can work with n resources such as home electricity service providers, service packages, distributors, home-loading companies, etc., as a multi-source pooling that ultimately results in an overall solution to the client
. Consumers need to list only at the top of the app, and each resource party will work together to provide process design and delivery services to users under a three-wing bird-led integration that places high demands on companies ' digitization capacity and on ecological management capacity.
3) For consumers: a home-to-house trading platform that is transparent and replicable. Specifically: Addressing the greatest pain in the home-to-house industry, i.e. complexity and non-transparentness. Previously, user decorating required a great deal of effort and time to track it, and now consumers can view it through three-wing bird apps.
The platform offers a wide range of options to meet consumer needs: the three-wing bird platform is already on board, relying on Hel's brand power.
A pool of 20,000 + professional designers, 1,000 + costume companies, and 1,000 + home eco-brands has been brought together to provide users with a wealth of alternative resources.
Self-optimization of overall user habits and further enhancement of household tele-intelligence. Status and outlook for three-wing birds: fast-tracking door-to-door construction, sales-led increases in passenger unit prices; and future ecological sustainability of companies’ access to the Internet
In 2021, three-wing bird-led high-end product packages grew by 62% and smart package sales by 15%. Hal already has 14,000 service advisers, and 42 sales companies are opening up everywhere to attract suppliers.
At the end of 2021, the three-wing bird had settled in 1,317 viewing shops across the country, covering more than 1,100 construction materials.
The eco-branding strategy phase, three-wing birds, is an important step in the company’s overall move toward ecology. In 2020, the company’s China Cooking Association, among other sources, set up the Helium Networked Eating Eco-Collage Alliance, making famous cookbooks “home foods.” This exploration raised low-frequency refrigerator consumption to high-frequency food consumption, and connected foods.
For the third year in a row, the company has placed the global brand of Brandz's most valuable brand. Chart 20: The corporate eco-circle continues to be explored.
1.3. Supply chain: Stable, re-engineer of the whole industry to adapt to new changes. Supply chain changes are particularly important for the household power sector. 1) The household electricity sector has dual attributes of manufacturing plus consumer goods, manufacturing attributes require firms to produce and develop quality assurance and consumer goods attributes.
Reshaping the whole chain is not a one-time process for 200 billion-sized firms, and if a pre-emptive advantage is created, it is expected to remain in place.
From around 2015, Hale accelerated the re-engineering of the whole industry chain: two channel changes at the retail end and steps ahead on changing price patterns, silos, digital efficiency; on the production end, industrial interconnection platforms, launched in 2015, on the basis of which the company accelerated the construction of interconnection plants, lighthouse plants and built highs.
1.3.1 At the end of production: smart manufacturing plus efficiency continues to increase In the company's smart manufacturing capacity industry leads and is increasing efficiency.
Over-precision and efficient production has increased supply chain efficiency, with the output non-stocking rate rising to more than 75%. 21H1 real-time uph (single-hour production) has grown by 24% over the same period, and quality levels have increased by 26% over the same period. In September 2021, the company Tianjin Laundries Interconnected Plant was elected to the World Economic Forum election of the Global Lighthouse Plant.
In March 2022, the company ' s Chengzhou water heater interconnection plant was re-elected to the lighthouse plant as the world ' s first-selected heater industry to the end of the plant. The company now has four lighthouse plants, with domestic power companies ranked first, where the process-wide pattern changes are accelerating, and the cost of efficiency reductions continues to progress steadily.
(c) An iterative aps smart platoon system to increase efficiency by centralizing production according to the order type;
Optimize the supply process, moving from the original t-1 to centralized supply, enabling a 30 per cent increase in the share of suppliers able to centralize supply and optimize procurement costs.
The production schedule system, 50% of the plants already have the capability to apply advanced algorithms.
In the first half of the year, the U.S.A. has achieved a 24 per cent increase over the same period in the U.S.A.
Full process information self-awareness, full factor events Optimize the number of days that flow through the entire inventory of finished products during the first half of the year compared to the same period, self-decision-making and full-cycle scenario.
20 per cent, with a 26 per cent increase in quality over the same period; installation of a digital manufacturing efficiency management system to achieve a single-hour output; participation in large-scale customization of 24 per cent; client participation