Newtimesecurities Assets and liabilities are driven by a combination of scale and value development The leading nation-wide life insurance company committed to a second leap in transformational development
It is strongly recommended (first rating) that the company establish a “1+2+1” strategy based on a life risk business, a wealth management and a well-being industry, supported by technological empowerment, and adheres to the nature of life risk development and invests in “China's finest” strategy.
The full-scale life insurance business is at the core of the financial services group.” • Assets and liabilities are two-wheel-drived and value of scale is fully developed, with prior transformations leading to the optimization of the corporate product structure and the laying of a good value base; and the re-engineering of the new phase
Development patterns to further connect the end of the liability to the end of the asset and achieve full scale and value development.
• Co-development of guaranteed savings products, WCMA in collaboration with the extended insurance industry.
• Insurance funds are used in a robust manner, third-party management operations have potential for development, equity investment initiatives have been strengthened, interest rates for creditor-type investments have recovered in sensitivity and non-speculation
Equity and security. Capital management companies and pension companies have a great deal to do in third-party asset management operations.  Profit forecasting, valuation and rating assumes a steady growth in corporate business as a whole, with the remaining marginal and long-term amortization contributing profits, investment results and investment results.
Risks of loss due to significant changes in the incidence of insurance risk, catastrophic risk, interest rate risk, industry policy risk, etc. Business results resulting from the impact of the economy, corporate decision-making, and capital market fluctuations
At the same time, the company has experienced a significant increase in the number of employees in the previous period, but has not yet achieved the desired sales results in the short term: on the other hand, during the year, sudden outbreaks of off-line operations and insurance coverage for the population.
On the whole, the expansion of manpower has led to increases in new insurance premiums and new business values, but both have weakened in the short term and are expected to improve in the medium to long term due to negative factors. The current concentration of personal risk markets remains high, with large companies relying on brands, outlets, sales personnel, etc.
The advantage is in most of the off-line markets, and the advantage over coverage and transformation of insurance customers is that large companies can maintain important factors in the sale of high-value products. Large-scale products, which are relatively easy to sell, help insurance agents to get customers and earn income.
Increasing willingness to retain and further market long-term complex products, helping companies to increase the size and value of their premiums. Timely and proportionate adjustment of business strategies, phased selection of sizes and value orientations in the light of the macro-environment, market changes, corporate development and circumstances, to achieve dynamic balance and corporate business outcomes
Maximizes, and is also a reflection of corporate decision-making and self-regulating capacity. The agency’s workforce is able to produce more, the product structure is optimized, the value of new business is returning, the value of new business is growing faster and improving continuously, and the return on asset redistribution environment is improving.
Significant changes in the external financial environment, international relations, etc. result in systemic risk transmission. Risks of loss, catastrophic risk, interest rate risk, industry policy risk, etc. due to significant changes in the incidence of insurance risk.
Xinhua Life Insurance Inc. was established in September 1996 and is based in Beijing and is a major national life insurance enterprise. It has 1,767 branches with 36,504 internal staff and 507,000 marketing officers, providing life insurance products and services to 32,262,000 individuals and 86,000 institutional clients. In 2011, Xinhua Insurance was on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
At present, Xinhua has established a “1+2+1” strategy based on a life-threatening business, a two-wing wealth management and well-being industry, and a technology-based strategy to maintain the nature of life-risk development, and to build “China’s finest and all-China economy.”
The company holds the shareholders in the company. The company exercises its human rights to contribute to the State-owned priority financial enterprises and fulfils its financial obligation to add value to the State-owned financial assets and does not participate in the company's day-to-day operations;
The company has no real control over its actions; therefore, the company has no real control. Clients and other participants in the Hong Kong Central Clearing System are in possession.
2.1. Market concentration has recovered in recent years, and large companies still have a comparative competitive advantage.
On the one hand, large firms, with market share advantages, abandon the idea of simple scale development and gradually pursue the profitability of their products and the growth of their corporate values. On the other hand, the number of small and medium-sized firms has been evident at one stage in the past.
Growth (the number of personal risk companies grew from 45 in 2006 to 91 by the end of May 2020); at the same time, small and medium-sized companies actively seized market access to personal risk rates and Internet opportunities, opening markets through relatively high rates of return for savings-type products and products with high value for money, high risk for life, etc.
In the process, the market share of large companies declined from more than 80 per cent in 2004 to about 42 per cent today: particularly in 2015 and 2016, short-lived fiscal-type products were on the rise in small and medium-sized companies, the seizure of the official launch of Procuracy No. 134, the rapid expansion of small and medium-sized companies could not be sustained, and the industry was moving towards a return to insurance.
Long-term business and secure business development: Large companies, with their agency-based build-up of size and quality advantages, still regain some of their market share in an environment where the industry’s premium increases are under pressure. New China’s life in 2016 focused on further transformation of the guaranteed product, with a market share emerging.
Level of decline: The market share of companies recovered in 2020 with the company ' s idea of a common scale of value development established in 2019 and the significant expansion of the insurance agency workforce.
Large personal insurance companies and industry-wide premiums are increasing at a rate of 2.2, health insurance is growing rapidly and the share is rising significantly. There is still much room for improvement in the insurance market in terms of industrial policy incentives, regulatory-oriented insurance return guarantees, corporate value-seeking and consumer health protection.
The health insurance policy has grown rapidly in recent years, as a result of a combination of factors such as awareness-raising; after the release of the insurance “Ten New Nations” in 2014, the proportion of health insurance in personal insurance companies rose from 11.17 per cent to 21.01 per cent in 2019; and the country's personal insurance coverage density increased significantly from 2014 to 2019, reaching per capita in 2019.
2,217.63 yuan, but there is still a few times the growth space from developed country levels; personal insurance coverage reached 3.12 per cent depth in 2019, and Xinhua Insurance: Staying in the life insurance industry, co-development of debt assets, as the leading national life insurance company, Xinhua Insurance has expanded on the good basis of the transformation of values in recent years.
The marketing team, the focus on business development, and the further cultivation of well-established wealth management and welfare industries have established a model of “a two-wheel drive of asset liabilities, full scale value development.” Life insurance operations: stable value of health insurance, human growth-led scale
3.1.1 The size of agents on the new platform, the traditional advantages of the silver insurance channel, the early days of New China's life are dominated by silver insurance, which accounts for nearly 70 per cent of the annual premium revenue. Bank security is prevalent in the industry as a result of strong market competition and a large number of companies are seeking a rapid increase in the size of the premium.
In November 2010, the former Superintendency issued a circular on compliance sales and risk management for the further strengthening of commercial banking agent insurance operations (SIB No. [2010]90) requiring commercial silver.
“Insurance products must not be confused with products such as savings deposits, funds, bank property, etc.”, “Insurers may not be allowed to place their personnel at bank points”, “Each network may in principle only cooperate with no more than three insurance companies in the sale of insurance products of cooperating companies”, and so on; in April 2011, a joint publication was issued by the former Board of Insurance and the Superintendency of Banks.
The Guidance for the Regulation of Commercial Bank Agency Insurance (MOI) (No. [2011] 10) requires “insurance companies to maintain the restructuring and optimization of their banking structures” and “commercial banks to strengthen their control over agency insurance sales.” In the course of the regulatory development of the industry, the growth of silver insurance operations has been limited.
At the same time, because of the short duration of early silver insurance channels, the high cost of liabilities, and the low contribution to the profits of insurance companies, large life insurance companies with the advantage of the channels are also pursuing profits and pursuing a long-term, value transition. Xinhua lives have become more focused on business development and strategic transformation since they were marketed in 2011, adhering to values and returning to the original, silver canals.
The contribution of the agent channels has increased significantly, as has the contribution of the agent channels. The corporate agent channel revenue has increased at the same rate as the corporate agent channels (millions of dollars) and at the same rate.
The number of Xinhua Life Insurance marketing officers, facilitated by industry development drive, qualification approval of insurance sales practitioners, cancellation (China Insurance Council Circular on Issues Related to the Management of Insurance Intermediary Practitioners, Number [2015] 139) and the transformation of insurance policies by companies, made a big leap in 2015, with personal agents and uniforms.
For the first time, the number of marketing workers exceeded 300,000, an increase of 46.12 per cent over the same period. Since then, the company has implemented a “self-employment” reform based on the “Healthy Man” Sea, establishing a system of institutional autonomy based on budget management, compressing fee spreads, optimizing cost structures, and maintaining a relatively stable growth in human capacity in 2018.
With the combined effects of the deepening of the economy and the policy on the regulation of life insurance products (Doc. 134), the new policy has seen a significant negative increase in premiums, a marked decline in agent income and a more severe loss of workers in the industry, and the Xinhua life of a strong sales team, which is better than the same type of company (6.32 per cent, survival insurance).
2.27 per cent, TP-3.09 per cent, Chinese life expectancy - 8.81 per cent). In 2019, the growth rate of manpower in large life insurance companies remained distinctly fragmented; the company established a business strategy of “business growth, team first”, rapidly expanding its workforce in the second half of 2019, putting the proxies on a new platform of 500,000 people, while also contributing to a “global development of value of scale”
The number of company salesmen (millions) and the same rate of increase in the size of large listed insurance insurance insurance agents.
After a transformational development path in which the number of salesmen continues to rise and growth continues, the growth rate of the agents' new policy premiums gradually emerges, and the accumulation of long-term operations has kept the share of business renewals constant in recent years, with companies establishing size and value and a strong development strategy in 2019, it is expected that the silver market will be important.
In 2019, the insurance premium began to grow from 3.1.2 to the health insurance business in recent years, and the value of the product has increased significantly.
The company has become more explicit about the theme of “transitional development” and, on the basis of a return to the insurance system, has pursued its development strategy of “life insurance as a core and safeguard”; it has concentrated on a range of market-led guaranteed products, “Healthy” and “Multiple” products that have a place in many of the market's high-risk products.
With a strong corporate push, health insurance has grown rapidly in recent years, the premium ratio has increased significantly, and it is a leader among the same types of companies. At the same time, there has been a marked improvement in the value of the company’s products as a result of the high value of new operations under long-term heavy health insurance;
In 2019, the new business value of the product as a whole declined as a result of the rising share of corporate conglomerate and scale-based operations and the low value of short-term additional health risks. 3.2. Restaurant layout: diversified old-age industries and medical and health services
3.2.1 The multi-productized old-age industry is one of the key elements of the corporate “one-wing” development strategy, which, after about four years, has undergone three typical projects, forming a multi-product configuration of suburban integration and North-South resonance.
The project is directed by the Xinhua Home Home Old Age Services (Beijing) Ltd.
The idea is “medical integration”, characterized by strong regional advantages and high-end old-age in the city's functional extension areas, self-reliance, self-care and self-active old-age communities in Beijing, managed by Xinhua Home Health Technology (Beijing) Ltd.
The company includes two branches of the Xinhua Home Yeongqing Old-Age Settlement Project and the Xinhua Insurance Yangqing Training Centre.  Residential-type Henanbo family-raising and recreational vacation community, with a total of about 2,700 old-age housing units completed; new
Management of Home Home Pension Investment (Hainan) Ltd. 3.2.2, covering a wide range of health management platforms and professional rehabilitation hospitals, Xinhua Health
Xinhua Excellence in Health Investment Management Ltd. acts as an insurance company's platform for investment in health management, with health management, medical services, nursing services, medical investment as its main business, building on the central advantages of “insurance security + health management” to provide individuals, families and groups with health insurance, health screening and health-care services.
In 2016, Xinhua Health successfully introduced two strategic investors, the Ekang Group and Lemon International, to complete the replenishment. The Xinhua Health Self-Care Network covers North, China, East, South, North West, Southwest, and Southwest China.
Health management centres have been set up in 19 municipalities throughout the country; there are nearly 300 health-care institutions that provide health management services to clients, following the integration of shareholder and third party resources.
The Beijing Xinhua Hospital for Excellence, Ltd., located in the Beijing city's core functional area, is a specialized level II rehabilitation hospital that combines “medical, pedagogical, research” and “rehabilitation pension, health check-up, insurance services” and is designed to achieve “deep integration, horizontal collaboration,”
In the future development of the healthy industry, companies will increase the occupancy rate of established projects and improve profitability; set up a platform for investment in old-age health and initiate investment in large health private equity funds; and increase the number of health management centres and improve their performance.
Profit performance and promotion of strategic cooperation; improvement of bed utilization rates and improvement of gain and gain in asset management following eligibility for health insurance at rehabilitation hospitals: active and robust use of insurance funds, coupled with liabilities to achieve two-wheel drive 3.3.1, relatively active asset allocation for solid collection and a robust return on investment
With the continued growth of premium revenues and the build-up of investment assets, the size of corporate investment assets reached $839.447 billion by the end of 2019, an increase of 186.63 per cent from the end of 2010. The size of investment assets is influenced by capital market performance on the one side of the same scale increase, on the other hand, by a stronger correlation with the size of premium revenues; and corporate premiums.
Revenues have been growing at a low rate since 2016, under the combined effects of corporate reforms and changes in the industry environment, with investments going into 2019, with capital markets and the repair of the end-of-the-end size of corporate liabilities returning to faster investment assets with firm investment assets dominated by solid and solid receipts and maintaining relatively positive configuration options.
The Insurance Regulatory Authority has further liberalized its policy on the use of insurance funds by allowing insurance funds to be invested in “legally issued commercial bank property in the country, credit asset support securities for banking financial institutions, trust company pooled funds trust schemes, securities company-specific asset management schemes, insurance asset management company infrastructure investment plans, real estate
Financial products such as the Investment Plan and the Project Assets Support Scheme” (No. [2012]91, Circular on Investment of Insurance Funds in Financial Products). At the same time, in the period after 2009, the rate of return on financial products and the high rate of return opportunities for products, with a more active allocation of non-target assets, financial products and other investments since 2013
The ratio of capital to investment assets is maintained at a relatively high level.
However, as interest rates fall and prior non-target items expire, there will be some pressure on fixed-income asset redistribution; the return on total investment is more affected by stock market fluctuations and overall performance is stable.
3.3.2 Increased sensitivity of interest rates on creditor-type investments, proactive management of equity investments and consolidation Bonds account for less than 40 per cent of corporate investment assets from 2014 to 2018, which is correlated with solid financial products; bond investments as non-target products mature, yield below and overall credit risk rises
Bond investments dominated by holding-to-maturity-type investments, which remained overall at 75 per cent left in previous years, mainly affected by changes in the classification of bond investment financial assets, interest-rate sensitivity for creditor investments in the corporate portfolio, which recovered relatively significantly in 2019, and changes in interest-rate levels led to changes in the fair value of creditor-based investments
In 2019, the impact on pre-tax profits, shareholders’ interests and intrinsic values was expanded. In equity investments, the company made a dynamic adjustment to the allocation ratio of funds and equities in line with the changing market environment and its own investment strategy, increasing the allocation of funds, funds and equities in investment assets from 2015 onwards.
For the first time since 2014, the share ratio of equity investments in the stock market exceeded the Fund ' s allocation ratio. By the end of 2019, corporate investments in untied assets amounted to $246.594 million, representing 29.38 per cent of total investment assets, down from 29.38 per cent in recent years to less than 30 per cent for the first time.
In terms of the type of investment products, creditor-based investments account for the bulk of non-target investments, but equity-based investments continue to rise year by year; trust schemes, property management, claims schemes, asset management products and unlisted equity investments are the main non-profits.
At the end of 2019, 94.8 per cent of the stock of non-target assets rated aaaa (net of commercial bank property, equity-type financial products not subject to external rating and portfolio-based insurance management products), a small decline over recent years, remained under strict control of the credit risk of financial products and maintained a high level of security.
Asset management is a trillion-dollar platform, wealth management functions are still to be expanded and strengthened as another important component of the company's “one-wing” development strategy, and wealth management functions are carried out mainly by New China Asset Management. According to official website information, assets regulations for Xinhua asset management in the first half of 2020
At the end of 2019, the size of corporate insurance investment assets was $839.447 billion; on the one hand, the growth of investment assets and the added value of the overall investment assets as the premium was added, on the other hand, the Xinhua Old Age Insurance Corporation increased the commissioning of asset companies and helped manage asset management companies.
In terms of the composition of nationally managed assets of the same type of company, the size of safe asset management for third-party assets represents about 10 per cent of the total asset management, a slight decline in the last two years; the management of third-party assets for the too-safe asset accounts for about 10 per cent of the group management assets; and the share of the Yangtze old-age investment management assets in the group management assets is increasing year by year.
The share in 2019 was close to 20%. Xinhua Asset Management continues to be dominated by the management of insurance funds commissioned by the parent company, and there is still much room for development in third-party asset management operations.
The share of third-party assets in safe asset management (%) 4.1. The overall level of profitability has remained high and shareholder returns have steadily increased, with higher levels of profitability being constrained by long-term liabilities and assets dominated by life insurance companies, such as production
The value level of the goods themselves, product structure, market demand, the impact of changes in tax policy on costs, investment market dynamics and changes in interest rate levels leading to adjustments in the valuation of the related business liabilities will have a volatility effect on the profitability of life insurance companies.
Overall, companies have maintained an average annual net profit growth rate of close to 30% since they were listed, and the cash split has improved significantly in recent years, at around 30%. And in terms of shareholder returns, after the transformation and development of post-market operations and the continuing quest for value, in recent years the public has been able to pay off the average of 30%.
There has been a steady increase in the level of return on capital of the Division. The size of total corporate assets (millions of yuan) and the continued focus on developing scale-based products are expected to continue to rise.
Corporate solvency was adequate, with a full solvency rate of 227.43 per cent by the end of 2015 before the “second generation” was implemented; after the “second generation” implementation, the combined and core solvency of companies reached 283.64 per cent by the end of 2019.
Assuming a smooth overall growth in corporate business, a stable profit from the remaining marginal and long-term amortization, investment results and higher premiums from the company’s short-term delivery of products and silver insurance channels, to some extent lower insurance yields.
At the same time, while companies have increased significantly in the previous period, they have not yet achieved the desired sales results in the short term; at the same time, the impact of an outbreak in the course of the year has had a negative impact on off-line operations and on the population’s ability to buy insurance. Overall, the increase in the size of the workforce has led to an increase in the cost and value of the new policies, but it has also led to an increase in the value of the new operations.
In the short term, the rate of growth, influenced by negative factors, has weakened. Taking into account the current situation and expectations for future improvements, 5.2, the valuation of companies of the same type and comparison of profitability a share of the portfolio p/ev valuation level is dominated by industry growth, interest rate levels, industry policies and capital markets
At the beginning of the 2007 market, the added-up of the cattle market had reached its highest valuation in history; since then, the plate valuation has shown a downward trend, influenced by the industry ' s low profile, low return on venture capital investment, and a return to normal valuations.
With the sharp collapse of the stock market in 2015, the value of the plate also recovered from the 10-year maturity rate of public debt in 2017 and the high rate of growth in the size and value of the insurance liability, which was again boosted by the level of valuation of the plate. Policy on the regulation of personal risk products and the economic impact on the environment, since 2018
At the beginning of 2020, the risk sheet was valued downwards because of the impact of the increase in the insurance premiums, lower interest rates, market adjustments, and so on. As the epidemic improved, operations under the insurance line gradually resumed, with premium increases starting in the second quarter.
Gradual warming; ten-year period maturity return on a steady increase in June; a stock market surged in July, with a significant rebound in the insurance plate driven by industry liabilities and sustained improvements in assets and Beta properties, with a certain restoration of the valuation but still at a relatively low level; and, at the same time, the public concerned
The Division ' s basic operating conditions and Beta properties vary, valuation levels remain more distinctly differentiated, and the Xinhua valuation of a share risk business p/ev (fold) shows that China ' s life is most similar to Xinhua in terms of market-based insurance companies.
By comparison, China ' s security is a comprehensive financial services and financial technology consortium, which covers a wide range of traditional financial operations, such as personal insurance, property insurance, banking, trust and securities, as well as a wide range of technical and technological operations, and since life insurance accounts for the majority of the group ' s profit contributions, and life insurance is also the leading company in the domestic personal security market.
Peace has some comparative value for Xinhua insurance; China's Xinxi is part of a comprehensive insurance group, with a full range of insurance types, while under the umbrella of Xinjiang and Xinjiang's seniors are engaged in asset management. The Xinhua insurance policy is a relative majority in the group and is one of the influential life insurance companies in the domestic personal insurance market.
In Hong Kong, friendly insurance is similar to Xinhua, and mainland China is an important part of the company’s business, directly comparable to Xinhua insurance. From this comparison, Chinese life and friendship insurance, a direct comparable company in Xinhua insurance, has been acquired.
Higherpe valuations are due mainly to the focus of Chinese life and friendly insurance on the development of long-term, high-value life insurance. Chinese life started a “renewal of life” strategy in 2019, with a further improvement in the product structure, a new business value for products, and a faster growth in new business values.
In recent years, the client population, which was at the middle and upper end of China’s main location, has been somewhat depressed, but has always maintained the high value of products and the rapid growth of new business values. Xinhua Insurance has been renewed since 2019, with a renewed emphasis on and investment in large-scale products, with a gradual decline in the new business value of the product as a whole.
At the same time, the value of the product is expected to be restored by upgrading the quality of the sales team and further improving the product structure. In terms of shareholder returns, Xinhua insurance has maintained a steady cash share in recent years, compared to other shares listed.
Risk companies have a certain comparative advantage; roe has recovered to a higher level, which supports firm valuations a stock listing risk firm level (%) A major change in the external financial environment, international relations, etc. leads to systemic risk transmission.
The risk of loss, catastrophic risk, interest rate risk, industry policy risk, etc., is associated with significant changes in rates. Business outcomes due to economic, corporate decision-making, and capital market volatility are not as high as expected.