Recruiting merchant ships (601872) Air tanker supply and demand have improved significantly and demand has been restored to the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Incidents: Merchant ship release of the semi-annual 2023 report. At the end of the reporting period, the company owned and controlled 52 operational Vlcc tankers, owned and controlled Vloc37 (including shareholdings and surrogates). Permanent changes were made in the pattern of de-shipment and energy trade in the first half of 2023 and new orders for refuelling ships were low.
During the period, the domestic stock of crude oil was increased, while the demand for Atlantic Line Vlcc was increasing under the influence of the conflict in the Russian Federation, with the east and west lines gradually remaining in a tight balance and freight charges rising; and the second quarter of Asian refinery inspections and the voluntary reduction in production of super-opc, with the market under downward pressure, looking at the company vlcc in the first half of 2023.
The fleet achieved an average of tce 51,145. The company ' s tanker fleet completed 41,206 tons of cargo, a reduction in the same-year dry bulk pressure port, with a marked decline in the number of types recorded. In the first half of the first half of the first half of 2023, bdi had an average of only 1157 points, a 49 per cent drop in the same year, with a 32 per cent decline in the number of good-looking-looking ships, and a Panama-type vessel.
The demand for international roller-loading operations drives up rents.
Within 52 weeks, the stock price range is 184,000. Foreign trade operates 548,000 cubic metres (38,000 units), opening up home-run routes such as the Persian Gulf, the Red Sea and Thailand, achieving a historic breakthrough in international foreign trade from freight forwarder to home-run routes, netting in the first half of the year.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: taking into account the slowdown in tankers, bulk carriers, demand to release or promote the market landscape 1. Merchant ships (601872): equity incentives to go above target, while companies will enjoy higher levels of ocean transport by upgrading existing rollers
Gains, corporate equity incentive performance targets are higher than expected, demonstrating sustained development confidence, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Merchant ship (601872): vloc market climate is still symbiotic, waiting for the drying up of freight recovery
Merchant ship (601872): dry bulk shows business resilience, oil recovery is lost (2022-10-21) Merchant ship (601872): bulk transport camp lighted
In the eyes of the Panel, the oil tanker market recovery has not been justified by, nor by, nor will it be compensated, directly or indirectly, by the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.