Merchant ship, mid-2023, is about as good as expected. Merchant ship 2023h1 is operational.
Income of $12.99 billion, a 5.4 per cent decline in the same year, realized a net return to the mother of $2.77 billion, a 4.1 per cent decrease in the same year, net profit achieved in the first half of tanker transport of $1,814 million, a 6354 per cent increase in the same year (stucking), highlighted oil net profit contributed by the plate of $1.05 billion, a 37.4 per cent increase in the ring.
The 52-week maximum/minimum price, with a daily lock-in rate of only 28.5 per cent in the second half of the year, shows that the firm has a strong faith in the prices of the season, which has freed up enough elastic capacity to embrace the prices.
The net profit achieved during the first half of the year in dry bulk transport was 355 million yuan, a 76 per cent decline in the same year, mainly due to China’s continuing demand and the fact that global food demand remains weak. The bdi index q1 and q2 averages 1011 and 1313 points, which were concentrated in March-April, created a certain overhang for subsequent demand and failed to reverse the medium-term global distribution.
On the other hand, the global cereals export growth was only Brazil’s harvest, but Argentina’s and the United States’ exports were lower than in previous years, and the Black Sea was not significantly repaired, resulting in an overall demand burden. Billions of dollars.
Seventy-seven per cent, but the fleet of merchant ships operates mainly on Asian routes, with relatively low price fluctuations, and the net profit of merchant ships (601872.sh) in the 22nd year exceeded $5 billion, and the oil spill in the 23rd year continued to outperform our previous expectations of $462 million in the first half of the year.
As of the end of April, China had overtaken the Republic of Korea as the third largest vehicle maritime exporter.
Gold remained at a very high level of $110,000 per day, and the company moved two 3,800 vehicles in the first half of the year, with flexible transfers leading to higher performance expectations and net profits of $116 million in the first half of the year. The ng plate was more stable, with net profits of $328 million, an increase of 5 per cent.
The expected decline in the low-season ratio of the expected h2,q3 season is inevitable, but the season is still a promising one. In March, the traditional low-season effect of the oil shipment became apparent, and the continued decline in Saudi production led to the most important level of the Middle East -- the Far East -- of US$ million per day, leading to a potentially low performance of the q3 tank.
Despite the recovery in Panama due to water scarcity, the supply chain or faster self-optimization, higher transport prices or difficulties in sustaining the increase, the lack of fuel diffusion or weak performance of q3 did not change the ageing of the global oil transport and the medium- and long-term recovery of demand.
The investment proposal is to lower profit forecasts and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Merchant ships are the leader of oil-dispersed integrated carriers, with global ship ageing and global steady-entry repairs.
The company's performance is expected to enter the “growth stage” in the context of a return-to-track approach. Given the over-programming of the oec, we still look at the medium- and long-term cattle market for oil and distribution, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
The sum of 12,999 million yuan, representing a 5.4 per cent decline in the same year, a 4.1 per cent decrease in the same year in the net return to the mother, and a 2.1 per cent increase in the same year in the non-return to the mother, q2 q2 Q2 Q2 net return to the mother, a 47 per cent increase in the ring, a 1.634 billion non-return to the mother and a 48 per cent increase in the ring.
Figure 1: Merchant ship sales revenue and increase in speed, Figure 2: Net profit and increase in the return of merchant ships to their mothers, Figure 3: Single-season operating income and increase in speed
Figure 4: Quarterly net profit and speed increases for merchant ships The first half of the year in tanker transport realized a net profit of $1,814 million, an increase of 6354 per cent (deficit) over the same year, highlighting the oilboard, a gain of 37.4 per cent for the ring, which reflects a marked increase in the elasticity of the performance of the oil transport plates over the cost of the shipment. It is worth noting that this represents a significant increase in the elasticity of the oil transport plates.
In the first six months of dry bulk transport, net profits of $355 million were realized, a 76 per cent decline in comparison, mainly due to the persistence of Chinese demand and the fact that global food demand remains weak. The bdi index q1 and q2 averages 1011 and 1313 points, a 50 per cent decline in comparison, and 48 per cent, respectively.
The development of a certain overdraft has failed to reverse the mid-term of the global spread, while the global food movement has seen only a strong increase in exports from Brazil, but exports from Argentina and the United States have been lower than in previous years, and there has been no significant repair in the Black Sea, leading to a slightly higher than expected demand aggregate and roll-over performance, and a steady increase in ng performance, with a combined profit of 916 million yuan.
With regard to shipping, the world has seen a sharp fall in the prices of global shipments, with scfi dropping by about 77% in the first half of the year, but merchant ships, the fleet of ships operating mainly on Asian routes, with relatively small price fluctuations, achieved a performance of $462 million in the first half of the year, exceeding our previous expectations. With regard to rolling stock, China’s vehicle export trend has continued to be strong, and by the end of April, China had outpaced its growth.
By becoming the third largest vehicle sea-to-air export area in Korea, roll-over prices continued to exceed expectations, with the first half of the year ' s 6500ceu vehicle rental rate maintained at $110,000 per day, and the company in-housed two 3,800 vehicles in the first half of the year, with flexible redeployments leading to higher performance and net contributions in the first half of the year.
In March, the impact of the oil transport season was more pronounced, and the continued decline in Saudi production led to a weaker demand for the most important Middle East-Foreign East (td3c) route.
As of 28 August, the price of the td3c route had fallen to a level of less than $25,000 per day, resulting in a potentially lower performance of the q3 tanker block. At the same time, while the dry bulk view has recovered as a result of the drying up of Panama, the supply chain has either become more self-optimal, the prices have been higher or have been difficult to sustain, and the oil has been scattered.
q3’s performance is weak, but this does not change the ageing of the global oil spill and the medium- to long-term rehabilitation of the pipeline, and eexi has led to a limited speed of oil tankers, which is expected to remain significant in terms of price elasticity during the q4 fuel season. The investment proposal is to lower profit forecasts and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Merchant ships are the leaders of oil-dispersing and integrated carriers, and the annual profit forecast for the ageing of ships globally and their global entry into stable repair and repair orbits has been revised from $7.84/93 billion to $6,055/87 million, but we still look forward to the fact that the data used in the reports are based on compliance channels. The logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author