Merchant ship fleets The oil-spill landscape continues to contribute to the performance, with a net profit of $1.814 billion on the aggregate, which is a significant profit compared to last year ' s loss of h1, with net profit realized for the bulk/collector/rolling operations.
The oil transport business has continued with a sharp loss in business performance. In the first half of the year, the company achieved revenue of $5.117 billion, an increase of 109.46 per cent in the same year, and net profits of $1,814 million, a significant loss over the previous year.
At the demand side, the overall volume of the oil transport market increased by 9.3 per cent in the first half of the year, with the most significant increase in volume in the Gulf and Caribbean regions in the first half of the year. At the supply end, the increase in tanker capacity began to slow down, with the first half of the year increasing by 2.1 per cent, down from 2.1 per cent.
At the same time, by the end of July 2023, Vlcc tankers held only 1.4 per cent of the fleet's share of the fleet and were at the lowest level in history, with further slowdowns in future power supply, a global concentration of the fleet, and environmental constraints such as eexi/cii, which led to further declines in the real productivity of older ships.
We believe that the medium-term supply of oil is more certain, with the public division with the world’s leading tanker fleet, and that it is expected to benefit significantly in the future. While the country’s main bulk imports increased by 16% compared to the previous year, they are concentrated in March/April, after the overdrafting.
In terms of aggregate activity, as of 30 June 2023, China ' s container export price index (ccfi) was 895.72, a 72 per cent decline in the same year and 4.6 per cent decline in the same year; the Shanghai container export price index (scfi) was 953.60, a 77 per cent decline in the same year and a 3 per cent decline in the same year. On the one hand, high inflation in Europe and the United States and high commercial stocks affected demand, and on the other hand, port congestion eased, and new shipping deliveries made a marked difference in shipping prices.
Constraints. Overall, despite some pressure, the company ' s vloc fleet (long-term coa) achieved an average of tce 31884; and the fleet ' s best-looking fleet and below achieved an average of tce 11298 - 14684, all of which were significant winners in the market index, showing that the company was well run under industry pressure.
Looking ahead, short-term fluctuations in demand make it difficult to reverse the upward trend in freight prices in the medium term for oil transport, spreading supply at a low pace, waiting for demand to rise up, driven by economic recovery, with the next half of the year expected to warm up with the US-Operkook. The demand for tanker markets, though slow, is steadily recovering, while being influenced by the limited delivery of new ships, the severe ageing of the global fleet, and the rate of environmental decline, is expected to continue to limit the supply of power over the next three years, with seasonal and event-related factors leading to short-term prices.
Volatility is not likely to shake the upward trend in the value of tanker assets and freight rates of tankers, looking at the elasticity of the company’s performance as a result of the follow-up oil operations. In the second half of the year, demand for bulk commodities is expected to stabilize as the domestic economy recovers, the global inventory cycle is expected to pick up to the bottom, and the current dry bulk market supply is growing, using market prices as a standard on 29 August 2023.
Supply is or will contract, and it is expected that the dry bulk market will move out of the depression. In the area of shipping, although the Merchant Ship 20230508 is growing faster, the main liner companies are doing so rationally, with the arrival of the late Christmas season, Europe.
Merchant Shipping, 20230406, U.S. Superstore, or it will help warm up freight costs in regional markets.
In view of the elasticity of the company's future oil operations, we maintain the company's profit forecast, which is expected to be 2023-Soldier International Securities Inc. Transport: Shipping Ports
The demand for oil transport has fallen short of expectations, fuel prices have risen significantly, and the demand for dispersion and assembly has fallen short of expectations.