Performance of IT technology hardware and equipment meets expectations, moving to the high end manufacturing year 2019 under short-term pressure Events: operating income of $11,981 million in 2018, + 11.45 per cent; realization of return
This performance is largely in line with capital-market expectations. q4’s harvest was stable, with a certain decline in profits: q4 achieved a profit of $3.166 billion, compared to 6.4% for the single-quarter withholding of non-net interest rates – 1.6 pc, ring-1.4 pct.
(a) No growth in the q4 battalion, mainly due to lower downstream demand and lower stocks of pcb enterprises;
Costs (employee bonuses, salary increases, etc.) have increased by roughly tens of millions, financial costs (7-8 million yuan per month for debt swaps), and the cost of preparing for the new project in Nantong and Shaanxi has had some impact on net profits. The cost of raw materials has not changed much.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) S&T (600183) Pacific Securities - Electronic Industries - S&T (600183)
E-quarterly evaluation: A steady profit margin and a big step forward for new projects - 2018/10/31. Reversal: the company ' s current performance pressure is mainly due to stock and product price reductions in the industrial chain, and
The previous pcb companies had a shelf life of about a week, at a low level, between the price of the coatings. We thought that the demand for the q1 sector would remain weak in 2019, and the price of the sheet would be slightly down by 1 to 5 per cent, but the demand for the industry would begin to warm from q2.
Earlier, we presented Taiwan's printed circuit board cp values to forecast the industry's temperature: lower-scene weather, attention to high-season prices and high-frequency base material, but if the huge points of value and the five-month list appeared in the first half of 2018,
The peak cp-value distribution suggests that we think it is a sign of demand next year. So we think that the global pcb industry has some pressure on overall demand in 2019, and that the overall acceleration ratio has declined, and industry demand will rebound in the second half of the year.
6. Thus, in 2019, q1q2 should be under relative pressure from the performance of productive technology, especially when q1 new production capacity is not released (the high heat intensity project of Shaanxi II (approximately 350,000 pyre/month) is expected to be in operation), new projects will require expenditure, and the industry of 2018h1 will have a very low season.
The Chinese-American technological war has helped to accelerate the replacement of high-end base materials, 2019 being the year of high-tech manufacturing: the science-tech war will be one of the themes of US-China relations in the years to come.
The firms represented by the producers of communications equipment will focus on the United Statesization of the supply chain, followed by semi-carrier-based materials, etc., which will promote national production. The target of 50% production in the first year of the postnatal period will be achieved at an average price and profit rate higher than the average of fr4.
At the end-user level, certification has been successful, with the approval of five communications operators and four pcb companies.
Projects to produce 17 million square tg, no haloccl, and 22 million mpp projects and to develop office buildings will be converted to a plan for the production of panels for the production of materials.
The company ' s research and development and industrialization projects for high-performance coatings of copper have been ongoing for 10 years, and the construction of a pilot platform for high-density wrapping of coatings of copper has been ongoing for five years, and the products currently being introduced are gradually being demonstrated, and the product line ' s performance contribution may be in 2020 and beyond.
The fccl project (no glue-painting method), 2018q4, has been put into production, with a capacity of about 4.2 million flat/year, filling the gap in domestic firms. The electronics-for-profit programme, which expands the production of high-precision pcb capacity, will gradually benefit the construction needs of 5g:
Profit-based electronics are home-grown enterprises characterized by hdi, digital devices pcb: 2017.
In terms of technical capacity, based on the company ' s information updated in 2016, its general system panels can be up to 38 floors, 58 floors of backboards, and 28 floors of hdi, which is the leading water in the industry.
Ping, second only to deep-south, electric, Zhonda, etc., but the company's top layers are now in line with the line wide, and each product line can reach around 2.5 mil, which is the first-class level in the industry and meets the requirements of the normal smartphone hd1 panel.
As can be seen, technologically beneficial electronics is a medium- and high-end product supplier specializing in hdi fine-wireding, with high-level multi-layer backboards for the production of communications equipment. The technological reserves are well suited to the trend of future pcb fine-tune lines and large-scale construction of communications equipment.
In terms of production capacity, there are two production-friendly electronics plants, the Guangdong Wanjiang factory area is an old plant area, with a technological upgrade in 2012 and a capacity of about 250,000 m2/year, and the East City plant area is now operational in 2014, at a price level of the medium- and low-level hdi and up to 16 floors of equipment.
Investments in Jiangxi can further expand the capacity of companies to meet the construction needs of the 5g investment: this investment plan amounts to RMB 1.5 billion, in accordance with the industry practice in pcb, the project output/investment is estimated to reach RMB 3 billion between 2-3 and take into account the average price of products under the new generation ' s communications.
Lower-winding air production is two times higher, with interest in the boom prices and high-frequency base materials going 1.5 to 2 times higher, and the production capacity of the Mangang plant area will subsequently be transferred to the Iioka mountain development area, where it can be estimated that the project will add up to 1 million square metres (the coupon dealer's calculation, phased out).
Based on the existing disclosures, the company has now entered into an investment contract with the local government to purchase approximately 179 acres of industrial land in the economic and technological development area of Okayama, followed by:
(b) Construction began within 180 days of the acquisition of land use rights (the main project base was opened).
(a) Completion and completion of work within 24 months of the date of commencement;
Taking into account that the project product is a high-precision circuit board for communication networks, servers and other areas, and is highly related to the need for 5g communications base stations, servers, mobile phones, and material networking equipment, the time point for the investment is appropriate to accommodate the 5g investment in construction and downstream consumption-induced pcb requirements.
We believe that the contribution of electronics to the performance of the group will gradually increase.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.