Big Retail + Trading Bank, Goroe's old man, 23rd of 2022, first covered.
The old good-quality city comptoir, with a new management. The Nanjing Bank was founded in 1996 and won a \triangleright in 2007, forming a regional business strategy for “King Ken-King out of Nanjing-King” and growing up.
By 2020, the new management structure was completed, bringing new dynamism to the public administration, boosting performance, and shifting business thinking to a larger scale. Large retail sales were upgraded by 2.0, with consumer loans and large wealth.
On the one hand, consumer loans take up half of the world's capital, buy Suning off the money, take a license and help to “regrow”; wealth management benefits from a two-way race between fiscal transition and private business.
The market has grown by 43% since 2018. For the planetary sea, it's in silver, micro and science. Jiangsu's economy is “mass and quality,” laying the ground for expansion \triangleright
The Bank of Trade + Debt City Gene, which creates a comprehensive financial map. Under the Trading Bank Strategy, cash management and supply
Reciprocal-chain finance is the core catch, bringing multiple benefits in revenue, deposits, and customer stickyness; bond business has a strong edge, with both investment and underwriting; the two interact with wealth management to shape a corporate vision of integrated finance.
\triangleright roe has returned steadily to 15.84% of 21q3, the third largest comptoir in the city. High performance is expected to continue, and the balance sheet is not as clean as ever.
\triangleright full, followed by less discomfort with asset quality; second, retail, small-medium support risk spread, financial assets of the treasury supported quality and potentially low risk to the company; third, unvalued investment ratio continued to decline and investment security secured
Investment recommendations: strategic upgrading contributes to high growth, high quality, valuation supports new management \triangleright with new dynamism, retail 2.0 reform of sword management means wealth management, integrated financial mapping is becoming clearer and high
For the first time, a “recommended” rating was given. 1 old high-quality city comptoir, with management rejuvenating with a new regional development strategy of 1.1 “Three Steps”
The Bank of Nanjing was established on 6 February 1996 as an urban comptoir based on 39 former urban credit unions in Nanjing City and the Union des appliances, and in 2002 and 2005, the International Finance Corporation and the Banque de Paris de France were introduced and successfully placed on the market in 2007. As of 21q3, the total assets of the company amounted to 17.1 million.
Based on Nanjing, deep-cultivating Jiangsu, radiation-quality areas. The first 10 years of its existence (1996-2006), the company was based in Nanjing; since 2007, with the formal opening of the Thai branch, the company has been operating “out of Nanjing” while consolidating the local market in Nanjing, and has continued to develop or grow better in Jiangsu Province.
From 2008 to 2010, the expansion of the “out of Jiangsu” took place at a further pace, with the establishment of the Shanghai, Beijing and Hangzhou branches.
Regional business strategies have also been well demonstrated in terms of performance. Corporate income and profit share in Nanjing has been declining overall since 2008, but remains a core component; performance contributions from other regions in Jiangsu have increased more markedly, with profits accounting for about 50%; and performance contributions outside Jiangsu have been lower overall.
Figure 2: Regional distribution of Nanking Bank receipts as at 21H1
As of 21q3, the top 10 shareholders held 59.32% of the total, the first shareholder was BNP Paribas, with 13.92% of the shares and the state-owned legal persons, 34.37% of the shares.
Kyoko's total shareholding is 22.23%. Figure 4: Nanking Bank's equity structure as of 21q3
The firm’s firm’s firm’s firm of $11.6 billion was set to land in 2020, driving the 20h1 Core Level Capital Sufficiency Quarterly Ring up by 125bp. Figure 5: Nanjing Bank’s Capital Sufficiency as at 21q3
1.3 Three main genes developed over time, micro-finance: the company's long-term cultivation of Nanjing, the establishment of good partnerships with local small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), the apparent dynamism of services to SMEs since 2006 and the evolution of the “bank of small and medium-sized enterprises” brand image, and
In 2005, the company introduced BNP Paribas, which had a strong retail presence, as the company's first company, which was closely linked to the market position of the “civic bank”, to the development of a personal financial services system.
The company has been involved in financial operations since 1997 and has set up an independent financial operations centre at the earliest in the city's comptoirs, the “bond-specific bank” recognized in the industry, now in 2002.
Bond settlements account for one third of total market settlements. Figure 6: Three genes of Nanjing Bank, new management 1.4, new “meteorology”
In May 2019, the former President of the Bank left for work, and in May 2020, Lin, Governor of the Nanjing branch of the former Bank of Human Resources, went to serve as Governor of the Bank of Nanjing, filling almost a year of vacancies. The company, through a career manager reform, identified a number of vice-presidents of career managers.
In October 2020, the management of the “one straight eight” of the Bank of Nanjing was formally completed with the approval of the Board of Governors of the three vice-presidents of the company.
Loans have grown faster, with key business indicators firmly ahead of the HSBS system. The remaining eight vice-presidents were born between 1964 and 1973, and the entire management was younger, bringing new dynamism to corporate development.
Due to this dual impact, corporate performance has recovered significantly since 2021, with 21 per cent of the year-on-year increase as at 21q3, recovery to higher pre-epidemiological levels and 22.2 per cent of the year-on-year increase in net profit, as compared to 2013 figure 7: Nanjing Bank performance up to 21q3
Since 2021, scale expansion has become the core force for growth in performance.2 Large retail sales have increased by 2.0, consumer loans and large wealth have grown. Nanjing Bank launched its Big Retail Strategy in 2017, and launched a 2.0 reform in 2020, which continues to push.
Retail operations are becoming more dynamic. Large retailing strategies, partly influenced by previous credit defaults on public clients, are strategically designed both to find new growth poles and to achieve risk through changes in the customer structure. 2.0 reforms are centred on “customer-centred” customer segmentation.
The tiered management structure for drilling customers - wealth customers - basic customers - Internet customers provides differentiated financial services for different groups of customers. 2.0 Reforms are both a continuation of the strategy of large retailing and a further indication of the acquisition of Suning's cash and the "re-growth" of consumer loans to wealth managers by 2.1.
Consumer lending, which accounts for “half of the world’s” loans from the Bank of Nanjing, is a central force in the growth of corporate lending. The Bank has accelerated the construction of a new pattern of co-development of consumer loans, housing loans, and business loans in retail lending, in which consumer lending ratios have been high and growth has been high, surpassing mortgage lending since 19th. As of 21H1,
Consumer loans account for 47.9 per cent of retail loans, up from 0.41 pct at the end of 20 years, and have increased cumulatively by 14 pct since 2017, leading to an increase of 7 pct in the share of individual loans in total loans.
The starting point for business development, influenced by the lack of a gold-free license plate, is more moderate in scale expansion, but it is still the company's traditional consumption loan,1 which is dominated by “well-e-lending”. As of 21h1, the balance of investment amounted to $26.213 billion, or 23.96 per cent of the total. Clients are of the highest quality and are subject to relatively strict screening conditions.
3. Consumer Finance Centre (cfc) loans. As of 21h1, the balance of investment amounted to $44.9 billion, compared to the direct operating agency of the Banco Nanjing specializing in cash removal, which was established in March 2007 by the Bank of Nanjing, in conjunction with the fully-owned subsidiary of the Bank of Paris, a strategic partner, Cetelem, France and Europe.
The acquisition of Sunning’s shareholdings opened up further room for growth in consumer lending. Sunning’s share capital was established in May 2015, with the Nanjing Bank as an initial shareholder with a 20% shareholding, and with the Sonin elimination boost in 2016.
In January 2022, the Bank of Nanjing announced that it was going to acquire Suning's shareholding, and in March there was substantial progress in the acquisition of shares. The Bank of Nanjing is going to receive 39% and 5% of the shares of Suning's shareholding, respectively.
By 56%, it is expected that there will be a significant increase in the voice of Sunning’s development. The location of the license plate is expected to unleash the growth potential of the company’s gold removal business.
Regulatory factors that have been suppressed have theoretically enabled national operations, significantly expanded the scope of the exhibition, and also sent a signal that the Department has used cfc as its main point of action for follow-up. Moreover, in 2021, the Internet lending policy of banks was significantly tightened, with less than a third of the Bank’s operations in Nanjing, whose impact is expected to be more limited.
2.2 Deepening wealth management and managing the two-wheel drive of the money and the private sector
Retail aum is growing faster. As of 21H1, aum was $5.376 billion. This represents an increase of 10.9%.
South Bank finances are well developed, net worth, and channels are important support. They were approved in December 2019, and officially established in August 2020, with a product size of over $300 billion as of August 21. Net value transformation leads the industry as a whole.
The "1+n" channel was built in an orderly manner. In the view of the "1+n" channel, "1" is Nanjing.
Banks, “n” as alternative channels, including surrogates and direct sales. On marketing, companies actively promote sales by their peers, relying on the “Choose Moneymaker” Club platform, and there are now more than a dozen banks that sell their property, including the Brethren Bank, the Général Bank, etc. On direct sales, the direct financial management system has been steadily advanced, and it has been successful in getting online.
In December 2021, the Ministry of Private Banking was officially inaugurated, moving from the second level of the retail finance department to the total.
As of 21h1, the number of private customers of companies increased by 15.6 per cent, and the average monthly average value of private customers aum amounted to $16,758 million, an increase of 16.8 per cent.
On the other hand, the company ' s private client base is above 600w (some banks are set at 800w or 1,000w) and more than 300w, but the company ' s reform of 2.0, by combining these two categories of customers with private customers (data disclosure also combines them), shows the importance it attaches to 300w-600w clients: the second is that the private customer base is on average aum.
See, as of 21H1, 50742,000 yuan, despite a certain upward trend, it is at a relatively low level, indicating that clients are sinking, reflecting a different development strategy for private bank operations in Nanjing. The missing number of private clients in Nanjing Bank and the large fluctuations in the value of Ningbo Bank aum are not included in the chart.
2.3 The strategy has worked well, and retail contributions have increased. Nanjing Bank personal bank revenues have increased rapidly in recent years, and the ratio has jumped. Since 2017, when the company introduced the retail strategy, the growth rate of individual banks has continued to lead the overall increase, up to 21q3, individual banks.
With a revenue of $6,566 million, an increase of 34 per cent over the same period, the overall rate of growth of 13 pct over the same period was 13 pct, 3 pairs of stars and oceans out of total income, with significant advantages in silver, microscopic, and venture 3.1, laying the foundation for expansion.
The Jiangsu economy was “massy.” By the end of 2021, Jiangsu province had Gdp of 11,64 trillion yuan, corresponding to 8.6 per cent growth, ranked second in the country; per capita Gdp was 137,000 yuan, followed only by Beijing and Shanghai, and third in the country; and per capita disposable income was 475,000 yuan, representing an increase of 9.47 per cent, the fourth in the country.
Jiangsu's new dynamic has increased significantly in recent years. By 2020, the share of high-technology industries in the total output of more than the size of the industry was 46.5%, representing an increase of 6.4 pt since 2015, while Jiangsu's number was the highest in the country, accounting for 19% of the total amount raised.
The country's third, 13.8 per cent, has a strong public business base of 3.2 monetary cooperation, boosters and innovations, with a strong focus on local operations and close ties with local enterprises and governments.
At the end of the debt, Nanjing Bank, a long-standing financial institution such as local corporate payroll, social security, etc., has also established an in-depth partnership with the Nanjing National Tax and Land Tax, which has resulted in significant deposits being retained, partly to support the long-term higher share of the debt than the industry has, and at a cost that is almost equal to that of the industry.
At the end of the spectrum, the firm ' s share of public loans has long been more than 65 per cent, up to 21q3 to 70 per cent, and the share of public loans in interest-bearing assets has been increasing steadily since 2017, further highlighting the leading advantage of comparable counterparts.
In recent years, the Bank of Nanjing’s banking cooperation has increased. During the period of rapid expansion, the Bank of Nanjing used the strategy of large clients, large projects, and made more arrangements for monetary cooperation. In the first 10 years of 2006, government-type loans accounted for nearly 19% of all public loans.
On the one hand, the share of government loans in public loans has recovered steadily, and on the other hand, the share of public loans in interest-bearing assets invested by companies in leasing the business services sector is evident.
Growth, with 21H1 reaching 14.7% of high innovation, is usually linked to local financing platforms and infrastructure. Behind corporate monetary cooperation, or related to previous bad concentration in specific Jiangsu industries, is the sharp decline in the share of manufacturing loans.
The silver government works closely together to support the company's continued expansion, with the asset end comprising, among other things, investment in government financing platforms and capital projects that can effectively hedge the entity's financing needs when economic growth is under downward pressure, and the end of the debt end is mainly the ability to absorb significant financial deposits, which, as of the end of 2021, were in Nanjing.
The balance (banking financial institutions) amounted to $17.73 billion, equivalent to the balance of 21q3 on public term deposits, and figure 33: the balance of Nanjing fiscal deposits as of 2021 (millions of dollars) was a contribution to innovation, and the bank ' s business model and product innovation depended on government support, especially from regional firms.
Business banks. This has been reflected in corporate development, such as the launch in 2020 of the “Governance Gardens” initiative model, in which the Government played an important role, with reserves and landings of innovative bond varieties such as carbon in companies and debt in 2021, and rural debt revitalization.
3.3 Slightly and steadily moving toward becoming a customer Good resource endowment and faster development of micro-finance. Jiangsu is economically active and contributes more than 60% to gdp throughout the province, providing an objective basis for Nanjing Bank to develop micro-business.
At one point, the share of public loans reached 50.2%, 45.9% by the end of 2020, which is the long-term micro-finance of the Nanjing Bank. During the first 10 years of the company's existence, the brand image of the Small and Medium Enterprises Bank has been gradually developed; since 2006, the company has gradually become active in small business, lending to small businesses.
The rate of increase has remained high; in 2016, the company fully launched its three-year growth plan for “single partners”, which revolved around micro-entity enterprises and designed integrated service programmes, including enterprise finance, cash management and lending linkages, up to 21h1, with nearly 3,000 clients, an increase of 325 per cent over the end of 2016.
On the one hand, in 2020, the company completed a three-tier "total-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-small-micro-special organization" and 97.6% of the integrated branches set up a small-enterprise finance department to promote the further sinking of micro-finance services; on the other hand, it gradually developed a set of service providers to break down industries and scenes.
Some of the products, such as the "Small Highs", "Smalls", "Smalls" and "Small Farmers", and "Small Rice" for the three farmers. 3.4 are distinctive, creating a space for growth.
The company's long-term deep-cultivation technology culture, financial services, pioneered the establishment of a science and technology branch in Nanjing as early as 2011, and in 2019 it launched the “1+3” action plan.
The share of science and technology finance in corporate micro-business rose from less than 20 per cent in 2016 to 34 per cent in October 2021, and the balance of full-fledged science and technology finance lending exceeded $52 billion, with a steady market share of over 50 per cent in Nanjing.
There are three main aspects to the corporate approach to micro-finance: 1; the specialization model: the establishment of 14 science and technology branches in Nanjing, Hangzhou, Wuxi, etc., with a focus on service sections 2, service models: loan lending linkages. In 2015, companies built on the wealth accumulated in science and technology financial services.
In July 2020, the company formally established a loan association centre and explored a new loan association, the “Golden Gardens” initiative.
Models. In September 2021, the company launched a special initiative to provide “equity investment + credit resources + policy support” for business start-ups in the park, through financial cooperation, using the model “Multiplicity, tiered marketing, house-to-house services” for “new and specialized” small and medium-sized enterprise development, with single-house credit lines of up to $50 million.
3. Services products: a series of branded products, mainly "Girl Intelligence" and oriented towards intellectually productive technology. Figure 38: Nanjing Bank "Girl Intelligence" brand products, Inc. active in micro-finance, on the one hand, based on Jiangsuko to create a new industry.
There is room for growth. The company’s leading role in business start-ups is expected to grow, generate sustainable business growth, sustain a high expansion, including growth in credit delivery, and sink large amounts of deposits through marketing base accounts, public fund-raising accounts, etc.
On the other hand, it is also conducive to long-term improvements in asset quality. It is in line with the logic of the diffusion of micro-business risks (in 2020, the MSMEs were below the overall 20bp), while MSMEs were strongly supported by a core science and technology competitive mix of policies that were more attractive during the start-up phase, including pe/vc.
In the long run, science, technology and innovation have become more and more central drivers of economic growth, and the early deployment of this track is expected to improve the quality of the company’s assets over the long term.
The Nanjing Bank Trading Bank strategy was formally implemented in 2017, together with the “large retail” companies. By its very nature, the trading banks provide a complete flow and integration service around the customer's trading behaviour.
The business model for light capital, although different institutions have different understandings of the content of the transaction banks, is mainly concerned with payment settlements, trade finance, supply chain finance, cash management, and asset hosting. The strategy is presented, or is associated with the then-higher capital pressure, the pressure of middle-income growth, and fluctuations in asset quality.
Cash management and supply chain finance are central players in corporate-trading banking strategies. Companies use the concept of “technology-led, innovation-driven, digital business” as a development tool to provide targeted products and services to different segments of the company's business.
Cash management focuses on the settlement needs of clients at different levels of the enterprise, increasing deposit sedimentation and customer stickyness through enhanced mobility, facilitation of cash management products.
Standardized product systems, such as campuses; silver interconnectivity as a channel for large group enterprises, supported by niche products, providing services including accounts, payments, liquidity management, funds management, etc., as of 21H1, covering a call-out deposit of nearly $60 billion, an increase of nearly 40 per cent from the beginning of the year; and small and medium-sized enterprises, a major initiative
The business mobile bank's “single company” product, which meets the needs of the enterprise's fragmented and mobile financial services, has accumulated 22,000 subscribers with an average of $18.4 billion on-the-spot deposits as of 21h1. Supply chain finance makes full use of business transaction data and third-party data, based on core supply chain business credit.
By means of onlineization, dataization, modelling, and bulk financing services for SMEs. In 2020, the company launched the “Standing Chain Financial Business Two Hundred” scheme, promoting supply chain financial partnerships with 100 industry leaders in seven supply chain scenes.
42 major scenarios, along with the first supply chain financial integration public service platform in the South Chinatown region, corporate-trading banking strategies are gradually being released. As the volume of trading banking increases, billions of dollars; and the customer base expands and becomes more sticky, with 6,561 active households as of 21H1, the same rate increases.
We expect a significant reduction in the rate of loss of this portion of the deposit at 30%. 4.2 Bonds are prominent, both underwriting and investment.
The industry’s leading bond-trading capacity from the early days extended to bond investment and bond underwriting, and the centre was a central player in corporate bond business, which was granted independent title in Shanghai in 2018. The Nanjing Bank invested in larger volumes and higher returns. As of 21h1, the balance of corporate bond investment was close to 21h1.
Four hundred and fifty billion yuan, or more than 61 per cent of financial investment, and about 23 per cent of total interest-bearing assets; larger investment volumes are not amortized, reflecting better bond investment capacity, and corporate financial investment returns have been consistently higher than comparable counterparts in recent years.
Bond underwriting is a traditional feature of Nanjing Bank, long ranked among the top three comptoirs in the city. Since 2019, corporate bond underwriting has grown rapidly, leading to a sustained increase in bond underwriting revenue, and since 2018, Jiangsu has seen a significant increase in the distribution of credit in the country.
This trend is expected to continue, adding to the good investment brand image that the company has built itself, bond carrying and revenue, 4.3 and wealth management, a concoct of the integrated financial vision.
While the Bureau and development have far-reaching implications, the two can also empower each other to move forward with the Nanjing Bank’s strategic vision of “becoming a top-notch financial service provider in small and medium-sized banks.” First, the underlying business (especially small and medium-sized enterprises) dealing with banking services may be a potential private drilling.
(b) Second, the outstanding advantages of bond operations, particularly bond underwriting, provide an effective foundational asset support for corporate wealth management, which is also the industry-wide wealth management product in the context of the current scarcity of high-quality assets
Finally, there can be mutual empowerment between the trading bank and the bond business, such as the large amount of settlement services deposited, which provides a solid basis for credit risk identification, and the stronger bond investment capacity of the trading bank.
The cornerstone of the competitiveness of gold management products.5 High performance performance is expected to continue with a high profit growth of 5.1 cents, contributing to the maintenance of the roe lead.
The performance of the Nanjing Bank has recovered significantly since 2021, better than that of comparable counterparts. The effect of the higher volatility of the debt market on the company’s non-interest-bearing business income has been a significant decline in the company’s year-on-year growth rate in 2020, which is lower than that of comparable counterparts.
The average value of all the shares in the market, except Chongqing, Ziru, Rufeng and the Farm Bank (both after 21 years of listing, with data missing) is equal to the increase in the net profit from dismantling, and since 2021, the main driving force has been the expansion of the size, the net difference and the central harvest.
As of 21q3, the three above-mentioned contributions to the net profit growth rate of the parent rate stood at 83.7%, of which the scale expansion contribution was 58.3%. In addition, other non-interest-bearing operations gradually faded in their performance and increased in their contribution to 21q3.
In terms of the core forces that drive performance growth, growth in scale is more certain, with net spreads or improvements, sustained growth is sustained, with three helping Nanjing banks maintaining a high performance, adding a stronger willingness to convert companies to equity, and a stronger incentive to release performance, sustaining high levels of performance.
For a long time, the pace of expansion of the Nanjing Bank site has been relatively robust, with Jiangsu Province (except Nanjing) growing branches (2 Nanjing), 160 sites (81 Nanjing), and the Shanghai, Beijing and Hangzhou branch in the framework of a combined network, with the aim of becoming a deep market in Tyu Jiangsu Province, planning for the year late 2023.
Increases to 300. There are two main factors: on one hand, the number of firms is significantly smaller compared to their counterparts, and it is an objective constraint on expansion; and on the other hand, the advantages of the network are clear, and the sides reflect the depth of the customer's excavations still have room for improvement.
This time, Nanjing Bank has significantly increased its network by focusing on the Jiangsu region or bringing about short-term pressure on its costs, but in the long term, on the one hand, it has created a solid foundation for high-extenssion development, better drawing on Jiangsu's regional advantages, and on the other hand, it has been the implementation of the Grand Retail and Trading Bank strategy, which has resulted in service sinking through increased channels, growth in loan deposits,
Aum growth, SME financial services, etc., have all made a positive difference. Although Nanjing’s bankroe is higher than the industry’s average, the net difference is significantly lower than that of comparable counterparts. As of 21h1, the firm’s net difference was 1.93%, 10bp below the urban comptoir’s average, and 40bp behind Jiangsu Bank.
Asset yields are lower than comparable counterparts, and are a central factor behind net interest differentials. The asset structure of the company is the main reason for lower asset yields, the long-term share of loans in assets is lower than that of comparable counterparts, and the relatively low rate of returns on investment by peers also has a negative impact.
The asset structure tends to be optimized and the profit spread improved. First, the firm’s lending ratio has increased more than comparable counterparts in recent years, and the gap has gradually narrowed, while second, the share of loans in interest-bearing assets has continued to grow, with high-yielding varieties such as consumer loans, credit card operations, and so on.
At the same time, with the further development of wealth management and cash management operations, core low-cost liabilities are expected to become more solid, with the end of the debt expected to maintain a cost advantage that will further support the net difference.
With financial and non-valued operations, the growth in the middle is far ahead of the average, and with 16 years of financial deleveraging and significant tightening of regulation, both companies have been hit by shocks that are higher than the industry as a whole, leading to a steep fall in the middle and middle gains. Since 2018, the middle and middle gains have been repaired, and they have gradually taken a step ahead of their counterparts.
The rapid growth in the middle harvest has also led to an effective increase in the median share. For a long time, the overall share of Nanjing banks was lower than the urban comptoir average, and the share of companies in the company was significantly higher in the 18-year boom.
Off-the-shelf finance and bond cover are central drivers of growth. On the basis of the company’s collection structure, the combined share of agency and consulting services (mainly off-the-shelf finance) and bond cover is stable at about 80% (21h1, two strategies are moving forward, and it is expected to lead to better growth. On the one hand, the 2.0 reform is more oriented.
Wealth management, based on good financial development in the South and differentiated competitive strategies of private customers, superpositioned network points, and a firm expansion of layout to provide strong support for the subsequent retail aum growth, allowing for better and sustained growth in agent and consulting business income; on the other hand, under the trading banking strategy, including settlement fees and asset custody receipts
In addition, as stated earlier in the report, revenues from corporate bonds are expected to continue to grow at a high rate, based on the strong demand for and demand for Jiangsu bonds and the strong advantages of their own underwriting. The Nanjing Bank released $20 billion in June 2021 to transfer debt, leaving the company with enough ammunition to expand further.
After the targeted increase in 2020, capital constraints were significantly eased, while a small portion of the debt could be directly accounted for in core-level capital at the time of issuance (which is usually between 10 and 20%), further increasing the security margin of the capital adequacy indicator, with greater willingness to convert, and performance unleashing momentum. While the firm is currently under less pressure to rein in capital constraints, it is moving.
Supported by continued expansion, roe is expected to recover faster. 6 reports are not as clean today as 6.1 is, and the security margin is thick.
The Bank of Nanjing has been operating steadily for a long time, maintaining a low level of industry. As a result of a wave of industry defaults, the company ' s bad rate has increased in 2012 - 2015 in the form of volatility in 2012 - 2015 q3, and has been at a relatively steady low level as of 0.91 per cent, despite credit risk incidents in some large households.
In terms of bad advance indicators, the Bank of Nanjing’s 21h1 overdue rate has risen, and is expected to be exposed to the risks of individual large households’ continuing epidemics. However, the company’s provision coverage rate has remained poor since 20q3.
On a stable basis, stability has increased slightly, and absolute levels are significantly higher than those of peers, and the security margins of assets are still strong enough, and the overall quality of Nanjing’s assets is expected to be stable, depending on factors such as orderly disposal of stock risks, improved credit customer structure and a drop in non-signited investment holdings.
Since 2018, the banks of Nanjing have seen a rise in the incidence of default due to successive defaults by private enterprises, the three brothers and the abundance. The marginal situation is now expected to improve as the disposal of debt defaults progresses in an orderly manner:
1 Rainshed Group: In December 2021 and January 2022, the Rainshed Holdings and Nanjing Raining Reorganization Programme were approved respectively, which also means that the Reorganization Programme is finally on the ground. Under the Reorganization Programme, 122 companies were included in the heavy group of over $80 billion in debt in the ladder of “cash settlements + debt instalments + equity payments”
Debt servicing is done in such a way that the principal and interest of the claim are fully covered and the interests of all creditors are protected to the maximum extent possible.
The idea is to “ensure, preserve, extend” the principal of the claim, which is not adjusted to include the “principal balance of the debt”, the liquidation and disposal of non-principal business assets, which are used to settle the debt, and the introduction of a war offer as a provider of financial relief and the development of high-quality assets in the main business.
3. Rich Group: In December 2021, the Group proposed to adopt a debt restructuring plan “introduction of incremental amounts, consolidation of stocks, bottom compensation”, in which operating claims would be settled in cash, non-operational claims would be settled through a “trust plan”, with a bottom-up compensation clause to safeguard creditors' rights and interests in respect of any deficiencies that might arise.
Prior-period impairment losses are fully accounted for, and inventory risks are expected to cause significant deterioration in asset quality and performance. Between 2018 and 2020, negative write-offs and transfers and loan impairments by the Nanjing Bank increased significantly, reflecting a concentration of large-scale credit risks, firm active financial disposal, physical asset quality, and follow-up assets
Qualitative marginal improvements and performance releases lay the foundation. 6.3 All improvements in client structure have lower potential adverse risks. On the one hand, credit client concentration has declined significantly, and retail and small re-financing risks have spread.
The concentration of loans has remained high for a long time, with the top 10 clients accounting for 8.4 per cent in 2007, followed by a marked decline in concentration under regulatory requirements and restructuring of their clients, down to 4.92 per cent in 2012, with some of the loans in the table being converted into non-target investments with the rise of non-target operations, with concentration being passive.
Large retailing strategies and micro-finance layouts have further boosted the improvement of customer structure and spread of risk. Overall, corporate micro-credit and individual lending rates are lower than the overall poor rate, despite the one-in-one default rate.
The impact of the epidemic has increased in 2020, but as the epidemic normalizes, we expect to return to central water, and the company’s potential adverse risks are more manageable. On the other hand, as a city comptoir working closely with silver, the company’s assets are better tied to local finances.
We compare Jiangsu to the major eastern provinces and cities, where the leverage ratio (measured by: local government debt balance versus local gdp) is low, roughly at the same level as Beijing and lower than Shanghai; and where revenue growth, while modest in absolute terms, is robust, with a relative increase in the onset of the epidemic in 2020.
At this stage, local financial resources continue to be the main support for local municipal investment and the solvency of capital projects. As a result, public-banking cooperation has increased in recent years, and the quality of assets delivered has been more secure and potentially less manageable.
In addition, Jiangsu experienced a more thorough risk exposure after the 2014 - 2015 debt default surge, and the overall poor rate of financial institutions in the province was on the decline, benefiting the Nanjing Bank as well. 6.4 The non-specimized ratio has been declining and investment security has improved.
The Bank of Nanjing’s financial investment business has long been higher than the industry average. Since the inception of the bond market, the Department has been active in the first echelons and has developed the brand image of the Bond Character Bank, although since 2016 financial investment has declined as a percentage of loans due to the market environment and the dynamism of the lending business, but as of now,
21H1, still 37.4 per cent, is higher than comparable counterparts 5.6 pct. The share of non-target assets in the Division's financial investments has been declining steadily, and the quality of non-targeted assets, usually as credit classes, has been weaker than the quality of the assets on-the-table loans, or has been used to circumvent the restrictions on the overrepresentation of non-target assets in the tables, so the decline in the ratio of non-target assets has been matched by a decline in the ratio of non-target assets to non-target assets.
Financial investment is safe and good for overall asset quality. Further, bond investment is the backbone of corporate financial investment, with high-level interest-rate debt, financial debt accounting for about 80 per cent, corporate debt maintaining low levels of water equity and investment security.
Figure 80: Profit projection and investment recommendation 7.1 Profit projection assumption and business split as of 21h1 Nanking Bank bond investment structure 7
1. The new management approach to the growth in size is inclined towards a larger scale, with the proposed addition of 100 new outlets in Jiangsu;
The return is evident in the rising share of loans in interest-bearing assets and the central strength of consumer lending, which drives the growing share of individual loans in loans and interest-bearing assets; at the end of the debt, the cost advantage is based on a deposit-to-contribution ratio of 3, non-interest income: net fee income growth is expected to remain strong under both strategies; interest rates are expected to remain strong;
The market environment is relatively relaxed and stable, benefiting from profitable and traded bond investments, and boosting other non-interest-bearing operations.4 Quality of assets: large-scale stock risk disposal is advancing steadily and the quality of follow-on assets is limited; zero sales, microscopics, microfiche support risks are dispersed, the quality of assets in the silver market is supported and the potential for adverse risks is low;
The new management has brought new dynamism, retail 2.0 reform of the sword to wealth management, and the consolidated financial map has become clearer, with a cut-off price of 0.9 times 21 years pb on 23 March 2022, below the comparable corporate average and median, covered for the first time, with a “recommended” rating.
A regional credit risk outbreak: a concentration of industry-specific risks is exposed. The pace of transformation is not as fast as expected: for example, the transformation of wealth management is not as fast as expected.
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.