The three isthmus energy (600905.sh) has a combination of factors that affect the decline in profitability, the steady growth of new energy projects, a steady growth in business earnings and a decline in net return profits. In the first three quarters of 2023, companies achieved a recovery.
19,289 million yuan (+10.82 per cent), resulting in a net profit of $5,436 million (11.56 per cent) and a net profit of $5,351 million (-13.13 per cent) from non-repatriation. The increase in corporate operating income is due to the higher volume of wind power, light voltage units and more electricity generated and connected to the Internet.
Reason for the decrease: First, due to the impact of the number of new production projects and changes in power source categories, the company experienced a greater decline in the same period in the first three quarters of the year, in accordance with the Enterprise Accounting Standard Interpretation 15, which recorded operating income and resulted from the matching of directly related costs with accounting standards.
s098012070002 Increases in operating costs; third, the start-up in December 2022 of the power generation enterprise to raise the cost of safe production, and the company's planned installed capacity is 13.15gw, of which wind power 3.64gw, photovoltaic 9.51gw,
The company’s gradual move to build projects will drive sustained robust growth in its performance. The company actively acquires new energy project resources, seizes the country’s millions of kilowatts of new energy base policy opportunities, continuously optimizes the development layout, and actively promotes the development of declarations and local competition for regular projects for the country’s large wind and light-voltage base project;
At the same time, it promoted access to offshore wind and wind resources, and planned the deployment of offshore wind and power bases, and as the offshore wind and power projects began to be approved in various locations, the company’s offshore wind and power project resources fell into the ground.
The Three Gorges Group, a company-owned shareholder group, plans to fund the tri-Gorges group in the next 12 months, as permitted by the Shanghai Stock Exchange. In recent days, the tri-Gorges Group, through the Shanghai Stock Exchange trading system, has held an additional 26,766,000 shares in the company ' s total stock, representing about 0.09 per cent of the total stock of the company.
Three Gorges Energy (600905.sh) - Cost-Ending Decline, New Energy Projects
Investment proposals: As a result of the significant increase in corporate operating costs and a decline in investment returns on a year-to-year basis, a downward shift in corporate profits has resulted in a higher volume of electricity generated and connected to the production of three gorges of energy (600905.sh) - wind and wind at sea, with a sustained increase in performance than in the production and operation of wind power and light voltage units.
Impacts such as the number of production projects and changes in power source categories, the company experienced a greater decline in the same year in the first three quarters of the year, and the profit contribution from the commissioning income was reduced more than in 2022 after the direct associated costs were included in the operating income in accordance with the Enterprise Accounting Standard Interpretation No. 15;
The electricity industry accounts for a net increase in operating costs over the year; fourthly, the level of profitability of participating enterprises fluctuates, with investment returns falling by 37 per cent over the year. Billions of kWh (+16.27 per cent), of which 19.378 billion kWh (+17.43 per cent) is generated by wind and wind on land, and at sea.
563 million kWh (-21.15 per cent) for hydroelectric power generation; 47 million kWh (+56.67 per cent) for independent storage capacity generation; 2,197 million kWh (+9.47 per cent) for offshore wind power generation (+11.41 per cent); 4,163 million kWh (+11.82 per cent) for solar power generation; 361 million kWh (-1.63 per cent) for hydroelectric power generation; and 363 million kWh (1.63 per cent) for independent storage.
Power-generating capacity: 22 million kWh (+46.67 per cent). Figure 3: Net profit and increase of energy to the three gorges (in billions of yuan) Figure 4: Net profit from single-season energy to the three gorges (in billions)
The decline in the Māori rate and the small increase in the level of the cost rate have led to a drop in the level of the net interest rate. In the first three quarters of 2023, corporate gross financial costs decreased by 0.79 pct over the same period, management costs increased by 1.14 pc over the same period, overall cost rates decreased by roe, and operating net cash flows increased in the first three quarters of 2023, due to the fall in net corporate interest rates.
Quarterly net corporate cash flows of $11,652 million, an increase of 21.96 per cent over the same period, and net operating cash flows of $21,96 per cent over the same period were due to the higher volume of wind power, photovoltaic projects and higher revenues from online electricity and sales, as well as to the increased volume of electricity generated by the three gorges ' energy roe and du Pont analyses
As of June 2023, the total installed capacity of the Department’s planned construction projects was 13.15gw, with wind power 3.64gw, photovoltaic 9.51gw, and the company’s progressive move in construction projects will drive firm performance to continue to grow robustly.
Taking advantage of the policy opportunities of the country ' s millions of kilowatts of new energy bases, constantly optimizing the development of the layout, and actively promoting the preparation of declarations and competition for local regular projects for the National Large Wind and Photovoltaics Project; and also promoting access to offshore wind and power resources, planning for the deployment of offshore wind and wind and wind and power bases at sea, with the approval of local offshore wind and wind and wind projects at sea.
Over the next 12 months, the Consort Shareholder Tri-Gorge Group plans to increase public funds through the Shanghai Stock Exchange, which allows them to do so. In recent days, the Tri-Gorge Group, through the Shanghai Stock Exchange trading system, has increased corporate shares through a centralized competitive bidding process.
26.767 million shares, representing about 0.09 per cent of the total equity of the company, and an increase in the shareholding of $128 million.The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality and the conclusion is not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.