The Great Wall Cars (601633): h6 sales are under pressure to keep track of the new car-type relays. The company issued a March Express for the sale of 85430 vehicles, an increase of 2.27 per cent compared to the previous month, and a cumulative sale of 254159 vehicles in the first quarter, an increase of 8.88 per cent compared to the previous month.
The company’s overall sales growth in March was slower, with 40090 of the Aceeds-h6 sales, a decline of 12.99% from the same year. We believe that the main reason for the decline in the volume of H6 sales is the replacement of the main sales model.
As a result of the decline in competitiveness, cash-h6 vehicles, which have been marketed for longer periods of time, are now at the back end of the product ' s life cycle, with no significant advantage over competing models, and the decline in sales of the old h6 will be inevitable as the competitive model continues to be rolled out.
It is a matter of concern that, despite the same drop in sales this month, the country’s suv sales lead is still stable, reflecting a good market reputation and brand appeal. The new generation is about to come to the market this month, and the new model is expected to benefit.
The company's basics (latest) were 4,400 vehicles, with a small increase of 7.16 per cent over the sales ring, slightly lower than I expected.
They believe that the H7 model, as a strategic product of high-end markets in the Great Wall, is already more competitive in terms of self-product strength and value for money. But the segment of the model, which is more than $150,000, has long been occupied by the joint brand model, and consumers buy cars.
Focusing more on brand values than on the design and quality of the optional model itself, while brand values take some time to build. At the same time, the ongoing roll-out of an autonomous branded car of more than $150,000 has increased competition.
H2 will remain strong, looking at the future sales of the new model. H2 will remain strong this month, with 24917 vehicles sold in a single month, an increase of 112.48 per cent.
Hot sales of mid-h2s continue to be an important factor in the strong sales of the h2 car. H2s are the owner of a fine small suv market, using a completely new design language for the Wall, market positioning, accuracy, competitiveness, market recognition, and hope to continue to heat sales.
At the same time, the New H6 model of the Wall will be marketed this month. From the company's data, the new H6 model uses the same product design language as the H2s, regardless of appearance, interior design, manufacturing process and configuration level.
With a very high market competitiveness, the current level of market recognition of h2s indicates that the brand-new h6 is expected to continue the momentum of the old h6 and to bring about a new increase in sales for the Wall. In addition, two models of woo1, w02 will be under the Wey brand flag.
At the end of the year, the two models have the power to compete beyond the same level of design and process, and their future success will be 10, 9 and 8 times higher in the Great Wall, respectively, given that the market advantage of the company ' s ssuv is still significant.
Main vehicle sales are stable, new products are expected to lead to a new increase in sales, and we maintain the company's “prudentially recommended” investment rating. Joined the Chinese Securities Research and Development Department, the main area of research and follow-up: the mechanical industry.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the said securities, which does not take into account the specific investment purposes and financial resources of the persons obtaining the report.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in this report, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.