The Great Wall Cars are going down at a month's pace of sales, looking forward to the new product.
In April 2017, the company published a fast market for sales. In April, it sold 81,896 vehicles and 73,171, respectively, an increase of 1.36 per cent and a decrease of 8.08 per cent. Hafsuv sold 62,120 vehicles, a decrease of 7.31 per cent; of these, Hafh2 sold 16,778, an increase of 56.64 per cent.
New item h6 is in a sales boom, overall sales in April fell on a par with sales in April, as a result of a decline in sales performance in the company's main business, suv, and a drop in car sales in April in Hover.
In 16 years, paragraph h6 achieved an average monthly sale of 40,000 vehicles, with a high annual sales base, and new products will require a certain period of energy to reach their previous sales level. The new item h6coupe has been shortened by 10cm, with high acceleration performance, and the design style of the company ' s hot-marketed H2s has been extended to suit the younger.
The preference of the group for stock prices relative to market performance (nearly 12 months) is $3-35,000/car/car above the price of the old h6 and the market reputation has been good for a month on the market and is expected to continue the explosive sales of the old h6 and become the core of the growth of profits throughout the year.
In the case of models, the cumulative volume of sales during the first four months of h7 amounted to 19,000, and the seven modules of h7l, launched at the end of 16, have already gained a share in the medium-sized suv market with its outstanding value for money advantage, and are expected to drive overall sales growth: h2, which has continued the high growth momentum since this year, with the cumulative sales for the first four months increasing by 80 per cent on the same basis.
It is also worth noting that the company’s pickup brand has been growing since February, with a cumulative sale of nearly 40,000 vehicles in April, an increase of 7 per cent compared to the previous year, benefiting from the gradual easing of Picard’s entry restrictions, and a negative growth in sales of the company’s Hafah 2, which provides security for profitable growth.
The cumulative annual sales have increased by 80%, with no reduction in heat sales. Since last October, Huffh2 has broken down by 20,000 for six consecutive months, ranking first in the small suv market breakdown. The new h2s was designed by former BMW design director Pierre to create more differentiated configurations in shape, interior and so on, widening output.
Given the current level of market recognition, h2 is expected to sustain the momentum of sales and become an important support for companies’ future performance. The high-end brand of Wey is on the market, opening up opportunities for future profitable growth.
This year, the new Great Wall suv high-end Wey was launched as scheduled, with the first model vv7 rolling out a total of six cars at a price range of $16.78-1888 million. Wey's branding is a separate market for autonomous high-end suv, with a 2.0t engine developed autonomously by the Wall, matching a 7-speed bin with a 7-speed bin.
Compared to the market’s low price of the same type of vehicle, its design is luxuriant, and its market resonance has been strong since it was marketed. Building on the strong distribution channels of companies and the good branding effect of pre-suv sales, there is a hope that the market at the mid-to-high end will later rise, opening up new opportunities for companies to grow in future sales and profits.
As a result of the hex of H2 sales, which outperformed market expectations, h6 remained stable at a higher sales base, and the new medium-to-high-end autonomous brand of Wey was successfully marketed, with high market interest. We forecast 2017, where the volume of new car sales fell short of expectations, with the Hover series growing at a lower rate in 2017.
Figure 3: p/eband Institute sales team Author with qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels, with points
The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the present report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party ' s approval or approval.