The value of slurry is extremely low, and the value of blood production is re-established in the sense that the company is one of the largest and lowest-valued blood companies in the country, based on annual slurry in 2017 (a total of 1400 tons of slurry and about 972.6 tons of haemorrhagic plasma), and is currently in the ton slurry market.
Blood-based operations, which have lost their performance factors; the largest number of slurry stations (57 slurry stations out of 2018h1, 47 in camp), the largest slurry in the country as a whole, and the largest product batch industry (12 varieties); the fundamentals have changed dramatically, and future tons are expected to be slurry in the future.
The number of new slurry stations is highest, and the average slurry volume per unit of slurry is higher than the number of new slurry stations, 10 new slurry stations (including substations) in the last two years (2017-2018), far higher than their industrial counterparts.
Three new slurry mills were licensed, with the largest number of new slurry stations and the largest number of slurry stations. Chengdu was able to produce more slurry at the original 18 slurry stations, with an average of 36 tons of slurry per year at the slurry stations, and the new four-blooded slurry stations (Shanghai, Wuhan, Lang and Guizhou) were less capable and significantly less capable of slurry.
The company exported blood source management and development teams to companies such as Middle Thailand in Guizhou, optimizing the slurry management team, increasing the average slurry level of all of the company's slurry stations to near industry averages in 2017, reaching around 29.8 tons, and is expected to increase the slurry capacity of the company as a whole in 2018.
During the last year, the company actually produced six different blood-based products, focusing mainly on human blood proteins and monopropylene platinum profit varieties, which were the first to be signed by a domestic firm and the first to be signed by a national company.
18.6 per cent of the total number of protein batches issued and 25.9 per cent of the city's share in the city of Jing Cing Cing Cing, the Shanghai blood system viii, which has been approved for re-registration, is likely to be re-produced this year; Chengdu Rongba has received rabies patients.
Listed; Fibre Protein, Human Condensate Combination and Stalled Big Cell Virus Human Immunoglobin.
Apocalyptic organisms: A quarterly report predicts a loss of " Clinical Trials for Drugs " , which is included in the priority review catalogue. With the gradual approval of the strains, the blood products are strong.
On the market, the company’s product lines have become more abundant, the use of raw materials has increased in scope, and the company’s gross interest rate is expected to rise gradually. Tons (69.47% of the stock) and the overall gross gross profit rate of the blood industry is about 48%, and conservative assumptions remain.
The division’s asset restructuring has become a pure blood business, and business data will be vastly improved in the future, giving a “buy-in” rating for the first time. Integration is not as high as expected; prices for imported protein shocks; slurry is not as high as expected; and the quality of blood products is at risk.
In 2019, we projected an aggregate slurry of approximately 1736 tons of arrondromous organisms, an equity slurry of about 1,200 tons (with a share of 69.47 per cent of the population), an overall Māori rate of about 48 per cent for blood-based operations and a conservative assumption of around $22 million or a billion shares) corresponding to about 40.4 times that for pe in 2019, with companies restructured into pure blood-based businesses.
The scope for future improvements in business data is enormous, with the first “buy-in” rating given.1 On raw plasma, we focus on two “volumes”: slurry and slurry. The total slurry volume is about 1400 tons, while the average annual slurry at 47 camp slurry stations is about 29.8 tons; the company has been approved for new construction in the last two years.
During the year, we expect the slurry stations to be 49, 56 and 58, respectively, with an average annual slurry of 32, 31 and 33 tons at the slurry stations, and a relatively large number of new slurry stations in 2019, with some fractions, slightly affecting the average slurry at the slurry stations in that year.
By the end of November, Chengdu's blood plasma was transferred to Wuhan and Lanzhou, with no impact on the company as a whole in 2018. It had a positive impact on the company after 2019-2020, adding up the blood industry channels in 2018 to stock, and we expect the company to slow down slurry production (relative slurry up); and further data on blood product batch distribution throughout 2018.
It is shown that the company ' s main product, protein and monocrystal batches, were almost equal to last year.2 The product lines: the abundance of the product lines determines the rate of gross domestic product, the greater the number of products, the greater the cost-sharing, the higher the rate of individual varieties of Maori, with only six of the company ' s batches issued in 2018, and the bulk of the bulk of the issuances being made
Protein and silt, which are the reasons why the company has a significantly lower rate of blood-rich Maori than the rest of its peers. Shanghai's application for a supplement to the blood-celebrosis factor viii has been approved and is expected to be re-produced this year, with fibrous proteins, human condensation enzyme compounds, and serenity as distinct from the general public's perception.
Companies: Weaknesses of blood, etc. The future has come. Prior to the reorganization of assets, the company ' s profit-earning class of vaccines had been significantly delayed, the company ' s ton magma market had been at a lower position than it had been in the industry, and the reorganization had become a pure blood industry with the largest number of slurry stations, the largest total slurry in the country, the largest product-based industry, and the basics were already in place.
Industry: De-stocking is just a throes, and has passed. The two-vote channel to stock is nearing completion by the end of 2018, the logic of investment in the blood industry remains unchanged, resource attributes are clear, entry barriers are high, and supply and demand are far from even.
The company was granted a new slurry station in excess of expectations, and bloodlines continued to expand. Internal asset restructuring continued, with listed companies acquiring the remaining minority shareholders’ rights and completing the whole of the blood system.
I. The birth of the blood industry, the re-establishment of its value, i.e. (i) the consolidation of the assets and operations of the group and the listed company has been completed in two steps.
Sales, generally low prices for vaccine varieties, low profits and a drag on the overall profits of listed companies. In 2017, in order to meet the commitment to resolve competition between listed companies and firms with controlling shareholders, the company and controlling shareholders started an internal reorganization transaction: to put out all vaccine operations of listed companies, to include blood-dry assets under the flag of the controlling shareholders, and to get on top of it.
The company transfers Utsumi (100% shareholding) and Changchun (51% shareholding) from the subsidiary operating in the vaccine business to the controlling shareholder.
The first deal was completed in May 2017, when the company withdrew completely from the hold of 80% of the stockholdings in the Guizhou province (an additional 20% of the minority shareholder rights in the national drug Guangdong ring were acquired in October 2018) and the first deal was completed in May 2017.
The company’s performance in the vaccine business has become a blood-promoting professional company that addresses the issue of competition for vaccines. On the basis of the first step, the second step is to deal with blood-coupling competition, and the listed company buys 10% of the shares of its subsidiaries at a price of around $620 million in cash from the Chinese shares, which is issued by Chengdu Yong-seong as the subject of a blood-promotion operation.
After the month's completion of the delivery, the listed company Tianjin Bing held 69.47 per cent of the shares, Shanghai Institute, Wuhan Institute and Land State held 11.27 per cent, 12.64 per cent and 6.63 per cent of the shares, respectively, and all the blood industry under the Sino-Sung flag were placed under the flag of the listed company's controlled subsidiary Cheng Ding Bing.
The major asset reorganization business between the company and the controlling shareholder is very well conceived and, with the exception of the sale of vaccine assets, the acquisition of blood-based operations is at the level of the Chengdujongjong subsidiary and does not involve the payment of cash or shares at the level of the listed company, which can simplify the regulatory approval process (which requires the controlled drug group to pass, but does not require a CVM audit), but it is not possible at the same time.
It is denied that, after the completion of the major asset restructuring described above, the relationship between listed companies and Chengdu Yong-sung ' s equity control is still more complex and hierarchical, and that listed companies have a greater preference for holding platforms, while the three main shares of blood-based assets are non-listed Chengdu-sung shares. We expect that the third step in the future will not be ruled out, with listed companies making cash or issuing shares.
The remaining 30 per cent of the minority shareholders acquired from the three major companies, with 100 per cent full equity control, and the shareholders ' interests (ii) internal integration of the blood-based operations of listed companies, with 1+1>2 effects waiting for market awareness.
The assets of the blood industry are mainly Chengdu, under the umbrella of four major blood companies in Shanghai, Wuhan, Lang, and Guizhou. The company’s original blood industry and the new four blood systems are both overlapping and complementary in terms of production, research, and development, and are fully complementary in terms of capacity allocation and slurry station setting.
1. Varieties complement each other: the blood products are the largest in the country, the immune protein product lines are the richest in the country, and the international blood giants are able to extract more than 20 blood products from the plasma. We currently have a maximum of 12 species from the blood products industry, and there is room for further upgrading of plasma utilization.
The reorganization of 10 blood products such as haemoglobin, statnium, human clot viii, which added rabies immunoglobin and human collage compound, became one of the most abundant blood-based enterprises in the country. The company has the country’s richest immune protein line, with a total of static human immunoglobin (ph4) (freezing).
Striking human immunoglobin (ph4), human immunoglobin, tetanus human immunoglobin, hepatitis B human immunoprophylaxis, coupled with research on giant cell viral human immunoglobin, further consolidates the company’s competitive advantage in the field of anti-polar protein.
Because the levels of various protein components in plasma are generally stable, the rate of acquisition, although nuanced, is not sufficient to affect cost sharing, the higher the variety of products extracted from plasma, the higher the value of production, and the smaller the individual product share. The distribution of profits among the international blood products giants shows that human blood proteins, stubs and clot viii are generally constructed.
The base profits of blood-based enterprises, while higher value-added products such as clots v, xii and protein c are overprofits, the richer the blood-based product lines, the lower the cost of integration, and the more profitable the relative complementarities of the slurry station resources: the largest number of slurry stations in the country and the more resilient to events similar to those in Guizhou.
After completing the two-step reorganization of operations, the number of slurry stations increased significantly from the original 18 slurry stations to 57 slurry stations, with 49 slurry stations (new Yunnan slurry houses and search slurry stations licensed) and 10 new slurry stations issued in the last two years (2017-2018); the slurry slurry station resources were also more widely distributed, with 18 slurry stations in Chengdu distributed in Sichuan, Shanxi, Shanxi, Shandu, Shanjian, Shanjian, Shanjian, Shanjian, Shanjian, Shanjian, Shanjian, Sluxeng.
Three provinces in Shandong, the vast majority of which are located in Sichuan 14, Shanxi 3 and Shandong 1 with four large blood assets, have been expanded to cover the provinces of Kawa, Jin, Lu, Su, O, Guan, Jin, Jin, Tan, Chen, Chen, Yi, Fi, Joan, Gwan, Ning 13 provinces/autonomous regions.
In addition to the introduction of a receipt and inspection system in the United States, we have a pre-licensing and acceptance approval system for the slurry station, which is planned to be built in Yunnan Province from 2018 to 2022, and which has now been approved for the construction of a total of 10 single-slamp plasma stations in Yunnan Province.
The same slurry area is strictly limited to one slurry station (with the exception of a substation in the same company), which means that the pre-entry takes exclusive advantage of the local slurry resources. The larger the number of slurry stations, the wider the distribution, the greater the locking on the slurry resources, and the greater the resilience against 11 years of black swans similar to your state's shutdown.
Research and development (R & D), production complementarities, avoids duplication of resources, R & D, reduces duplication of R & D inputs. When four blood-based assets are absorbed, the company ' s internal products complement each other and avoid duplication, R & D waste, and companies integrate internal and external resources, set up R & D centres, adopt a centralized R & D model, and adopt a professional approach.
Measures such as chemical management, shared virus removal/extermination technology platforms, testing technology platforms, shared registrations, and clinical teams, reduce duplication of research and development inputs and maximize integration advantages. In production, intra-smolar transfers are approved to increase plasma and capacity utilization.
There's a certain mismatch between the plasma processing capacity and the ability to extract it, but the blood processing capacity is saturated, while the Wuhan blood system and the Lanzhou blood production capacity are idle, and the company's application for the distribution of the blood plasma of Chengdu to the Wuhan blood system and the Lanzhou blood system has been approved and will remain valid until 31 December 2021.
In addition, the company is working on a project to build a permanent blood system, expand its blood concentration capacity, and integrate its subsidiary production resources. At present, a total of 1.45 billion yuan has been invested in a project to build a permanent blood system in Chengdu.
Construction started in the year, completed in 2022. (iii) The market value of the company’s ton magma is extremely low, the value of which is re-established as the largest blood-based enterprise in the country, with slurry at a slurry station under the company’s flag in 2017 exceeding 1400 tons.
By the end of the year, the company had a total of 57 slurry stations, 49 of which were in battalion, and two additional slurry stations, which were operational in 2017, with a slurry rate of over 1,500 tons.
The company is one of the lowest-valued blood-based companies in the country, calculated on the basis of annual slurry harvests in 2017 (a total of about $30 million on average in the industry). The company currently has a lower market value, partly because of the low profitability of the remaining four blood-based companies under the flag, apart from Chengdu, and the fact that the company has just completed the merger of the four blood-based companies mentioned above.
Internal integration is still in progress, and the 1+1>2 effect is yet to be released, and we expect that with internal integration and efficiency gains, the market value of the company’s ton magma will be expected to return to the industry’s average level and the value will be restored. We measure that, without considering future slurry growth, only internal efficiency gains will bring back the market value of the ton magma, which is the market value of the company.
Nearly 50% of the potential rise in space. Second, the number of new slurry stations is highest, and the capacity of slurry stations to improve in the future is high. (i) The resources are the king, with the largest number of new slurry stations and new productive slurry stations in the last two years.
2012 Ministry of Health Circular on matters related to the management of single plasma stations (Medical Development (2012)), seeking applications for new single plasma stations from blood-producing enterprises with no fewer than six species of blood products registered (no fewer than five types of blood-producing enterprises with a national immunization mandate) and also containing human blood protein
In 2016, the Commission issued its Opinions on the Promotion of the Healthy Development of Single Blood Prophylactic Stations, strictly approving the installation of new single plasma stations, in line with the principle of tilting the production of blood products to enterprises with high R & D capabilities, high levels of combined plasma use, and regulation of single blood plasma station management.
In applying for a new single plasma station, blood-producing companies are required to submit valid pharmaceutical registration and certification materials. Therefore, the difficulty of creating a single plasma station will increase significantly in the future.
There are more than 50% of the slurry stations, and the industry is relatively concentrated. The distribution of the main companies in the industry is somewhat geographical, such as Shanghai, where Les slurry stations are concentrated mainly in Anhui, Guangxi, and so on; Chinese biology is concentrated in Chongqing and Henan; Guangdong Danxia slurry stations are concentrated in Guangdong and others; Boya life is concentrated in Jiangxi.
In Sichuan, at the end of 2017, the Shanghai blood system was approved in Yunnan by two new slurry stations (the search for a dynasty) and the first was approved by the Yunnan slurry station. In recent years, the blood industry has been actively seeking approval for new slurry stations under the expectation of price increases, as well as for other parts of the country.
In 2016-2017, the number of new slurry stations in the country rose by about 10 per cent annually. Ten new slurry stations (including substations) have been established for nearly two years (2017-2018).
Industry peers (Wallan Biology 1, Shanghai Lace 3, Boya Organism 2, Revitalization Biochemistry 2, PV0), who have been awarded berries, have obtained three certified new slurry stations, with the largest number of new slurry stations and delivery stations, accounting for about 30% of new slurry stations throughout the industry in the last two years. New slurry stations are generally required to operate from approval until they are finally licensed for slendering.
For 10 to 12 months, the new slurry station will need to be cultivated for 2-3 years to reach the size of the designed slurry, and we expect that the company will not be able to dig the slurry capacity of the original slurry station over the next few years, and that the total annual slurry volume of the company will continue (ii) the size of the original slurry station will be enormous.
In 2016, before the reorganization of assets, 18 of the original 18 slurry stations had achieved 683 tons of slurry and an average of 36 tons of slurry per year, higher than the average 30 tons per year of slurry capacity of the industrial slurry stations. Shanghai blood system, the average unit slurch capacity of the Wuhan blood station was around 22 tons, Lanzhou blood system and Guizhou blood station.
The slurry capacity is even weaker, with an average of only 12 tons, which is significantly lower than the industry average. With the reorganization of assets, companies have deployed experienced blood-source management and development teams to subsidiaries such as Mid-Thai in Guizhou to optimize slurry management teams, bringing the average slurry level of all company slurry stations to near the industry average in 2017, reaching 29.8.
Figure 12: Company-wide average slurry at the slurry station (tons) III. Temporary concentration of human blood protein and immunoglobin in products, and greater potential for increased plasma utilization of raw materials
(i) Batch issuance temporarily concentrated on human blood proteins and immunoproteins, based on disclosed data on blood product batch issuances for the whole year 2018, the company (including Chengdu Yongsheng and Four Blood Systems) is currently issuing batches focused on six varieties of human blood protein and immunoglobin, with human blood proteins and sedentary seals.
Human blood protein (10g specification): The total annual amount of human blood protein issued is 43.7 million bottles, an increase of about 10.88 per cent over 2017, mainly imports.
The expansion is evident in the 25.7 million bottles of protein imported, an increase of about 18% compared to the previous year, and stable production by domestic enterprises, with about 1.7915 million bottles, with the share of national production falling to about 41%. The total number of 33.26 million bottles issued by the Tienna organisms (including the original Doroon + the Guizhou blood system + the Han blood system + the Shanghai blood system + the Land blood system) is essentially the same as in 2017.
Issuance of the fifth in the industry and the first in the national industry, accounting for about 18.6 per cent of the total number of corporate releases of proteins in the country.
The total number of Stagnos (ph4.0) (standardized 2.5g specifications) issued was 9632,000 bottles for the year, with a negative increase of about 9.5 per cent for the same year and 2.495 million for the same year, an increase of about 3.8 per cent over the previous year (in 2017, there was insufficient education among physicians in the country and only 1/15 per person in use in the United States, and there is much room for improvement in the future: in addition,
Stereo and the three major exemptions are immunoprotein, where inter-protein yields have a plywood effect, and companies can pre-organize immunoproteins according to market demand and allocate follow-up to the production of immunoprotein products; in recent years, with the rise of the pet economy, the demand for rabies for emergency immunoprophylaxis has been relatively rigid and has been produced in recent years.
There was a significant increase in issuances, as well as in the batches of tetanus and hepatitis B, where approximately 646.7 million bottles of biorabies, 8.0 per cent of the city, 320,000 bottles of tetanus, 10.7 per cent of the city, and 147,000 bottles of hepatitis B, or 6.1 per cent of the city, were issued.
In addition, a small amount of frozen dry static (ph4.0) has been produced. (ii) The variety of products has been gradually expanded, the use of raw plasma has increased space space-based organisms with 12 blood products, and the company actually produced 6 of them last year, mainly human haemoglobin.
The more diverse the species are produced, the more the plasma is used, the less the cost of equalizing it to each species, the higher the corresponding Māori level, and the higher the profit level. In the last three quarters, Māori sales were 48.27%, compared to the company Hualan (blood division), Shanghai Lax, and Thai organisms, which were issued in 2018.
Nine, seven, and eight, respectively, with a breakdown covering the three main groups of protein, immunoglobin, and condensed blood products, with a Māori rate of 61.28%, 66.44%, and 68.56% respectively, and a significantly lower Māori rate for corporate blood operations than for comparable companies.
By the end of the year, through the cfda review centre and the drug clearance and inspection centre, a "Batch of Applications for Supplemental Medicines" issued by the National Drug Surveillance Authority was obtained, and the Shanghai blood-celebratory blood factor viii product is expected to be re-produced this year. Chengdu Yongsheng’s blood plasma has been released to Wuhan and Lanzhou, and production tensions have been reduced and more productive capacity is expected to be released.
Also, in January this year, Chengdu Yongsheng was given a copy of the rabies patient immunoglobin drug, which is currently being certified as gmp, and is expected to be produced in the second half of the year: fibrous proteins, human coagulation enzymes, original compounds and static cellular viral human immunoglobin (ph4) are undergoing clinical trials and autonomous genetic development.
The recombinant human condensation factor has been included in the list of priority reviews in the Clinical Trials of Drugs. As the varieties are gradually approved for listing, the company’s product lines are enriched, the use of raw blood is increasing, and the company’s Māori rate is expected to increase gradually.
(i) The industry is temporarily back on track, without prejudice to the logic of investment in the blood industry;
We believe that the basic investment logic of the blood industry has not changed, that barriers to entry remain high in the industry, that import bans for blood products (other than proteins) are difficult to change in the long term, and that the attribution of domestic slurry resources determines the limited supply.
Article XI of the single plasma station management scheme issued by the Ministry of Health stipulates that the single plasma station management scheme for 2012 will be further tightened and will be completed in 2012 if there are fewer than six blood products registered by the blood products production unit, and if there are fewer than five blood products produced by the national immunization programme, no approval will be granted for the new slurry station.
On the basis of the number of sufficient species, the requirement is to include both human blood protein, human immunoglobin and human condensation factors. In 2016, the Commission issued its Opinions on Promoting the Healthy Development of Single Blood Pulse Stations.
In recent years, only a series of blood-condensation batches have been issued, and less than 10 blood-producing enterprises in the industry have been listed, with the vast majority of blood-producing companies listed.
Industry has lost the capacity of the new magma because of policy restrictions. Import ban on blood products: for reasons of a strategy of safe blood transfusion, who advocated “the self-sufficiency of the blood products of the nations”, our country has banned the import of blood-sourced human blood products (except protein) since 1985 and the 2016 WPC.
The Opinion on the Promotion of the Healthy Development of Single Pulse Stations also clearly states that the import of blood-based plasma is prohibited in enterprises producing blood products. We believe that, not only will the import policy of raw materials and blood products be relaxed as the volume of domestic plasma is increased, but there is a risk of further tightening (e.g. raising the quality standards of protein imports or gradually restricting imports)
The propensity of the slurry station resources remains unchanged: the amount of slurry determines the supply of blood products, the source of slurry and the resource properties of the slurry station are obvious and cannot be quickly released for a short period of time; in addition, the current pattern of the blood industry has evolved into an oligopoly pattern dominated by corporate, Shanghai Lacey, Warland and Thai organisms, with nearly 60 per cent of the cr4 slurry, which is ahead of the company ' s total annual slurry.
(ii) Industry goes to the end of the stock, and we believe that the blood industry goes to the end of the stock, that industry leads the way, and that we take into account industry developments on the demand side, on the supply side and on the channel side, respectively, on the basis of the following basic findings.
Demand end: According to data on the use of blood products in the pdb sample terminal hospital, since 2012 the demand for blood-distribution varieties has continued to rise in most parts of the country. Upstream storage does not affect the demand for the terminal hospital, even if it can be imported, the use of the terminal hospital is high, and during the peak stocking period.
207q1-2018q1, although the rate of increase has declined, usage has remained at historical high levels for many years, with no indication of a significant contraction or decline in demand: the rate of use of the Static C sample terminal has risen from 2018q1 to about 10 per cent; and the demand for three special exemptions (rabies, tetanus and hepatitis B) continues to be high.
In comparison with developed countries abroad, the per capita use of blood products is still far from saturated. If the total annual endorsement of protein amounts to about 40 million bottles (10g specification), the equivalent annual average consumption of protein is 0.29g left, compared to the average annual consumption of protein in developed countries.
Right (based on 1,375 million people), well below per capita US usage (0.5 g/person.year), and the difference between immunoglobin and condensation blood product use is even greater, with immunoglobin only 1/15 in the United States and condensed blood only 1/40 in Europe and the United States.
In addition, potential needs have accumulated, with the latest edition of the National Health Insurance Directory 2017 increasing the coverage of blood products and the range of adaptive products, such as human haemoglobin and human cholesterase compound, increasing the coverage of the types of diseases covered by health insurance; and the expansion of immunoglobin (ph4) beyond the limits of children to the whole age group and the expansion of occupational injury insurance.
Another significant increase in the potential demand for protein is the replacement use of hydroxyethyl starch, and the European drug alert risk assessment committee (prac) issued a recommendation in January this year to restrict the use of hydroxyacetic starch, which is still widely used in the country and which, according to Insight data, has been sold in recent years for about $700 million a month at the hospital for samples of hydroxyethyl starch.
If we put up a large amount of 6-7 times the price of hydroxyacetic starch in health care facilities across the country, and if we follow restrictions on the use of hydroxyethyl starch, we will create a huge alternative space for protein. Supply end: upstream slurry end, around 8,000 tons of national slurry in 2017, compound increase in 2011-2017.
(cagr) About 13.0 per cent. With the gradual development of slurryable areas, we expect to maintain a growth rate of about 10 per cent per year of total national slurry in the future, with no change in existing slurry policies (e.g. slurry station set-up, contribution slurry manager management, slurry spacing, single slurry, etc.).
Ten thousand bottles (with slight variations in product specification factors, possibly the same) increased by 10.88 per cent over the previous year, 930,000 via Silicon (2.5g specification), slightly down by 9.5 per cent, with special exemptions and high growth in condensed blood, commensurate with the demand for various product varieties, with rabies immunoglobin growth, mainly driven by the economic needs of pets in recent years, and the priority given to cat-dogs after bites
It is recommended that rabies should be injected with rabies, followed by rabies, passive immunization and active vaccine protection combined. The supply should be limited by the total amount of slurry and the rate of increase, which is not likely to increase significantly.
It's a business agent that runs the importer's hemoglobin fluid and injects sodium sulfon products, which is an international blood-promotion giant, Oktma, in more than 20 provinces and cities across the country.
The price of most medicines, including blood products, has been fully liberalized, blood products such as proteins have been on the rise, traders have imported proteins in large quantities; starting in the second half of 2016, there has been a steady increase in the stock of Phenomenon medicines and proteins in 2017, as small and medium-sized distributors have concentrated on stock-stuffing channels, and large-scale primary traders such as Heroin medicines have been poorly sold and sold in the same amount.
The decline was over 20 per cent, stock levels deteriorated sharply, with a net increase of 200 million yuan in late 2017, stock levels exceeding 50 per cent of the total sales of protein in that year, sales of 2018h1 resumed, stocks declined by 116 million yuan and stocks improved significantly.
In addition, in the case of domestic production enterprises, the stock end, for example, with the Wallang Biology (inconsistent data on the reassembly of planetary biological assets), in 2015 the stock of commodities (dismantling of plasma raw materials, post-production stocks) was only $93 million, at a monthly average of $120 million, and the stock could be sold for less than one month (about 20 days), roughly equivalent to a zero bank.
The remaining sellers ' market began to rise rapidly from the second half of 2016, with a continuous decline in the stock of 20171 stock, which fell to a low level of 1.3 months for sale, showing that the terminal hospital maintained a steady supply of demand digestive channels and that the enterprise stock was nearing its end.
Figure 29: Improved biodiversity levels in Wayland V. Profit forecasting and investment ratings (i) Key profit assumptions
1. On raw plasma, we are concerned with two “mass”: slurry and slurry. The total slurry volume is about 1400 tons, with 47 slurry stations having an average annual slurry of 29.8 tons; the company has been approved for the last two years and we expect the slurry stations to be 49, 56 and 58, respectively, with an average annual slurry of 32, 31 and 33 tons at the slurry stations.
In 2019, the number of new slurry stations was higher and in part substations slightly affected the average amount of slurry at the slurry station during the year. Slipped volume: the amount of slurry determined the issuance of the company’s final product production, the amount of blood-slurch processing capacity was largely saturated, the blood plasma was transferred to the Wuhan blood system and to the Lanzhou blood system only at the end of November, and the amount of slurry to the company as a whole in 2018 was not distributed.
The impact will be positive for the period from 2019 to 2020, with a build-up of blood industry channels to stocks in 2018, and we expect companies to slow down slurry production (relatively rising slurry): blood product batch issuance data for the whole of 2018 further show that the company’s main product, protein and silt C-barrel, remained almost at the same level as last year.
2. Product lines: The abundance of the product lines determines the Māori rate in blood-based enterprises, the greater the number of products, the greater the cost-sharing, the higher the respective Māori rate for single varieties, and only 6 of the company ' s batches issued in 2018, and the bulk of the batches focused on proteins, proteins, and síctos, which is also the reason why the company ' s blood-rich Māori rates are significantly lower than those of other peers.
The supplementary application has been approved and is expected to be re-produced this year, and clinical trials are under way for fibrous proteins, human celebrosis complexes, and static cellular viral human immunoglobin (ph4). The company has announced a fast-track performance report for 2018, and we predict that the company will collect the same amount from 2019 to 2020.
In addition to my own company, the blood industry has listed Chinese biology, regenerative biology, luminous organisms, Shanghai Les and Boya organisms, with industry companies pe, pb and ps valued over a larger range, but with a higher ratio of Māori in blood-based operations and ton-market values, and a degree of Māori in blood-based operations representing plasma use, the higher the ratio corresponding to to tons of syrup.
The value is also higher, and the value of the corresponding ton slurry is higher. In 2019, we projected a total of about 1736 tons of slurry from the planetarium, about 1,200 tons of slurry from equity (69.47% of the stock), and about 48% of the total gross Maori rate from the blood industry, with a conservative assumption that it remains around $22 million.
For the first time, the “buy-in” rating was given to the company’s assets, which had been restructured to become a pure-blood business. Four blood-based subsidiaries were not as integrated as expected, imported protein shock prices, slurry levels were not as high as expected, and blood-based products were produced.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.