According to smm, on December 29, the price of Chinese battery-grade lithium carbonate rose at an average cost of RMB 270,000, the price of industrial lithium carbonate rose at RMB 66,000 and the price of lithium salt rose at an average price of RMB 252,000.
China’s largest potassium-magnesium salt deposits are shaped to protect the city’s rivers, and are the guarantee of China’s strategic potassium and lithium resources. \triangleright 1) More than 60 billion tons of soluble salt are stored in the Salt Lake of Charkhan, with potassium, magnesium, and lithium stocks among the highest in the world.
In 2016, the Ministry of Land and Resources for the first time included 24 minerals such as potassium and lithium in a strategic mineral catalogue, in which potassium fertilizer was linked to the country's most fundamental food security, the company had the role of ballast and stabilizer in guaranteeing the safe supply of potassium in China, while lithium, as “white oil”, was a safeguard for the future upgrading of new energy sources.
Barriers, Salt Lake shares, which are responsible for the country’s key strategic mineral supply security, are expected to be revalued by reducing dependency abroad, giving a high degree of strategic attention to salt lake lithium, which is expected to be revalued in our salt lake. This unit compares with the trend of deep 300.
China, as the world's largest consumer of lithium, has imported more than 90% of its raw materials from Australia in recent years, and the security of its lithium resources has been highlighted.
With abundant salt lake resources, there will be an opportunity to develop. 2) Price ends: the price of lithium in the medium- and long-term is either in the weather cycle, and the price of lithium is still in the upper zone, or continues throughout the next year.
The \triangleright Salt Lake shares are in the Blue Lithium Company, which has its own patented lithium adsorbent process as one of the most advanced and least costly salt lake-dithiography technologies at present. The Blue Lithium industry has already achieved a 10,000-ton annual lithium carbonate project.
We estimate that the full cost in the first three quarters of 2021 is down to about $37.7 million per day. The Blue Lithium adsorption process is mature and suitable for large-scale expansion, with companies emitting 200,000 to 300,000 tons of lcl per year of old halogen, supporting a massive expansion of future lithium production capacity.
The core investment logic: (1) the listed companies have succeeded in stripping the chemical and magnesium assets that have lost them; (2) the potassium has been fully enriched and has benefited from this round of price recovery; and (3) the blue lithium industry, once it has completed its production and is about to reach its second stage of production, is about to rise. Potassium fertilizer prices have fallen sharply; and the production of the blue lithium industry has been less advanced than expected and lithium prices have fallen sharply.
Master ' s degree from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the civil securities in 2021. Zhang Construction, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Metallurgical Engineering from Beijing University of Science and Technology, Master of Arts from the Central University of Finance and Economics, civil security securities in 2020.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,