Salt Lake shares (000792) are at the forefront of domestic salt lake resources. Three quarters are full of profit elasticity, and only three quarters are there high profit elasticities of potassium, lithium, and the company as the leader of domestic salt lake resources.
In the first three quarters, corporate revenue was reduced by the same year, mainly as a result of trade earnings and chemical sales, but 21q3 gross supported non-net gains of $1.83 billion, and we believe that profit elasticity stems mainly from: (1) potassium fertilizer prices uphill: supply and demand for potassium fertilizer, continued high viewing, and the acceleration of the domestic price of lithium chloride.
Now, between early June and July, the domestic average price of lithium chloride in q3 (60% of powder, Qinghai) was $3192/tonne, and the ring ratio was about 33% higher, so the price for profit pull began to be reflected in 21q3. (2) Lithium turnover is up: in volume terms, the yield of lithium in the Qinghai Salt Lake reached a seasonal peak of 51.42% of the company ' s production in the twenty-third quarter.
The controlled salt lake lithium platform, the annual 20,000-ton battery-grade lithium carbonate production line of the Blue Lithium industry, was officially tested in April 2021, supporting a combined annual capacity of 30,000 tons of lithium carbonate, with 16.3 million tons and 15,000 tons, respectively, in the previous three quarters, and currently 100 tons per day, which is sufficient proof of adsorption + membrane coupling technology.
In terms of prices, the price of lithium salt in the country accelerated in three quarters at an average price of 1,122,000 yuan per ton for batteries, an increase of 180 per cent and 26 per cent for the ring, while in the three quarters of 2021, the Blue Lithium industry achieved an operating income of 1,238 million yuan and a net profit of 673 million yuan based on lithium salt.
Prices are moving, and we expect that the profits of the Blue Lithium industry at 21q4 will be much better. (3) Operations and development are back on track: after stripping lost assets, refocusing operations, with the cyclical warming of the industry, the company will be reborn. By the end of 21q3, the company's monetary capital had been set at $2.07 billion by the end of last year.
Speed up the construction of the backbone of the world-class salt lake industry. The company's mining rights cover Qing Hai Qar Khan Salt Lake.
540 million tons of lithium chloride and more than 4 billion tons of magnesium chloride. The company currently has 5 million tonnes of potassium chloride per year and 30,000 tonnes of lithium carbonate per year.
The company ' s development strategy is clear: (1) Stabilization of potassium: potassium fertilizer is the foundation of the company and the source of core profits, and will stabilize the production of potassium fertilizer in the Salt Lake of Charhan (50 per cent of China ' s potassium fertilizer dependency and 64 per cent of China ' s total production capacity for chlorinated potassium) in the future, on the one hand, and will focus on increasing the value added of potassium products, on the other.
“Out of Potassium” for planning and development. (2) Expansion of lithium: adequate supply of halogen (200 million cubic metres/year) provides solid resource security (and low-cost production and expansion) for further expansion of the company's lithium operations. In addition, the company is demonstrating investment and research and development in lithium hydroxide, lithium metal and lithium magnesium alloys.
It is hoped that the lithium industry will form a cluster. (3) Building a salt lake recycling economy: promoting the development of a ladder of potassium, sodium, magnesium, lithium, and boron resources in halogen water, green and sustainable development, and improving the efficiency of integrated use of salt lake resources.
The strategic importance of the salt lake resource pipeline, with its potassium and potassium operations; our expectation that the company's 2021-Global Potassium Chloride and lithium resource production capacity will be released centrally or lead to a fall in prices;2 and that the integrated development of future salt lake resources will fall short of expectations.