Eastern wealth published its annual report for 2023. In 2023, the company achieved operating income of 11,081 million yuan, a decrease of 11.25 per cent; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was about $8,193 million, a decline in the same year.
The impact of low vulnerability and lower commission rates has led to a decline in income from the replacement of the Fund's products; companies have continued to increase their investment in the development of technology, accelerating progress in the development of the ai layout and exploring further the new model of “ai+ investment.” The Fund's sales holdings have increased in size, with a steady increase in the share of municipalities.
By the end of 2023, the Sky Fund industry had continued to strengthen, with 155 public fund managers on the line, close to 18,000 funds, non-monetary market public fund holdings of $549.6 million, equity groups affected by difficulties in issuing public fund and sales rate reforms in the bottom of the equity market environment, and company performance remained unchanged.
There are pressures, but corporate fund sales hold steady at the top three of the industry, and the effect of the El País has been highlighted, or has been delayed by, brokering and increased self-investment. As a result of a downturn in market transactions, corporate brokerage has been under pressure and securities have generated revenues of $7,194 million, a decrease of 8 per cent compared to the previous period; the revenue from fees and net interest is respectively.
20%. Benefiting from a significant increase in the returns from self-employment on a year-on-year basis, companies achieved investment returns and fair value changes by 2,225 million yuan, an increase of 99.96% from the same year. R & D costs continue to increase, and the ai layout accelerates.
Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) – Fund underwriting, buyback confidence – In this case, R & D cost 1,081 million yuan, an increase of 15.49% over the same year, and the new model of “ai+ wealth investment services” to accelerate development. The company will further strengthen its R & D technology investment around the Eastern Wealth Network.
Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) – Falling Fund Sales, Ai Explores Secondary Growth — The One-Stop Internet Wealth Management Circle is configured to reflect the strategic direction. Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) — Downward, Self-Reverse, Importing for the Long-term.
Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) - Reverse Growth of Securities Blocks, Ai Employability Employables. Internet voucher dealers, companies competing for a unique track, cost and flow advantages, and fund retention standards are industry leaders.
At the same time, while the company is exploring a new model of “ai+ investment” and maintaining a “buy-in” rating, there is a potential for expansion of the dividends of the times. Figure 1: Corporate operating income and growth (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Figure 2: Net corporate return profits and the same rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 3: Single-season operating income and the same-season rate of increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 4: Single-season net corporate return profits and rate of increase (in billions, per cent)
Figure 5: Company-owned business structures, cost and flow advantages, and fund holdings are industry leaders. In the long run, benefiting from capital reforms and the dividends of an era of wealth management, wealth sales still have potential for expansion, while firms are deeply involved
Explore a new model of “ai+in” and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party’s approval or influence; authors have not studied it in the past, now or in the future.