Events: Eastern wealth published in 2023 and company 2023 generated $11,081 million, compared to Eastern wealth (3,0059).
Wang Dynasty
There has been a marked increase in the share of brokerage, market participation and self-employment, which has contributed to the return on investment. The returns on self-employment have increased significantly since \triangleright.
On that date, the company disclosed a notice that it had adjusted the use of the repurchase shares and cancelled them. As at the date of disclosure, the company had accumulated 71.45 million shares in a centralized bid transaction, representing 0.45 per cent of the total stock of the company, and the actual repurchases were used to write off and reduce registered capital.
The company released a stock incentive scheme (draft), the number of restricted shares to be awarded to the incentive audience, improved self-drive performance loops, brokers, blends, a total of 871 persons, including directors, senior managers and mid-level managers of the company
Incentives are awarded to restricted stocks in a year of significant growth in self-employment, brokering, and blending operations.
A share buy-back and equity incentive to convey corporate commitment to stable equity prices and performance growth.
Model "Ideas." In 2023, the company set up Creative Digital Technologies Inc., plus cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
In January 2024, the corporate-owned Great Thoughts financial model was officially launched, with the exception of text generation, semantic understanding, knowledge question-and-answer, logical reasoning, mathematical calculations, codes.
In the case of large models organized by ICAC in China, the model was selected as “excellent examples of practice” and became the first financial sector partner of the ICST model evaluation system.
Research and development will continue to be vigorously promoted, further technological empowerment will be deepened, financial technology will be actively deployed, user demand will be actively explored, and product changes and service upgrades will be led. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: We believe that, as capital market investment end-of-end reforms are under way, public investment will continue to grow.
The \triangleright division is expected to benefit from the growth of equity and institutionalization in the management of the population’s wealth, and the long-term increase in the size of the wealth management track.
In addition, we believe that companies will take advantage of self-employment, \triangleright self-employment for profit fluctuations; fund replacement rates will fall short of expectations; customer risk preferences will decline, etc.
Specialized in finance, former Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Industry, and former General Manager of the Yonghai Leasing Operations Department, formerly employed in China-China Portfolio Portfolio, Huatuan Securities. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019.
In August 2022, he joined the Sunda Securities Centre for Research in the non-banking financial sector. Zhang Kaijing, Master ' s degree in economics, Wuhan University, Master ' s degree in actuarial sciences, Boston University, four years of experience in the actuarials sector, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the non-bank financial sector.
Li Ying, Master of Arts, Master of the National University of Singapore, Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, and a pilot course in financial science.
In November 2022, he joined the CVM to carry out banking research. Part of it is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.