Eastern Wealth (300059). Multiple factors pressure performance, active exploration of large model applications. Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) Annual Report 2023.
In 2023, the company insisted on focusing on the needs of its users, resisting external pressure, maintaining strategic stability, a total equity share (millions of shares):
Focused on strengthening internal operations management, promoting efficiency gains and working towards sustainable market value (million yuan): Portfolio services achieved revenue of $7,194 million, a decrease of 8.44 per cent compared to the previous year; and financial e-commerce services achieved
Revenues and fair value changes (not included in total operating income) amounted to $2.236 billion, an increase of 100.31 per cent over the same year.
In 2023, companies consolidated their R & D efforts to strengthen their R & D capacities, with a focus on building the capacity of ai, and actively explored large models for the application of the R & D technologies in various financial scenarios, further consolidating their R & D technological advantages.
The Division's autonomous “Ideas” financial model officially opened internal measurements, and, thanks to data characteristics and arithmetic advantages, the “Ideas” financial model, which focused on the continued optimization of the financial vertical capacity of the core financial scene, was organized in 2023 and a half.
Annual Report Review: Increased Share in Brokering, Increased Input of Artificial Intelligence into the Company’s Product Ecology. During the reporting period, the Big Thought Model was organized in China by the IBC Institute to organize a large model of case evaluation that received an evaluation of “excellent practice” and became the China IBC Model of “Front Up”
The first and only financial sector partner of the system, the National Dollar Securities Corporation, 300059.sz 2022, was also reported by the China Union for the Development of Artificial Industries and the first quarter of 2023: Multiple factors for performance.
In August 2023, based on confidence in the future prospects of the company and recognition of its long-term value, the company's share buy-back programme, the cancellation and reduction of the company's registered capital, and its long-term development confidence, the company's long-term value-added and its long-term value-added.
In order to safeguard the interests of a wide range of shareholders and enhance investor confidence, the company has introduced a stock buy-back programme, which is intended to enable the army division to complete the stock buy-back, with a cumulative buy-back value of nearly $1 billion.
Confidence, following the concept of “investor-oriented” listed companies and paying back investors, directors meet to adjust all repurchases to write off and reduce the company’s registered capital. Companies are the scarcer Internet service platforms in the country, accompanied by healthy development of China’s capital markets.
Business growth space and continued growth of corporate business, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Risks of industries and operations affected by the volatility of capital markets; Internet information transmission and trading systems. Risks of safe operation: risks of increased industry competition: macroeconomic and industrial policy risks:
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.