The three main lines of collaborative development are expected to grow faster, and the advantages of the two main platforms are divided into park development and operation, community development and transport.
The growth in business performance since the company was listed, with the company ' s current total assets amounting to $331.7 billion, its operations covering 50 cities, and its land reserves exceeding 30 million square metres. The desired growth in performance since the company was listed has been overtaken by events.
The sales increase is ideal. The 17-year increase in contracted sales is 20.98 per cent over the same period; the three main operations are coordinated to enhance corporate competitiveness.
While the proportion of corporate community development and operations as a percentage of total revenue will continue to be high over the next few years, the proportion of park development and operation, and of cruise ship operations, will continue to increase significantly, contributing to company performance, and helping companies continue to grow rapidly.
In 17 years, the company’s board of directors adopted the Project and Investment Management System, which has now officially implemented projects and investments. In conjunction with the previous employee-holding and equity incentive schemes, the company has developed a comprehensive and structured incentive mechanism to stimulate team activity.
And creativity. The price of corporate equity incentives is only about 18 per cent below the current price discount; the cost of employee holdings is equal to the company’s current share price. Corporate stock prices have a constant upward trend.
The unique advantages of the two main platforms of the real estate and snake-port industrial zones, which form three business panels that work in synergy. At the same time, the advantage of competing for access to resources and the cost of finance, backed by the high-quality resource endowments of major shareholders, is highlighted.
The company’s value will be raised. Work and efficiency will be enhanced through equity incentives, employee ownership, and follow-on investment; the company’s continued rapid growth is expected.
The commercial snakes were created in 1979. The Shenzhen snake pocket, built and developed 38 years ago, was the source of China’s reform and opening up, making an important historical contribution to China’s economic development, incubating and nurturing commercial banking, safe insurance, and China’s development.
By the end of 2015, the company brought together the unique advantages of the two main platforms of the former recruiting estates and the snakes industry, with the aim of creating smart cities, smart business circles, smart parks, intelligent communities, and promoting urban upgrading. The company divided its operations into park development and operation, community opening.
The company actually controls a group of firms that engages in business, directly and indirectly holding shares of 71.69%, and the equity structure is stable. Since it was listed, the business performance of the merchant snakes has increased in a cross-cutting manner, and it has been at the pre-Hing Shenzhen Sea Snake Port from the Trade Zone and the Prince's Bay Post.
Major projects such as Wheel Mother Port, Shenzhen International Fair Centre Phase, Hubei Xingchun Industrial Park, and major breakthroughs in areas such as productive interactions, production networks, etc., more than 200 square metres, more than 13 million square metres are under construction and more than 21,000 people are employed.
The company continues to grow faster, creating value for shareholders that is expected. 2. The ideal growth in performance since the company was listed has been matched by the desired growth in performance and sales since the company became listed at the end of the 15th year.
Corporate performance grew at a rapid rate of 63.573 billion operating income for the year, an increase of 29.15 per cent over the year, and net return returns of 95.81 billion, a significant increase of 97.54 per cent over the same year. The overall available resources were abundant. At the end of the three season, the company had $81.04 billion in advance receipts, with a high level of performance security.
In 17 years, the company's total settlement revenue is forecast to be 75.5 billion, an increase of 18.82 per cent over the same period; the net profit from the return of mothers is $12.2 billion, and we believe that the company is now able to make up enough of the available resources and that in the process of future industrial concentration, the company retains its competitive advantage by using the high-quality resource endowments of the Chamber's Group and the company's own excellent operating power.
Continued improvement in sales and performance, creating value for shareholders, is expected. Figure 1: Growth in net corporate revenue. 3. Co-development of three major operations to enhance corporate competitiveness
The business of the company is divided into three main sectors, namely, community operations, park operations, and cruises. Its three business segments are coordinated, mutually reinforcing, and provide economic benefits at different stages. In the short term, the development and sale of the community block is still the backbone of the company’s profits.
The value of residential products will also be effectively enhanced by competing land reserves, the accumulation of park industries and the improvement of infrastructure. The Department's pre-positioned cruise ship operation will help the company to create a distinctive cruise mother port and enhance its ability to access the urban complex, and to reserve high-quality land resources for the community block. Over the long term, collaborative development and cross-practice of the three main sections will generate incentives.
By comparison, community development and operations account for the bulk of the company’s revenues for 15 and 16 years, not 85.18 and 88.31 per cent of the total, while park development and operations account for 15 and 16 years of the total.
While the share of sector development and operations in total revenue continues to be high, the ratio of park development to operation and cruise operation will continue to increase significantly, contributing to company performance and contributing to the rapid growth of the company.
In the area of community development and operations, the company focuses on providing home-based housing to family clients, and now has over 200 development projects in nearly 50 cities and cities and overseas areas, such as Hong Kong and New Zealand.
At the same time that the focus is on the development of excellent housing and community operations and the development of experiential complexes, the company is also focusing on the development of products for healthy estates, medical properties and tourist properties, and, in due course, is expanding overseas in search of potential growth points in the size and profitability of the company. The capacity of the corporate community to develop and operate continues to improve.
3. Development project layout 3.2 Campus development and operation operations, companies ranging from thematic parks to niche industries, to eco-species, and industry empowerment
The country's first outward-oriented economic development zone, the snake-port industrial zone, is being developed. Over 30 years, the Department, as a self-financing enterprise, has developed, built, operated, managed a relatively independent urban area, accumulated a wealth of experience in urban development and operation, and developed a model of land development and operation that is unique to business contacts.
The company has been working on upgrading and upgrading the snake-based model and developing and operating the thematic niches in several cities, including Guangzhou, Chongqing, Qingdao, and Jiangjiang. The company actively replicates the snake-gate model.
The company’s park products include new industrial cities, industrial parks, industrial support, and industrial incubation. The new industrial city is one of the most important routes to engage local firms or governments, based on “the back of the former Hong Kong Central District.”
In addition, the company has more than a dozen new priority industries throughout the country.
With regard to industrial parks, the company has set up the Seriguchi Valley, the South China Sea Yiku, the Shenzhen Tcl International e City, the Guangzhou Golden Valley, the Guangzhou Qinghua Science and Technology Park, the Chongqing Hill Science and Technology City, the Qingjiang Village Science and Technology City, the Qingdao City of Qingjia City, the Qingjia Community of Qingjia, and the Nanjing International e City.
In terms of industrial support and incubation, it includes the design of interconnectivity, the Merchant Health Center, the Golitsegang International Rehabilitation Centre, the Guangzhou Hongshu House, the International Medical Image Centre, the public sector, and substantial progress in land preparation and government collaboration in the former Shenzhen Sea Area.
The joint venture of the former Ocean Development Investment Holdings Ltd., which is part of the Authority, has a 50:50 equity ratio - Shenzhen City, former Sea Snakesport Self-Trade Investment Development Co. Ltd. - to lead the development of the former Sea Mother Bay area. On Prince Bay, the Department has successfully brought together prominent commercial property partners to develop commercial property projects in the Prince Bay area, with the help of partners.
A wealth of experience and good branding effects in the management of commercial real estate operations have increased the value of the Prince's Bay area.
As cruise travel continues to expand, the country has become the most dynamic and largest cruise market in the Asia-Pacific region. China’s cruise market continued to grow rapidly in 2016, with a cumulative 938 cruises hosted by the national cruise docks throughout the year, an increase of 49% compared to the 49%; and the cumulative traffic of 4.39 million passengers by incoming and outgoing cruise ships, an increase of 77% compared to the 77%.
The merchant snakes plan to organize a web-based layout and business model replication in the country’s cruise ports, with integrated “ships, ports, cities, cruises, purchases, entertainment” management, and the construction of high-end tourist uniforms for tourist estates, the mother-port economy, and the cruise industry.
The company is currently in the process of completing the layout of the cruise mother port in the coastal cities of Shenzhen, Xiamen, Qingdao and Shanghai:
The construction of the company's cruise board and the operation of the Viper-based Prince's Bay cruise port, using the development strategy of a port-plus ship-based development strategy, are building the whole chain of cruise ships through port-based, ship-based linkages and facilitating the landing of the 4.0 model of the cruise port. Sixteen years ago, the Prince's Bay area of 9.4 square kilometres was approved for the establishment of the China cruise tourism development pilot area.
In 17 years, the Shenzhen City Department of Arts and Tourism joined forces to recruit a merchant snake to host the Shenzhen cruise carnival to foster the customs of the Shenzhen market. Meanwhile, the company led the establishment of the Shenzhen cruise tour union to explore new sales models.
The 17-year-old Prince Shenzhen Bay postal port receives many international cruise ships, such as the Virgin Star, Silver Shadow, Oceanic Navigator, Atlantic, Cloudtop Dream.
The company’s early deployment of the cruise liner business, based on the strong background of the major shareholders, pre-empted the location of important ports in the country. The partnership between the cruise line and the two remaining operations has developed, and is gradually becoming a new profit-making contribution point that is expected to raise the value of the land resource project.
Following the strategic layout of the company's company throughout the country, which is based on Hong Kong, Shenzhen, Guangdong, Shanghai, Yuan and Northeast, the company has continued to focus on the two-line core cities, actively expanding the first-line spill out of the city, the weak second-line capital and a small number of potentially three-line local municipalities, laying a solid foundation for the company's continued rapid development.
In 17 years, as of the end of December, the company had access to a total of 69 plots of land resources, with a total of nearly 10 million square metres added; the equity plan was about 5.8 million square metres; it continued to be concentrated in the area of the previous layout. The total equity land price was nearly 50 billion dollars, in sales of ideals and stock-filling belts.
At the same time, the company will continue to make progress in the preparation of land in the former sea, and will contribute significantly to the construction of key production cities such as Shenzhen Daoport, Shenzhen Prince-son Bay, and Beijing Tongzhou: active participation in the Guangdong Province’s broad strategy for the development of Luang Dong and Luang-xi, working with the Guangdong Province.
Development has made a greater contribution by seeking to become a planning participant, a development builder, a mechanism innovator, a conglomerator, and a resource integrator in the construction of the New Zone, and by fully promoting overseas development strategies, actively developing overseas parks and accelerating the “go-out” process.
In addition, the company has continued to consolidate its internal and external resources and to promote strong national alliances. In 17 years, through strategic cooperation, it has achieved an effective expansion of land resources, and the company's resistance has moved to a higher level. In March 17 years, the company signed a cooperation agreement with the Wuhan Corporation and the Green Mountain State Finance Group, which agreed to base its cooperation on the stock of land resources in Wu Gang: April with Kun.
Steel signed a strategic cooperation agreement: in September, it signed a framework agreement with the People’s Government of the South Tongang Gate District, the Treasure Steel Group, etc., on a strategy for the development of a land-developing strategy for the South Tongzhou Steel Factory. In January 18, the company signed a production-right trading contract with the East Wind Motors Group Ltd. and successfully acquired the East Wind Motors Realty Company Ltd., a fully-owned subsidiary of the East Wind Motors Group Ltd.
In the future, companies will continue to increase their efforts to access land resources through this type of means, and it is worth noting that there are 4 unsold/undeveloped projects in the east that can sell about 720,000 m2 of buildings and 23 investing real estate with about 100,000 m2.
Of these, the company’s land and property in the former sea snake trade zone is located in three main areas, namely the Serpent Zone, the Prince’s Bay Zone, and the former Seamark Area. Of these areas, 21.977 million square metres of the land resources of the snake sector: 53.28 million square metres of the Prince’s Bay Zone: 2.3768 million square metres of the former Sea Sea Zone.
In recent years, 2,675 million square metres of integrated property have been developed in the back of the ship squares, Boyo II, III and IV. The Prince's Bay area has been built to serve as an ongoing cruise centre for Prince Bay self-trade, which became operational at the end of 2016, and a headquarters business garden project for the same Prince's Bay self-trade area has been launched.
Preparations have been completed for the first phase of the construction of the former Sea Free Trade Centre, which is located in the area of the former Sea Mother's Bay area, in blocks 01 and 02, with a view to establishing a commercial, office, apartment and residential complex, to be established as the international capital for deep trade liberalization in Hong Kong and Australia.
There are policy advantages and strategic advantages. There are strong expectations for continued rapid development in the FTA. Construction projects are growing in number, and a significant increase in value is to be expected.
The company is constantly concerned about market dynamics, effectively controlling the cost of the funds while ensuring their security, and strengthening the management of the funds, at an overall cost of about 4.6%.
In the area of innovation, the innovative development center established by the company focuses on fostering innovative projects such as healthy properties, medical properties, and tourist properties, exploring business models for “development + operation + financial management” and seeking new growth points in corporate size and profitability. The company has set up a joint medical partnership platform with the Leibao Group to focus on the development of medical cooperation in the “one way” area.
The Guangzhou Golden Valley project, which combines elderly apartments and professional nursing homes, is in the advanced stages of planning, in addition to several old-age projects.
For the rental market, companies focus on the middle-to-high-end rental market in the country, covering about 500,000 square metres and 13,000 long-rented apartment products in Shenzhen, which has formed a “one-story” apartment, a “one-to-one” conservatory, and a “one-to-one” high-end service apartment.
In addition, several projects in North Kyoto, Tianjin, Wuhan, and Chongqing that transform their own property into apartments are advancing simultaneously. The company’s development goal is “China’s Chief and Senior Chief Renting Apartments” and plans to achieve a national branding over a period of three years.
Through the Project and Investment Management System, the Board of Directors of the Corporation has been formally implementing projects and investments for 17 years. By establishing long-term and robust incentive mechanisms, it will enhance the binding and motivational nature of its core workforce and continuously improve the overall efficiency of its development.
In conjunction with the previous employee holding and equity incentive schemes, the company has developed a comprehensive and tectonic incentive mechanism that stimulates team dynamism and creativity. Sixteen years have passed since the company completed the first-ever registration of the equity incentive scheme for companies, awarding a total of 252 incentives.
44076,000 stock options, with an equity price of $19.51/share. The number of participants in the company's first employee holding plan was 1403, the total share of the employee holding plan was 2.83 million, and the employee holding plan was to subscribe to the company with a private share price of $23.6/share, with a total amount of $668 million.
The price is only about 18% of the current price discount; the cost of an employee’s shareholding plan is equal to the company’s current share price. Through well-developed incentives, the company continues to grow rapidly, its value is expected to rise, and the company’s share price has a continuous upward trend.
At the end of the year, the company, which had taken the merger to market the estates, brought together the unique advantages of the two main platforms of the former commercial estates and the snake-port industrial zones, creating a pattern of synergies between the three business plates. At the same time, relying on the high-quality resource endowments of major shareholders, the competitive advantage in terms of access to resources and the cost of financing was highlighted.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a hard-working career and an independent and objective presence.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.