The Hong Kong City Convergence + Resource Grant is of high quality, waiting to be valued.
In-depth studies/real estates — low financing costs — strong resource access, leading advantage.
A large number of high-quality enterprises, such as highways, merchant banks, and securities, cut across the two main areas of finance and business, can provide stronger internal and external solidarity support for business ventures. This facilitates complementarities of resources and project resources, thereby facilitating cross-border development.
In 2017, according to our estimates, the company acquired 69 new plots of land, with an estimated additional planned area.
The pace of rapid expansion has been maintained, with nearly 1.3 million squares in the core cities of Beijing, Suzhou, Hangzhou, and Fuzhou since the beginning of the year. The company's value is sufficient to ensure that its performance increases rapidly over the next three to five years.
In the process of development, the company, based on the experience of Shenzhen, draws up a model for space development in the former port-central zone-back town.
The company is actively expanding its park and cruise operations to provide them with profitable forecasts and investment proposals for working with local governments to access quality land resources.
Merchant snakes, as first-line leaders and shareholders, have actively pursued incentive systems while having lower financing costs and greater access to resources, and have achieved rapid growth in their performance in recent years. Corporate resources are of high quality and have a large stock of good land in the heart of the second-line cities, particularly the Great Bay of China region of Hong Kong.
The three major community, park and cruise operations have developed in tandem and have great potential for future development, with a sustained and rapid increase in performance. Real estate sales have fallen short of expectations, and park and cruise operations have not developed as expected.
Industry dynamics report: Classification and regulation drives, speed increases, first, where is the advantage of commercial snakes over other real estate firms?
Billion dollars, 14 places, a slight decline from the previous ranking. So, what's the value advantage of attracting a business snake in the larger context of increased concentration? 1. Relying on major shareholders, financing costs are low and resource access is strong.
Trader Snakes (001979.sz) was founded in 1979 and its controlling shareholders were the Commissariat Group, which, as of the third quarter of 2017, held a total of 71.28% of the company's shares. According to the Commissariat Group Network, the Commissariat Group (the “Creation Bureau”) is a central and directly managed State-owned enterprise with 100% ownership by the State Council's State Finance Committee and operates its headquarters in Hong Kong.
At the end of the year, the group’s total assets were 7.3 trillion yuan, an increase of 7.8% from the same year, and ranked first among the top companies. The Group was one of the eight successful companies in the 13 consecutive years of the State Council’s performance appraisals and four consecutive terms of “good performers.”
As a controlling shareholder and actual controller of the HSBC Group, it is owned by a group of leading firms, including the HSB Port, the HSB Ship, the HSB Road, the HSB Bank, the HSB Port, the HSB Capital, and the China-China and China-China Long Shipping, and the Quang State Development Area, across the two main areas of finance and business, which can provide more coordinated support to the HSBC.
The Mission ' s efforts to promote productive convergence, create synergies through effective interaction between capital and industry, integrate intra-group and intra-firm resources, facilitate resource complementarities within the marketplace, build unique competitive advantages from the outside, enhance cooperation and mergers and acquisitions, multi-channel, large-scale business groups, and have greater national and world-wide influence and appeal, as well as external synergies at its disposal.
Figure 1: The real control of the company is vested in the State Finance Committee of the State Council (up to 2017q3) and figure 2: The Great Shareholder Recruitment Bureau Group is strong.
Figure 3: Handsome meeting of the managing director of the Chamber of Commerce Group with the Chairman-in-law, Figure 4: Recruiting the Bureau Group with its rich resources, relying on such strong corporate shareholders, the first advantage for the company is the financial advantage, as demonstrated by the fact that it is a financial advantage.
High credit rating, low financing costs, diversified financing channels. High credit rating: Bond rating and main rating rating of aaa from a firm ' s bulletin are received on a year-to-year basis.
The combined cost is only 4.50% and 4.60%, respectively, and is low even among state-led firms. Diversified financing channels: through the strong power and influence of the Hiding Bureau group, traders are integrated.
The company’s subsidiary, Ledges Ltd., issued a total of $500 million on 11 December 2013 to continuously optimize its debt structure through a combination of bank loans, Chinese votes, corporate debt, etc.
The company’s unique model of development of “former ports, central districts, and rear towns” is also based on the advantages of ports ahead, industrial parks following up, and new urban areas being developed, thus bringing about regional integration, through port, district, and city linkages.
Building a vast platform for government-driven, business-led, pooling of resources, and multiple synergies and synergies. The model of such linkages requires a combination of government, business, and other types of resources, which is clearly difficult for private enterprises and public enterprises in general to do.
In March 2017, the company signed a cooperation agreement with the Wu Gang and the Qing Mountain State Finance Group of Wuhan City, and the tripartite agreement to raise the campus on the basis of a cooperative approach based on the stock of land resources of the Gang.
(b) Strategic cooperation with Kun Gang in April: 80 per cent share in East Wind Motor Real Estate, a fully-owned subsidiary of the East Wind Motors Group Limited, late 2017: 9074.8 million yuan yuan in February 2018
On 8 May 2017, the company's wholly-owned firm, the Shanghai recruiting industry, acquired 100 per cent of the shares of companies that had been awarded after the conversion of the South China Long Wheel Housing Development Corporation, and acquired 100 per cent of the shares of companies that had previously been shipped from China and abroad.
One of the first projects to be developed in synergy with the Reorganization of Resources of the Business Bureau Group and the China-China-China-External-China-Long-Shang-Shang-Shang-Shang-Shang-Shang-Shang, the South-Tang One Project of the Long-Shang-Shang-Shang-Sang Company, is that most of the companies of the Business-Sitting Platform under the banner of the Business-Stewardship Group have a wealth of business resources or land resources, and there is much room for in-house synergy in the future.
2. Incentives are put in place and shared. Traditionally, the advantages of State enterprises are in terms of financing costs and access to resources, and the advantages of private enterprises are in terms of incentives for employees.
In addition to low financing costs and very high resource acquisition capacity, companies have combined incentives to fully mobilize their corporate motivation from management to grass-roots staff. Equity Incentives: On December 29, 2016, companies completed their first stock options.
One third of the stock options are available two years after the date of the award, and one third after three years after the date of the award.
Viable rights, one third after four years from the date of the grant and within one year from the date of the date of the granting of the right to recognize the conditions for the exercise of rights in a company ' s equity incentive scheme
Net asset rate of return (roe) on non-recurring gains and losses attributable to shareholders of listed companies in the previous full fiscal year was not less than 13 per cent, 14 per cent and 15 per cent, respectively, and not less than the three-year compound increase in net profit on non-recurring gains and losses attributable to shareholders of listed companies in the previous full fiscal year, at 75 points in the same period for the target business
The length rate is no less than 13% and is no less than the target of the group ' s rating of 75 points for the target enterprise for the full fiscal year The employee holding scheme: the shares in the first period of the company ' s employee holding scheme were acquired by means of a non-public release.
The total number of participants in the current employee holding plan is 1.403. The total share of the employee holding plan is 28,336,798.
Projects and investments: On 31 May 2017, the company’s board of directors considered and adopted the Project and Investment Management System, which became the first company to adopt a follow-up system among state-owned leading companies.