Health-care pharmaceuticals, biotech and life sciences, rare growth-logic blood industry, with clear growth paths and high certainty, have always believed that the domestic blood industry is a non-market competitive market for supply and supply.
In the event of steady growth in the end demand, the acquisition of the blood products enterprise slurry station and the management capacity of the slurry station determine its position and competitiveness. In a situation where the approval of the slurry station has become more stringent, how to compensate local governments for the wind in opening the slurry station.
The risk is not matched, increasing the capacity of the slurry station to access its resources, and challenging the boundaries of its ability to acquire blood products. In terms of its ability to acquire resources, the planetary bioeconomy has the advantage of having other blood products that are difficult to access.
The main reason for the lack of sustainable growth of blood products is that, in 3-year dimensions, existing slurry plants (including recently released slurry stations) support the company's slurry, and we believe that the three blood slurry upgrades + the recent slurry + the growth of old stations contribute nearly 550 tons for three years.
Total market value/flow (millions) Total slurry increment: 200 tons in bulk + 10 in China and Thailand + 175 tons in Wuhan + 90 tons in Shanghai + 75 tons in Lanzhou, with no greater shareholding ratio than the proposed replenishment
In the medium- and long-term, slurry is expected to result in a large number of new slurry stations in Yunnan and Gansu, and in Sichuan (the site of Chengdu) and Hubei (the site of Wuhan blood).
Once the slurry station is renewed, the slurry from the sky is growing as expected, and there is plenty of room for it. The demand from the end is not fully restored, and the same income from the slurry plant is expected to yield a large amount of new slurry in Yunnan by investing in the slurry station.
In the next three years, more magma (60,161) is expected to continue in Yunnan.
In the same way, a large number of new slurry stations are expected to be approved in Gansu region. In addition to the slurry stations in Yunnan and Gansu areas, the Sichuan and the North are expected to continue.
From a long-term perspective, the long-term competitiveness of blood products will shift from the advantage of size to the advantage of variety and academic extension. When the supply and demand of blood products are progressively balanced, the growth will be from the size of the slurry.
Increased investment in research and development, higher quality standards, more competitive and high-value-added new products, small products, will be the inevitable choice. The bio-deepness of the blood products industry will develop logic and increase the development and realization of new blood products.
The product lines are folded, and the profits from the ton slurry are raised. At present, the profits are low, at around half a million tons of biomass slurry, and the revenue from the new coagulation factor plus the slurry line increases by 57-75 million.
We expect a gradual increase in the total ton profit from the sky, which is expected to reach the highest industrial ton profit year and is expected to be reflected gradually in the profit contribution from 2024. Investment proposals: scarce, growth-logic blood industry, clear growth path, defined
High sex, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. 1, three blood systems and an increase in the slurry volume of central Thai in Guizhou, the increase in the slurry volume resulting from the growth of the newly approved slurry station, and the sustainability of the company's future approved new slurry station, the strength to sustain the company's continued expansion of its size and the strength to support the company's ability to increase its capacity.
2. Companies increase the number of new blood products and upgrade their varieties, build academic outreach teams, strengthen the competitiveness of blood products enterprises over the long term, and have clear development paths.3 Growth, as reflected in performance, shows a three-fold increase in the performance of companies in 2020-2022 and in Guizhou.
The performance is expected to increase significantly after 2022 with the expected increase in the volume of slurry and productivity and the profitability of the ton slurry; and the expected increase in 2022 with the delivery of a permanent haemorrhagic system, the release of capacity and the production of new products (celebrosis + silt cyanide).
4. From an industry perspective, it is expected that there will be a decline in overseas imports of protein in 21 years, further improvements in domestic protein supply and demand in 21 years, a steady increase in the climate, and a continued upturn in prices, with the prospect of increasing certainty and sufficiency of growth space for a ton of syrup as a source of domestic scarcity.
Logical blood companies, we maintain a “buy-in” rating. The risk of the period, the build-up of the Quality Blood System is not as fast as expected, the new slurry station is not as fast as expected, and research and development is not as fast as expected, increasing the risk of failure.
We have always thought that the domestic blood industry is a non-market competitive market, where supply and demand together influence the growth of the blood industry. In a context of steady growth in end demand, the acquisition of plasma plant resources and the management of plasma stations determine their industrial position and competitiveness.
In a situation where the approval of slurry stations is becoming more stringent, how to compensate local governments for the mismatch between the risks they face in opening slurry stations, improving their access to resources, and challenging the boundaries of the capacity of blood products enterprises, the slurry stations are of a particular nature and are generally chosen to satisfy the economy where there is a concentration of the population and low income levels.
It is particularly important to lag behind the interests of local governments, as well as the ability to engage in dialogue with governments. From investing in slurry stations, investing in factories to increase local employment and tax revenues, to compensate local governments for opening the only platform of blood companies under the umbrella of the Sino-Sino-Sinoctuary group with other blood products.
The ability to access the resources of the slurry station also has the advantage of other blood-producing enterprises. The slurry station has the capacity to acquire the resources and the amount of slurry is growing on a sustainable basis, which is the main reason why we believe that the planetarium is a scarce home-grown company with long-logic blood products.
In addition to the advantages gained by the slurry station resources, how are the slurry station management and integration management capabilities? In 2018, the biological reorganizations were completed, the acquisition of Guizhou, Shanghai blood, Wuhan blood, and Lanzhou blood, and how has it been consolidated over the past two years?
In the medium-to-long term, the competitiveness of the long-term development of blood products will be shifted from the advantage of size to the advantage of variety and academic extension. After the supply and demand of blood products are progressively balanced, growth will be driven by the size of the slurry to the quality of the species and products.
In this report, we will describe the growth logic of the planetary organisms in terms of slurry growth, efficiency enhancement, and product line-on-to-ton magnification profits. As such, they actually control the national drug group, the owners of which are Chinese, and eliminate Chinese life from companies and shareholders.
In 2017, the company carried out two major asset restructuring projects, displacing the vaccine business, buying the blood supply in Guizhou, Shanghai, Wuhan and Lanzhou, and became a pure blood product after the harvest in 2018, with a core asset of 69.44% of the holding stock.
(i) The slurry volume is at the top of the industry, and the company ' s interest slurry is at the top of the domestic industry. Prior to the reorganization, 683 tons of slurry from the sky were taken in 2016, and after the acquisition of the Guizhou Mid-Thai and the three blood systems, the company slurry was over 1400 tons by the end of 2017, reaching 1568 tons by the end of 2018.
By 2020, the number of company slurry stations (including substations) had increased to 59 (55 at the slurry stations) and the domestic blood industry.
(ii) The three main combinations have been very effective, increasing the volume of slurry and increasing the profits of the ton slurry. By the end of 2019, two years after the reorganization, Chengdu produced the output and the management experience of the slurry station, Lanzhou, Wuhan and Shanghai.
The increase in the slurry volume of the three blood-based species of the sea, as well as the increase in the yield of tons resulting from the sharing of Chengdu ' s technical processes and the experience of managing the cost of control, resulted in a significant increase in profit and a significant improvement in the effectiveness of the slurry production,1 and a two-year increase of 23.3 per cent in the volume of slurry from the point of view of the slurry production.
In 2017, it was estimated that 576 tons of slurry would be produced by the three blood systems + 576 tons of slurry produced in Guizhou, which is evident in the 55% increase in blood slurry in Lanzhou and 86% in Central Thailand. According to the company ' s announcement, the total slurry volume in 2018 was 1,568 tons, and is expected to be in Doo Ying + around 950 tons in Central Thailand, while the three blood sources were estimated to be three.
The slurry produced totalled 618 tons, an increase of 14 per cent in the same year. In 2019, the total body slurry was 1706 tons, and it is expected to total 1,052 tons (+10.7 per cent) of the total Thai population, while the three blood slurries continued to rise, with the most significant increases in Lanzhou, where the bloodline of Wuhan was less marked due to historical influence.
According to the company announcement, the Shanghai blood system, the Wuhan blood system, the Lanzhou blood system amounted to 269 million yuan in 2018, fulfilling commitments 204 per cent, continuing growth in 2019, and fulfilling commitments 164 per cent. In 2019, compared to 2018, the Wuhan blood system
Net profit + 22%, Landland + 47%, Shanghai blood products almost equal to 2018. After integration and pre-integration, the net profit from Wuhan blood grew by 88% in the two years 2018-2019.
With a net profit of $3.82 million, we expect $51 million for the year 2017, $101.7 million for the year 2018, and 100% for the two years 2018-2019 for the Lanzhou blood system.
The most notable increases were in the profits from the Wuhan blood system and the Shanghai blood ton plasma system, which rose 78 per cent in 2018 from the 2017 m1-m9, about 140 per cent in Shanghai, and from the Lanzhou blood ton ton tones, which remained almost flat in 2019. The trend continued to increase, with the Wuhan blood system + 22 per cent, and the Lanzhou blood system + 17 per cent.
The cost of blood products consists of plasma costs, manufacturing costs, and human labour, of which the cost of plasma is typically over 60%, and the cost of manufacturing varies from 20-30%, depending on the production line equipment rate.
The cost of manufacturing includes depreciation costs, utilities, and fuel costs. In the case of the Wuhan blood system, the net profit of the Wuhan blood system in 2018 and 78% more than in 2015, with a 40% increase in the ton of slurry and a 28% increase in the amount of slurry.
The increase in profits is expected mainly to be due to the lower fixed costs of ton slurry and to the higher rates of ton slurry, specifically, three blood systems and the lower amortization of ton slurry fixed costs as slurry is raised, lower production costs per unit of product, and a further increase in the Māori rate. According to the company announcement, Shanghai is designed to produce 700 tons and Wuhan is designed to produce 600 tons.
Tons, with actual slurry droppings of about 200 tons and 250 tons, respectively, with low capacity utilization of 30% and 40%. A larger slurry scale would lower unit costs and raise the profits of the slurry. The Länder designed 300 tons of capacity, with actual output in the range of 150 tons, has a higher capacity utilization rate than Shanghai and Wuhan, and is expected to cost less than Shanghai and Wuhan.
As the slurry scale increases and the fixed cost of amortization decreases, it is expected that the ton slurry profits will continue to be released. Second, slurry growth: slurry growth is steady and the slurry source is continuously captured, and the slurry growth is judged in two steps:
Step one: How much of the slurry can be supported by the company at the slurry station (including the recently acquired slurry station): Step two: how much of the slurry can be supported by the company at the slurry station in the medium to long term?
The increase in the volume of company slurry will come mainly from the three blood systems, the increase in slurry in central Guizhou, and the newly acquired slurry station, so it is necessary to look at the increase in slurry from the three blood slurry systems and the increase in slurry in central Guizhou, and the growth of the newly harvested slurry station. We believe that the increase in slurry in the three blood slurry systems + the growth of the newly acquired slurry station + the growth of the old station contributed to a total of nearly 550 tons of slurry in three years:
1. Growth of the slurry at the present Ministry: it is expected that the current slurry at the old slurry station will contribute 200 tons of slurry over the next three years, regardless of the new slurry station. It is expected that the current slurry up at the slurry plant will come from three parts: 1) three mountain slurry slurry slurry slurry slurry slurries at the current low level at the single stations, the magnificence and the slurry at the slurry level in the Länder (the above three single stations in 2017)
2) South, Peng Creek, which was mined in 2015, and Ying Bin, which was newly approved for mining in 2019, as well as the two slurry stations (including the substations) which are not yet mined, and the Tungjiang Pingchang substations, which are growing up.
In the next three years, the current slurry station of Chengdu will contribute about 200 tons of slurry: 45 tons of old slurry station + 35 tons of three mountain west slurry station + 5 slurry stations received after 2015 120 tons = 200 tons. In 2017, Chengdu has about 824 tons of slurry, and in 2018 is expected to be close to 900 tons (+ 9%), 2019
At about 940 tons of slurry per year, it is expected that the increase in slurry from 2018 to 2019 will be mainly from the south, Peng Creek, which was mined in 2015.
Slurry is close to 50 tons and is at the forefront of the industry. Slurry from old slurry stations is expected to increase by at least 5% over the next three years, with 1.2, sub-slurry plus new slurry stations expected to contribute close to 120 tons of slurry increment.
The county of Pingchang County is over 1 million, as detailed in table 2. A total of 200 tons of slurry is expected to mature in the south, Pong Creek, Fu-soon, and Ping-Pong. Ping-chung and Fu-chung are expected to obtain a slurry permit in 2021, and the south, Ping-chun, Ping-chung and Ping-chung are expected to contribute nearly 120 tons of slurry in the next three years.
1.3 Three mountain slurry stations with fewer slurry levels are expected to produce 30-40 tons of slurry in the next three years and three mountain slurry stations with less single slurry levels are expected to produce 30-40 tons of slurry in the next three years (less than 20 tons in 2017 for the above three single stations). It is expected that, through enhanced management, single slurry stations will produce an average of 30-40 tons of slurry in the industry and 30-40 tons in the next three years.
At the present time, two slurry stations in Guohai are located in Jiangxi Yiyi County and Guishi City, where Yong-seng acquired the city, where he exported his experience of slurry station management. The current slurry volume of the slurry station has risen significantly, with a total of 35 tons of slurry in Guizhou in 2017 and is expected to reach 60 tons in 2019. Reference is made to Boya bioslumps (the main slurry station is located in Jiangxi and the average slurry at the old slurry station).
In the next three years, more than 10 tons of slurry is expected to be increased, regardless of the newly acquired slurry station, which is expected to achieve more than 70 tons of slurry in Guizhou, mainly as a result of the following:
1. Upgrade of the slurry at the old slurry station: 2. New slurry stations are in operation. There are 15 slurry stations in Wuhan. By October 2020 there were 13 slurry stations and 2 slurry in 2019-2020.
The station was granted a permit in 2019 for the Great Console and Meteoryang substations, and in 2020 for the Pinggau and Yooyang substations in Hainan Province, the slurry increase at the Xu Old Mall (before 2018) was about 200 tons before the reorganization. For historical reasons, the slurry at the single slurry station was about 20 tons.
At lower levels in industry, slurry levels are expected to be around 250 tons in 2019 (about 25 tons at single-slurry stations), further land landings are expected to be carried out through the production of turbo tubes, and slurry at single-slurry stations is expected to reach 30 tons (average of domestic single-slurry stations), with an estimated combined contribution of 40-50 tons of additional slurry from older slurry stations expected over the next three years.
Sub-new and newly acquired slurry stations contribute to slurry at the old estuary single slurry stations since 2017, and are expected to contribute about 20 tons of slurry in the next three years, and the new compost and meteor-yang substations in 2019 are expected to contribute 25-30 tons of plasma in each of the next three years.
In 2020, a licence was obtained to contribute about 20-25 tons of magma in each of the next three years, adding about 130 tons to the last new and newly acquired slurry stations (30 tons per slurry at maturity) while 170-180 tons of slurry was contributed from the old slurry-up plus new and newly acquired slurry stations.
4: The growth of blood production in Shanghai: the growth of old slurry stations + the newly acquired slurry station is expected to contribute nearly 90 tons of slurry in the next three years. Shanghai is now home to nine slurry stations in Shanghai, nine in Jiangsu, Jiangxi, Guizhou, Yunnan, three in 2015 and three in 2016, and Yunnan in December 2018.
The slurry in 2016, before the reorganization of the Shanghai blood system, is expected to reach about 215 tons in 2018, 220 tons in 2019, and the slurry in 2020, which is expected to be the same as in 2019.
In spite of the slurry stations that may be released in the next three years, the growth of old slurry stations + the newly acquired slurry stations are expected to contribute nearly 902 in the next three years) and the newly acquired slurry station Yunnan and the single slurch station, which will contribute nearly 60 tons of slurry in the next three years, the newly acquired slurry station Yunnan and the single slurch cover about 600,000 and 460,000 people, respectively (data)
From the Local Statistics Bulletin 2017, it is expected to contribute nearly 60 tons of slurry in the next three years.5 The growth of the Lanzhou blood system is expected to contribute about 75 tons over the next three years; the Land State blood system currently has 11 slurry stations, 9 in the camp and 2 in the construction of the slurry station. The Lanzhou blood system is expected to produce 115 tons in 2017.
The average slurry at the slurry station is about 12 tons, which, after two years of consolidation, is expected to reach 180 tons in 2019, with an average of 20 tons of slurry, a marked increase. 1) The single slurry at the old slurry station in Lanzhou can reach 25 tons, an increase of 45 tons.
2) The slurry is expected to be harvested around 2021-2022, with an increase of 30 tons, with a combined contribution of about 75 tons without taking into account the future slurry of blood production in Lanzhou, which is expected to reach about 2260 tons in 2022 and a 3-year compound increase of 10 per cent.
(ii) Continuous access to slurry sources and other advantages of blood products enterprises in terms of their ability to access the resources of slurry stations.
The slurry station is unique in its ability to acquire resources, and it is often chosen to satisfy the economy in areas where the population is concentrated and the income level is low.
It is particularly important to lag behind the interests of local governments, as well as to increase the capacity to engage in dialogue with governments. By investing in slurry stations, by investing in mills, by increasing local employment and paying taxes, by compensating local governments for their exposure to slurry stations, and by investing in slurry for slurry stations, it is hoped that in the future there will be large quantities of new slurry stations in Yunnan and Gansu regions.
On December 23, the Yunnan Department Health Board released Plan 2020-2023 for single plasma stations in Yunnan Province (for comments), planning to install 20 additional single plasma stations throughout the province, with a cumulative total of 24. In 2018, the Skyscoller invested in a slurry exchange station in Yunnan and invested $1.65 billion to build a capacity of 1,200 million.
Ton Production Base, built in 2019, is expected to be completed in 2022. Skybaths acquired the opportunity to set up a magma station in Yunnan, and the Consortium planned to invest in and build 10 single plasma stations in Yunnan Province in 2018.
According to the company’s announcement of 29 October 2020, it is proposed to build 1,200 tons of blood products production workshops in Lanzhou, with an investment of 1,287 million dollars.
In February 2021, construction will begin, and production is expected to start by the end of 2024, similar to that of an investment-for-save slurry station. The 12-200-ton industrialization of the blood-based project in Lanzhou demonstrates the company’s confidence in the future expansion of blood sources and the continued availability of slurry sources.
In the medium and long term, it is expected to obtain slurry levels that match the production capacity. The possibility of continuing to receive slurry stations in Sichuan and Lake North, among other areas.
The difficulty of establishing new single plasma stations has increased significantly, and the number of new ones has begun to decline. The establishment of slurry stations is more stringent, and companies have an advantage in expanding them, depending on the resource advantages of the Toto National Drug Group and China’s biologically powerful shareholders.
There are five licence plates for five producing companies under the flag of the Tianjin family and the largest number of blood companies in the country. In addition to the slurry stations in Yunnan and Gansu, there are also areas of Sichuan (where Chengdu is located), Hubei (where Wuhan blood is produced), where there is a continuous capacity to acquire slurry sources and where it is expected that a large number of new slurry stations will be approved in Yunnan and Gansu district, as well as Sichuan (where Shunchu is located).
The regions of Toyota and Hubei (where Wuhan blood is produced) are also expected to continue to receive slurry stations, which will increase the amount of slurry. The slurry is expected to grow, and there is plenty of space.
The abundance of planetary lifelines will greatly increase the profits from ton slurry. Complementation of cavity-based products, superpositioning of layered slurch, and restructuring of eight factors, yielding a significant increase in the profits from the planetary life-ton slurry.
In addition to the price implications of cost control and different brand power, the main reason for the difference in the level of profit from the ton slurry is that the product lines are incomplete. The Chinese biological product lines are complete, allowing the simultaneous production of proteins, immune proteins, and condensation factors.
Complementation of the clot factor product will make up for the gap in the profits from the cyanoblast, e.g., the increase in the income from the human clogged blood factor to the condensate factor, and the increase in the profits: the new condensed blood factor is expected to increase the revenue from the slurry by 280,000.
Overlayed steroids (with an increase of 29-47 million tons of slurry revenue) and recombinant eight factors are expected to lead to a significant increase in the profits from the slurry of the planetary organisms. Chengdu Yongsheng is currently working on the condensed enzyme compound, the coagulation factor, the recombination of the coagulation factor, the sequestering of the humans, the immunoglobin of the humans, the human fibre proteins, the human condensation factor seven, and the ultra-resistance of the megacellular virus human immunodeficiency protein (ph4).
At the end of the month, the recombinant coagulation of octocyte, sepsis of sepsis and human filamentary proteins is in clinical stage III and is expected to be produced in 2023 with (i) cagnoses: 280,000 more revenue is expected from the new octocdocyte ton. The corporate coagulation of cytases and coagulation factors are expected to be approved by the end of 2020 or early 2021 and the recomposition of the coagulation factors is expected to take place at the end of 2020 or the beginning of 2021.
It is expected to be approved in 2023.1 The current level of treatment for haemophilia in the country is seriously inadequate, the coagulation factor has a large capacity to grow, considering the need for treatment, and the domestic coagulation factor is sold on a scale of 10 billion yuan, with four times the growth space.
The current level of treatment for haemophilia in the country is seriously inadequate, counting only 0.631u/person in Japan, based on average batch data issued by mrb and the Central Court of Justice for almost three years. Considering the reconstitution of the condensation factor, which is 0.421u/person per capita in the United States, and 4.231u/person in the United States, we expect the current sale of the internal condensation factor to be between 2.02 billion and 2.5 billion yuan in terms of market size.
(According to the need-based treatment, the domestic sale of clots can reach 10 billion yuan, with four times the size of the growth space, if preventive treatment is further promoted among patients, demand increases, and we measure the space by preventive treatment at around 20 billion yuan. In 2019, the domestic sale of clots was measured at a scale of:
For the period 2018-2019, an average of 1.83 million units were issued in batches, with an average winning price of $4 billion and a corresponding market value of around $2.3 billion for the corresponding city.
Demand. From the point of view of treatment on the basis of need, the number of persons suffering from the disease in the country (approximately 7.14 million) in the medium and heavy categories of haemophilia, based on data such as the per capita annual use of the patient (7.5 thousand iu), requires 5.35 billion cilu to meet the need for treatment on the basis of eight factors, with a current cost of $2/iu based on the current blood clotation factor, and the market for treatment on the basis of the demand.
According to frost&sullivan data, in 2017, the proportion of people aged 18 and under in China choosing preventive treatment was 10% and 29%, respectively, and preventive treatment was further promoted among patients, with a projected range of 20 billion yuan.
This is why the domestic restructuring is increasing faster than the human condensation factor. The plasma extracts the cdensation factor and the supply bottlenecks. Breaks through the newcomers, and the company's cdensation factor is approved to fill the gap in the supply and demand of the cdensation factor.
The company had declared production in 2016, withdrew its request for additional experimental data in 2018, rereported production in 2018, was expected to be approved in early 2021, and a successful transfer of new and old production capacity was expected to occur by the end of 2021 and the end of 22nd year.
An increase in income and profits from ton slurry due to human clots: It is estimated that the rate of post-partum slurry received by the C.O.P.s. is 800 bottles (2001u specification) and the current rate for the C.O.E.s. is 800 bottles, and we expect to receive about 800 bottles of slurry from the C.O.T. at about 350/2001u.
The cost of the reference blood products is more than 70% of the cost of the plasma, and the additional human cdensation factor does not increase the cost of the plasma. Tonol revenue is $280,000, the bulk of which is expected to be profit.3 Reassembly the cdensation factor is more safe and free of raw material constraints, and the recombinant cdensation factor is expected to become a heavy weight of the company.
Chengdu was developing and recombining the human cdensation factor and the recombinant human condensation factor seven factor product, which was declared clinically in 2019 for inclusion in the priority review and is expected to be marketed in 2023. The recombinant human cdensification factor via project has completed a process study before the recombinant is recombined, and in the current clinical declaration, the recombinant varieties are expected to be approved over the next five years.
3.1 Reconfiguration of the cdensation factor will continue to replace the human cdensation factor; Reconfiguration of the cdensation factor due to its safety and non-material constraints; current recomposition of the cdensation factor in the country is increasing in proportion to the share of the cdensation factor; market space is high; and recombination of the cdensation factor is expected to become a heavy weight breed of the company.
According to mrb data, the factor ratio for overseas reorganizations has gradually increased, from 30 per cent in 1996 to 60 per cent in 2014, and the market is currently restructuring the coagulation factor ratio (in terms of sales) to 85 per cent. Upgrades, the main human constriction factor has production bottlenecks, combined with the liberalization of the recombinant condensation factor medical coverage coverage, have resulted in a recombinant condensation of blood.
Dollars (a 2.8 per cent decrease in comparison and a composite increase of 18.1 per cent in 2012-2019), a total of 590 million yuan (a 74 per cent increase in comparison) in recombinant condensation factors, 26 per cent in human condensation factors, 42 per cent in sales and 58 per cent in condensation factors. 3.2 Domestic recombinant condensation factors are listed in addition to import recombinant condensation factors
There are currently no reorganisation factors in the country. The reorganisation factors that China has approved for listing include: abate in Austria; kogenaters in Bayer; and Xyntha in the United States. According to Bloomberg data, the global sales of baxter advate in 2015 were $2 billion, and kogenatefs in Bayer.
Global sales in 2015 were $1.3 billion; global sales by pfizer were higher than the price of 5 import recombinant human cdensation factor, which is about 1.8 times the price for human condensation factor (recombined blood cdensation factor 2.0/iu, or 3.6/iu, based on the winning end price). We expect to recombinate blood cdensation with national production.
Domestic recombinant coagulation factor listing is expected to take the first share of the imported recombinant coagulation factor by price advantage. As the domestic recombinant condensation factor is on the market more and more, the supply increases, and the recombinant coagulation factor prices continue to fall below the human condensation factor, which will continue to replace the human condensation factor.
According to Pharmacy Network data, companies entering the country for clinical purposes are currently mainly active in positive skyscrapers, the Mystery Cell Project, Nosland in Beijing, the closed medicine industry and the Skyfare, and the fastest progress is being made in November 2019, when the Shenzhou Cell submitted its application for listing.
It is hoped that it will be approved in 2021. It was submitted to the market in May 2020, and the Tianxian organisms have entered clinical phase III, with approval expected in 2022 and 2023, respectively.
We expect to have an impact on the domestic coagulation factor when the internal recombinant coagulation factor product is marketed in large quantities?
As opposed to other blood-producing enterprises, the catheterated cdensation factor will be a good remedy for the shock. With the advantage of good channels in the blood-based industry, the recombined cdensation factor product will receive a significant share in the market, which will make up for the loss of cdensation factor.
(ii) A rise in the collection rate and pricing advantage, with an increase of 29 to 47 million tons of slurry revenue The structure of domestic blood products remains dominated by protein, driven by demand for protein, and as the supply and demand of proteins progress towards a balance, the growth of domestic blood products markets will be led by SlPP, which is very widespread and leaves much room for growth, but at the present time
There is a lack of awareness on the part of physicians and patients of the clinical application of the NCP, and the demand for release depends on academic outreach. Blood companies in the country are reluctant to promote the NPP because of the unpredictable growth of their own slurry and the fact that the current slurry promotion has a hitch effect.
To come to the market, Qingy C will upgrade the technology available for Qing C, and, in the end, will create differential competition, reduce hitchhikers, and gain better pricing advantages. The Qingy C Clinical Adaptive Disorders are very precise, evidence-based medically validated, non-alternative (recombinantly difficult).
It's the largest blood product in the world today, with very low penetration rates in the country, which determine the long-term growth space for static c-resistance. The application is very widespread, with applications reaching various fields of medicine, including immunology, blood disease, blood tumours, neurosis, skin disease, rheumatism, infectious diseases and organ transplantation, becoming the most widely used blood products, according to mrb.
There are currently more than 50 cases of anti-resistance supported by clinical evidence in the country. The country’s clinical applications are concentrated on blood chemotherapy, severe pneumonia and renal transplant resistance, and autoimmune diseases.
In terms of per capita ivig usage, according to the Royal Court of Central Review of 2018-2019, 19g per 1,000 population in Ning C, 210g per 1,000 population in the United States and Australia (data for 2015), 78g per 1,000 population in Canada, 35g per 1,000 population in Japan, 1/10 per capita in the United States and Australia, 1/4 in Canada, and 1/2 in Japan, as detailed in table 14.
As the blood industry expands its investment in Qin C, the end demand is expected to be released, and the corresponding health care payment policy is expected to keep pace, and the introduction of Qing C is expected to increase the rate of acceptance of the Qin C purity process.
The introduction of the law has led to more mild separation conditions, higher product acceptance rates, higher product purity and greater product stability and safety, a more common method of condensation in blood products overseas, a process that is now widely used in the country as low-temperature ethanol, lower-level static purity at extraction, and a need for a layer-based approach to increase purity. High purity can help stabilize the ig and reduce the use of stabilizers.
The introduction of the layer method has increased both the productivity of the g-purification process and the antibody purity and activity. 1 gg finished product purity produced with the layer-based approach can be greater than 99%, with only <1% polymeric, <amino acid-specific proteins, low enzyme activity, and protein enzymes that cause ivig long-term placement, especially post-incubation hydrolysis of iga.
Bail developed and adopted a ivig production process based on layered techniques, which increased the rate of collection by 50 per cent from the original low-temperature ethanol process, which was expanded to 200 kg per batch, with a significant reduction in the production cycle from 100 hours of the cohn method.
30 hours. Dialysis nanofilm filters usually use 20 nm apertures, which, with multiple overlaps, can filter all known diseases. Based on a comprehensive search of literature, we expect a 15-30% increase in the previous rate of company dialysis static C.
2.3. With regard to the differences in the treatment of monolyses with high levels of static and low-temperature ethanol, there are currently no significant differences in the adaptations of low-purity meso and low-temperature ethanol based on the use of meth overseas. However, high concentrations of methp are dominant in the use of large doses and apply to neuroimmunological diseases requiring large doses of injections.
Dialysis, with high levels of static c, helps to promote neuroimmune disease adaptation and is suitable for hypodermic injection. The high levels of static glucone, low impurities, increase drug safety for diabetes mellitus, kidney patients, and the elderly, and increase the patient’s drug use experience with low osmosis and shorter injection time.
3. The higher quality standards of layered stylc help companies to gain a higher brand and pricing advantage when they promote their end-uses. The domestic stairc promotion has the potential to create differentiated competition, gain a higher brand advantage, reduce easy access, and gain a better pricing advantage when it comes to end-use.
(iii) Summing up: how the product line increases the profits, and how the profits release the rhythm judgement, taking into account the increase in the cost of layering, is expected to shift most of the increase in income to higher profits.
1. What about increased profits from product lines? Considering the condensation factor + mesothaline effects, the revenue from the ton slurry increased by 57-750,000, the profits from the entire ton slurry from the sky rose gradually, and it was expected that the profits from the ton slurry would reach the highest level in the industry.
Chengdu has a current ton profit of around 700,000 (2019 data: 65/920 tonnes = 710,000) and a folded condensed blood eight due to the fact that the condensation of the statnium (ton slurry income increased by 57-750,000) is expected to be close to the level of the industry. Together with the thickening of the cytase compound and the fibrous proteins, the ton magma profits are higher.
In 2019, the total ton profit was around half a million, of which 700,000 were derived from the ton of Tung Yu, and lower ton profits from the three blood systems (Wuhan, Shanghai, and Lang). With the increase in the ton harvest rate and the expansion of the slurry scale of the three blood systems (Wuhan, Shanghai, and Lange), I will also increase the ton profit without increasing the line of production.
In their view, considering the additional cavity factor plus siltation factor, the increase in ton slurry revenue by 57-750,000 is expected to shift mostly to higher profits, which are expected to rise to the highest level in the industry as a whole. 1) The increase in ton slurry revenue and profits from human cholesterol factor:
It is estimated that the yield rate for the drop-out factor is 800 bottles (2001u specification), the current rate is 800 bottles for the condensation of the condensation factor in the company with the condensation factor, and about 800 bottles are projected for the production rate, at about 350/2001u, for the equivalent of 280,000 tons. The cost of the reference blood products is 70% of the cost of the plasma, and the additional human cdensation factor is no increase.
Pulse-plus costs, which are expected to generate 280,000 tons of slurry, are mostly for profit. (2) Acquisition on the impact of rising stale-property rates and pricing advantages on income and profit growth.
The BCD production needs to be completed in the new production capacity of Chengdu Yong. The NPP is scheduled to be officially operational by the end of 2021 (principally, the transfer between the new and the old production capacity will have to be completed by the end of 2021), and people will need to be able to access the new production capacity.
At the same time, other blood systems can be produced in groups, on a sustainable basis, in the form of a new production capacity of Chengdu Yong. Dialysis is expected to be approved in 2023, and its contribution to profits is expected to be gradually realized in 2024.
(i) Short-term upturn in the climate: 1. The projected decrease in overseas imports of proteins over 21 years, further improvements in domestic protein supply and demand over 21 years, a steady rise in the climate, and prices are expected to continue upwards, based on the following findings.
The csl and Kilifor plasma stations are spread across the United States, and are expected to reflect the United States as a whole, with a 15% decline in overseas slurry by the same year in 2020. Meanwhile, repeated outbreaks of the epidemic will further increase the impact on slurry.) There is no surplus stock of plasma and protein stocks overseas.
Kilifor, in his 2020q3 investor relationship report, disclosed that the company had depleted its plasma stock. Bhat (Wantland) revealed that sales for 20 years would not be affected by a decrease in plasma collection, and that their overseas epidemic had a limited impact on the demand for the United States protein market compared to the same period last year.
There is no decline in demand abroad, and there is a backlog of protein stocks, which we consider to be normal levels. 3) The impact of the reduction in overseas slurry in 2020 on domestic imports of protein batch issuance is likely to occur in the fourth quarter of 20 to 21 years.
The projected time frame for overseas slurry-to-domestic batch issuance is 7-8 months (2 months of release time + 2 months of production + 2 months of customs + 1-2 months of transport) and currently imported proteins in November, mostly from April slurry, which was produced in August-September. q2 overseas slurry was most affected by the epidemic in 2020, and the supply of blood products affected by q2 slurry in 2020 will occur in the fourth quarter to 21 years.
The white supply and demand gap continues to grow, the climate rises, and prices are expected to continue to rise.
(ii) Medium- and long-term industry: medium- and long-term supply and demand situation: currently slurry stations are being approved in favour of frontline companies. At the end of 2016, WMS issued its Visions for Promoting the Healthy Development of Single Blood Pulse Stations, which clearly states that blood production is governed by the norms governing the management of single plasma stations with high R & D capacity, high levels of combined plasma utilization and single blood-powdering stations
The principle of tilting the product-producing enterprises can be seen in the construction of new slurry stations over the last three years. The annual national plasma collection report shows that, in 2018, a total of 8620 tons of slurry from the industry was expected to grow by about 8% in 2019, reaching about 9,300 tons, and that the epidemic was expected to decline in 2020.
In 2014-2015, 28 and 10 new slurry stations were added in the country, 6 in 2018, 2 in 2019 and only 1 by 2020. Currently, there is little room to dig. There are few new slurry stations, and slurry growth continues to decline to around 5% in the next 2-3 years.
2) The cost of slurry is essentially the same and the cost of slurry is the same as that of the slurner. 3) The impact of the newly acquired slurry stations, which are expected to reach maturity in three years, is higher than the fixed cost and higher unit cost of slurry. 5/55 = 9.1% of the new slurry stations are now being approved.
The impact on the Māori rate is expected to be small.4 The three bloodlines and the Guizhou Ningtai have increased their level of net profit as the slurry scale increases the unit fixed cost and the process improves the ton slurry harvest rate.
Fortifying, the Yunnan base was built in September 2022 with 1.7 billion investments. It is expected that in the next three years there will be an estimated 3 billion in construction work in progress and consolidation. The completion of construction in 2021 will affect the cost of manufacturing. 6) In 2022, the production of 1,200 tons of new production capacity was approved in early 2021, leaving no consideration of other varieties of production.
The cost of manufacturing is $85.5 million, assuming a condensed blood factor input of 800 vials, at a price of $350 per bottle and $280,000 per bottle, which would fully cover the increase in the cost of manufacturing. Under recombinant condensation factor viii, diagnosing human immunoglobin is in the clinical stage of three stages and will be earned on the basis of research and development costs.
8) With regard to financial costs. As slurry and sales have grown, operating funds have increased, with significant capitalization costs, but financial costs are expected to remain essentially the same, given the availability of additional financing.
1. The continuous expansion of the company ' s size advantages and the firm ' s position as a leader, supported by the increase in the slurry volume of three blood systems and the recent growth of the slurry stations in Guizhou, and the sustainability of the company ' s future approval of new slurry stations.2 The company ' s expansion and upgrading of new blood products, the formation of an academic outreach team, and the medium- and long-term consolidation of blood products in companies
Competitiveness for development, with clear development paths, is expected to improve significantly with improved utilization, higher profit margins for ton slurry, and expected improvements in 2022, with a life-saving haemorrhage, energy release, and the delivery of new products (viii factor + siltc).
From an industry perspective, it is expected that there will be a decline in overseas imports of protein in 21 years, a further improvement in domestic protein supply and demand in 21 years, and a continued upturn in the climate, with prices expected to continue upwards, with a further increase in performance. We maintain a “buy-in” rating for scarce, growth-logic blood products.
The risk of price fluctuations in products, policy risks, safety risks, less than the expected risk of integration, less than the expected risk of building a durable blood system, less than the expected risk of new slurry stations, less than the expected risk of research and development, and higher risk of failure.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.