E-consumption e-profits have recovered steadily and new areas of business have grown in scale: 24,669 million yuan in business earnings were realized by companies in the first three quarters of 2022, a year-on-year increase
In the third quarter of the year, operating income was 9.864 billion yuan, an increase of 11 per cent over the same period. The net profit of 745 million yuan, a decline of 14.7 per cent over the same year, the net profit of 931 million yuan from non-mortality, an increase in product structure, improved cost control and increased profitability.
Due to weak end demand in the consumer electronics sector, and in order to achieve sustained growth, the company insists on a sophisticated functional backbone that does not extend to upstream materials and downstream modules, assembly products, and active deployment of new energy vehicles and clean energy, while at the same time it continues to do so.
In-house drilling: upgrading of the automation capabilities of the various links through autonomous R & D automation equipment, standardized plant management and real-time resource coordination through multi-system interaction through total equity/flow (millions of units).
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) and enhanced cost-control capacity, ultimately directly reflected in an increase in corporate overall profitability, up to 12 months/minimum (million yuan)
The performance was relatively excellent in a chain of fruit, with 18 per cent growth in business profits in the previous three quarters, 36.38 per cent growth in non-profits and 36.38 per cent growth, with a very good quality of growth, and a slight decline in parent profits, mainly due to the $156 million goodwill, which had previously been in the first place in previous years.
The four-quarters focus, which reflects greater prudence and further solidity in the quality of the assets of the public sector. For example, corporate parent profits are positive growth, net of goodwill.
In the area of consumption, the company’s product lines have grown steadily and its overall share has risen steadily in the new generation of products from large overseas clients, thanks to the expansion of its active layout over the past two years. In addition, the company has been actively working with core clients on new products such as ar/vr, laptops, etc.
At the same time, the growth of new business plates, such as company cars and photovoltaics, has been very high, with excellent growth and dynamism: (1) the company's automobile business is dominated by power cell structures.
This includes power cell shells, sheetboards, relays, etc., which in 2021 achieved more than double the same income ratio. The company’s currently covered customers now hold over 35% of the market share in the global power cell market and have considerable future growth space; (2) the company’s ability to grow.
Photovoltaic operations are mainly processed with photovoltaic inverters, and Indian production bases supply high-profile photovoltaic-related products to large households abroad, with better profitability. The previous three quarters saw more than a doubling of income growth from operating plates.
Business resilience, a reasonable level of indebtedness, and long-term incentives for employee ownership. The net cash flow generated by the company’s operations in the first three quarters was $2.35 billion, a year-on-year increase that confirmed the firm’s resilience this year. The asset-liability ratio as of the end of the third quarter
55.86 per cent of the total liabilities remained at a reasonable level compared to the same period last year, and the company was currently moving forward with its employee holding plan, with performance appraisal targets of 2022-2024 and no more than 530 persons, and the introduction of the employee holding plan, which sets out the objectives of the enterprise ' s performance and its long-term objectives.
A sophisticated combination of incentives that effectively inspires a sense of ownership among employees and improves the sharing of benefits among employees and shareholders and facilitates the implementation of strategic planning in the medium- and long-term.
While expanding up and down, new energy-related industries, such as lithium, photovoltaic and so forth, are actively deployed to achieve better performances and to see the company's future core business blocks go hand in hand, enabling the company to achieve high-quality growth, and the company is expected to achieve net profits in 2022-2024.
(3) Increased competition in consumer electronics markets leads to a decline in profitability.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.