Peace Bank (000001): high profit growth and steady asset quality incident: On April 20th, Peace Bank published the 1st Quarterly Report 2020, resulting in a net return to the mother of $8.55 billion.
Since 2016, the company has been fully transformed into a retail bank, making every effort to create a smart retail bank, and promoting a two-tier banking system. Integrated finance is the company’s specialty.
The company relies on a large individual customer base, a strong net profit of 1q20 increased by 14.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis; ppop increased by 19.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, increasing brand influence over 1q19; extensive distribution networks; and complete integration
2.3 pct. The higher-than-expected increase in profitability benefits mainly from faster growth in size (a system of financial products with higher interest-bearing assets, with a view to overall retail transformation, 17.4%) and smaller interest differentials (a narrow 2bp for the quarterly round).
The leading intelligent retail banks provided a strong core, with capital in a strong capital build-up in 19 years, with lower interest rates forecast, and companies increasing their credit investment, continuing the high growth since the fourth quarter of 19 years. Structuredly, credit ratios continued to rise in the first quarter, and the epidemic affected them.
The demand side has a relatively small impact on the quarterly rise in the credit ratio for public business. At the end of the debt, deposits have become more rigid, and there is still room for improvement; benefiting from a loose liquidity environment, the cost of peer debt continues to fall.
In a larger trend, it would be more appropriate to pre-empt credit lending. The structure of credit investment shows that the ratio of retail spending on public credit in 19 was 6:4: while demand for retail credit has been infested since February this year.
The impact of the circulation b/h shares (in thousands) is more significant, specifically that credit cards, new credit balances have only slightly increased or decreased since the beginning of the year, and new demand has recovered in the quarter, and companies will continue to maintain the retail share of public investment of 60 per cent.
Core capital and capital are better replenished, and credit is expected to grow at a high level throughout the year. 2) End-of-debt: peer debt benefits from a low interest rate environment, and savings costs are still much better. In the context of lower market interest rates, companies properly raise the peer liability ratio (0.8 pct-0.8 more than at the end of 19 years).
16.4%); higher corporate deposit ratio and better liability structure. However, the overall cost of the liability remains relatively larger than the cost of improvement. We believe that future expansion of the public business recovery will help to sink more public low-yielding performances, and the proactive tightening of the threshold will further affect the level of corporate asset end-of-end return.
There is greater scope to optimize liabilities; the cost of liabilities is expected to decrease further as peer liabilities and general loan reconciliation capacity improves. There is downward pressure on year-round interest differentials, but it is expected to remain at a higher level than that of peers. Retail underperformance rises within expectations, and asset quality as a whole is stable.
The stock asset quality indicator is better. Specifically, the default ratio for corporate lending has declined; in recent years, asset quality has continued to optimize with the risk of stock tianxy@dxzq.net.cn. Loans: affected by the epidemic, retail credit for the quarter
Growth has affected the ability of retail customers to repay their payments and has affected the recovery industry to a greater extent, raising the incidence of poor credit rates: credit cards, new loans, and bad rates of financial loans to cars, respectively, 0.66, 0.29, 0.33 pct to 1.66%, 1.34%, 0.74%, and 0.74%, respectively, compared to the end of the previous year.
Productive capacity is gradually recovering, and the pressure on loans may have eased. The coverage of the provision has risen significantly from the end of the previous year, and the investment proposal is to take into account the continued consolidation of the retail transformation of companies, the modest breakthroughs in corporate excellence, and the sustainability of profit growth.
Under control, the results are expected to continue to be consolidated; to be lightly refined in public business, to be better equipped to rely on group projects, and to take opportunities and make breakthroughs in the broader context of a policy-driven economic downturn.
It is expected that companies will maintain a high level of interest differentials and asset quality. The Division’s capacity to fine-tune its asset-liability management capacity in a complex economic environment, and to innovate under the financial science and technology advantage, will be given 1.1 times the 20-year pb target valuation, equivalent to $17.3 per share.
1. Increases in size, leading to a high rate of net profit growth and high profitability. The Bank of Peace achieved a revenue of $37.93 billion in the first quarter, an increase of 16.8 per cent in the same year; net profits (ppop) increased by 19.4 per cent in the same year before provision, an increase of 2.3 pct over 1q19; net profits returned to the mother of $8.55 billion, an increase of 14.8 per cent in the same year; and an increase of 2.1 pct over 1q19.
Performance split: the positive contribution of a quarter of performance growth is in size, spreads, costs, taxes, negative contribution in interest, and provision. The positive contribution of scale growth is significantly increased: the difference in interest is in the form of a small decline in contribution: the contribution of non-interest income is in the form of a positive shift from positive to negative and the non-interest income of a quarter is more affected by the epidemic.
In 19 years, with a strong capital replenishment plus lower interest rates forecast, companies increased their credit investment, continuing the upward trend since the 19th quarter. Structuredly, the credit share continued to rise in one quarter, and the share of public business credit, which was relatively less affected by the demand side of the epidemic, rose in the quarterly round.
Narrow, with some downside pressure throughout the year, given the high retail credit share and the scope for greater debt cost improvement, interest differentials are expected to continue at the end of the spectrum: credit continues the high growth trend since 19q4 and retailing is expected to continue at a 6/4 ratio for the public. 19q4 credit rises by 16.3 per cent.
We believe that, in the light of the trend of interest rates, it is the right strategy to pre-empt greater credit lending. Credit lending structure, 19 years of retail spending on public credit: 6:4; while retail credit demand has been more affected by the epidemic since February of this year, in particular credit cards and new credit balances.
At the beginning of the year, there was only a slight increase or decrease, with new credit flows falling mainly in the public sector during the quarter, generally increasing the quarterly round ratio of public loans to total loans by between 1.7 and 40%. Later, with the expected gradual recovery of the epidemic and a recovery in demand for retail credit (renewed in March), the company will maintain a zero sales-to-six-four investment ratio. Since 19 years, the company's core capital and capital have been better replenished, and credit is expected to increase at a high level throughout the year.
2) At the end of the liability: peer liability benefits from a low interest rate environment, and there is still much room for improvement in the cost of deposits. In the context of falling market interest rates, companies properly increase the share of peer liability (0.8 to 16.4 per cent higher than at the end of the 19th year); the business deposit ratio increases and the liability structure optimizes.
At the end of the liability, there is greater scope to optimize the bank’s liabilities; as the equity liabilities and the reconciliation capacity between ordinary loans improves, there is a negative balance between the interest-bearing asset rate of return of 14 bp to 5.03% and the interest-bearing liability rate of 10 bp.
Debt costs are expected to decrease further. The year-round interest differentials are under pressure, but they are expected to remain at a higher level than their counterparts. 4. Retail underperforming rates are expected to rise, and asset quality as a whole is stable. At the end of March, the safe bank poor rate was 1.65 per cent, the same as at the end of the previous year.
Qualitative indicators are excellent. Specifically, the default ratio for corporate lending has declined; asset quality has continued to optimize in recent years under stock risk clearance. Credit side: affected by the epidemic, retail credit has grown in one quarter, retail clients have reduced their ability to repay their payments, the desire to repay their payments, and the recovery industry has also received a greater impact, raising the default rate for one loan; credit cards, new loans, car financial lending have increased by 0.66, 0.29, 0.33 pct to 1.66 per cent, respectively, as compared to the end of the previous year.
Figure 10: An increase of 17.2 pct to 200.4 per cent in the coverage of the Bank of Peace in the first quarter; deterioration of asset quality as a result of the economic downturn; unexpected changes in regulatory policy, etc.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the bank of peace ($00001): high profit growth, steady asset quality, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Company reports Peace Bank ($00001): Keeping profits up fast and asset quality doing well.
Liam, Master of Arts in Finance and Economics, Cambridge University, England. Years of experience in banking, research assistant in gold securities, seaton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.