Technology leads, retail breakthroughs: building the world ' s leading intelligent commercial bank - Peace Bank (000001.sz) for the first time to cover reports, technology leads, retail breakthroughs, public excellence: Shenzhen Development Bank absorbs the merger of the former Peace Bank, and, more importantly,
It is recommended (for the first time covered) that it be called the "Safe Bank Limited" and that the "Safe Bank" be the controlling shareholder of the "Safe Bank".
The industry’s overall net interest differentials are under pressure on public business, and the “three-step” strategy of the secure bank layout is moving forward, with a strong public retailing and a marked increase in the share of retail business. Asset size continues to rise, aum maintains rapid growth: asset end: asset size continues to expand, zero
Sales are growing rapidly. Safe bank assets continue to grow in size, and expansion has long been at the forefront of business, especially interest-bearing assets, one of the main drivers of profit growth. Debt ends: deposits continue to grow in size, retail deposits are growing faster. Safe bank deposits are dominated by term deposits, corporations.
The ratio of business deposits remains high, the ratio of retail deposits has been rising year by year, and there is much room for improvement in the structure of future deposits. The decline in the ratio of term deposits will help to reduce the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, thereby reducing cost pressures.
In the case of public business, the poor rate of retailing has been relatively low, and the quality of public loans has also improved, and the poor rate has been improving year by year. In addition, the Sino-Safe bank capital replenishment mechanism has been improving and capital adequacy has increased.
On average, the industry, close to the head of the stock-based bank, is turning transformational energy into real performance products. The Sino-Safe bank net spread has been at the top of the list since 2015, largely as a result of a higher rate of return on interest-bearing assets, well above the average, while the cost of the end-of-debt has been reduced.
Retail operations are expanding and middle business is gaining strength: retail business revenues are increasing significantly, and the share of individual loans in total loans is increasing year by year, with a net spread higher than the traditional public sector; retailing helps to spread risk, reduce the incidence of corporate non-performing loans, and retail customers are sticky, bank safe
A sustained drive for integrated financial services can generate more middle-account income for the bank. The middle business is sustained, with a rising share of non-interest income, and has been at the forefront of the business in recent years, particularly in the bank card business.
Aum, aum, a major effort to develop private banking. Profit forecasting, valuation and rating: we use two stages ddm and relative valuation, we use two phases ddm and relative valuation, we value safe banks. For risk-free interest rates, we use two phases ddm and relative valuation.
We use the 10-year average of national interest rates on debt over the past year, and we use sensitivity to test abnormal valuation criteria, and we assume that we are affected by the epidemic, and that China’s economy will recover slowly in 2020, leading to a further underestimation of the banking sector. At the same time, the global banking sector is suffering from a slowdown in economic growth, a period of low interest rates, and an era of low interest rates.
The impact of exposure to emerging market risks, the slowdown in the scale of credit, the triple challenge for our banking sector: “asset waste,” “breath-over” and “risk flash” – as well as the need for tighter regulation and digital attackers. As a first-class business, safe banking retailing can be influenced by the overall macro-economic impact and sensitiveness.
We differ from the market's view that the rapid development of the Bank benefited from the rapid development of its own operations. We analyze that the Bank's development is inseparable from the peace group behind it.
In the area of integrated finance, the Group's strategy is to build on the major financial platforms under its umbrella to achieve the full range of clients' financial needs, so that the number of clients of the Bank of Peace is guaranteed and its operations are well developed, based on secure groups, in the areas of customer resources, six ecosystems, comprehensive financial services development, etc.
“Natural” advantages; retail transformation has been effective, with sustained optimization of the asset structure and strong net differentials; technological enabling advantages have been highlighted, smart services have become more efficient; the share of non-interest income has continued to rise, private banks have increased their speed, and revenues from financial operations, fees and commissions are expected to continue to grow.
For example, credit risk, interest rate risk and liquidity risk; and other risks: the risk of force majeure, such as the new crown virus, which suspends the business of the institution.
Peace Bank (000001.sz) is a cross-regional commercial bank owned by the China Peace Insurance Group Ltd., based in Shenzhen City, Guangdong Province, and its predecessor, Shenzhen Development Bank, is the first publicly listed national stock bank in China and China. As of late 2019, there were 34,253 active employees of Peace Bank, with a total of 34253 employees in the country.
There are 91 branches and 1,058 establishments that provide a wide range of financial services to their clients.
Forbes is the seventh largest company in the world in 2000 and the first in the United Global Multi-Insurance Corporation, while continuing to be the first to join China Insurance Enterprises. 1.1. Corporate equity structure: Building on the Peace Group to strengthen internal resource consolidation
The Bank was founded in Shenzhen in 1987; it was listed at the deep-off market in April 1991 with a credit code of 00001.sz: In 2004, the New Bridge Investment Group of the United States grew into its first major shareholder.
On 19 February 2004, Fujian Asian Bank was renamed Peace Bank, with its headquarters relocated from Fuzhou to Shanghai. In 2010, the Peace Insurance Group received 520 million shares in deep development under the New Bridge and held them through subscriptions and non-public distribution.
29.99 per cent of the shares (June 2010) were acquired by the Peace Group in September of the same year with shares in the Shenzhen Peace Bank and cash in order to subscribe to the deep development of the undisclosed shares, and 52.38 per cent of the shares were acquired by the Peace Group after the completion of the transaction; In 2012, the Shenzhen Development Bank absorbed the merger of the former Peace Bank and renamed it “Peace Bank, Inc.”.
Figure 1: Deep progress in the development of the Bank of Peace, which was inaugurated on 22 December 1987.
• In 2004, the New Bridge Investment Group of the United States was introduced to become the first foreign investor in the country to become a commercial bank with a medium-equity system as the first major shareholder.
In February 2004, the Fujian Asian Bank was renamed Peace Bank, and in 2007 the Shenzhen City Commercial Bank joined the former Peace Bank, a subsidiary of the Peace Group, and was renamed Shenzhen Peace Bank.
• In 2010, the Peace Group held 29.99 per cent (June) of its shares in deep development through ownership of the new bridge, subscriptions to non-public issuances, etc. • In September 2010, the Peace Group held 52.38 per cent of its shares in deep development of its shares in Shenzhen Peace Bank and cash subscriptions, which were completed with 52.38 per cent
• In 2012, the Shenzhen Development Bank absorbed the merger of the former Peace Bank and changed its name to “Safe Bank, Inc.”, which is held by China Peace Insurance Group, Ltd. and its controlled subsidiary.
The top ten shareholders are Hong Kong Central Clearing House Ltd., China Securities and Finance Co. Ltd., and Central Money Transfer Asset Management.