Yogan City, 4th quarter net profit and ring up, multi-project advancement, basic chemical materials.
In 2024, the company published its annual report for 2024, and in 2024 it achieved $34.23 billion (+26% of the year) in return for the mother ' s net profit of $3.90 billion (compared to 4.1% of the total cost, equal to the ring).
The Division maintained the positive momentum for steady business growth and industrial competitiveness through inward exploitation of potential to reduce efficiency gains and market boosts. The sales of company-owned products increased on a par in the fourth quarter of 2024.
In the fourth quarter of 2024, sales of company-owned products increased by the same year, and new energy materials/fertilizers/new energy materials/fertilizers/organamines/acetic acids and derivatives collected by the company in the fourth quarter of 2024, respectively, resulted in weaker overall prices for company-owned products in 2024 and higher prices for domestic anesthesia.
The price of nylon 6 was equal to the price of nylon in the main product, and the price of lymphetamine was higher. In 2024, the price of pure benzene in the raw material was high, the cost was stronger, the rate of operation of nylon 6 in the lower nylon was more flat, the demand was more supportive, and the price was higher. And urea, isogramol, aphrodite, acetic acid,
Products such as dimethyl carbonate are affected by market supply and demand easing and price volatility of raw materials, with prices falling by the same amount. In the fourth quarter of 2024, urea entered the lean season of agricultural use, industrial demand was limited, coal prices of raw materials were folded, costs were weakened, market supply and demand were relaxed, and urea prices were lower in March.
With the start of spring farming and the gradual release of fertilizer demand, the increase in compost procurement, along with an improvement in the marginality of industrial demand, the rise in international gas prices at the end of the cost has led to strong global fertilizer prices and the collapse of urea prices.
The company has actively promoted several projects to increase production and enhance market competitiveness. 2024 Wallu Hisung Lt. (600426.sh) - Second quarter net profit and ring upgrade, Tianzhou project year, company projects to optimize the raw materials and products of the meth resin monolith, and nylon 66 new high end materials.
Walluheungl (600426.sh) - Quarterly net profit double gain, low-cost competitive war program, successful production of the adipic acid device, leading to growth in the company’s production capacity. Meanwhile, the optimized upgrading of anamide raw materials, Warauhengl (600426.sh) - short-term pressure on performance, successful release of new production capacity -
Projects, 200,000 tonnes/year binary acid projects, bdo and nmp integration projects, and other technological improvements, and Walluheungl (600426.sh) - Qingzhou project - start production, taking into account the expansion of the company's size, are progressing well as planned.
Investment proposals: The company’s cost advantage is relatively strong and the volume of new production and sales is increasing, but due to downstream demand The company’s collection and return to the parent net profit ratio increased in the fourth quarter of 2024. The company issued its annual report for 2024, in 2024 it achieved a return of $34.23 billion (+26 per cent) and a return net profit of $3.90 billion (+9 per cent).
The price of divided chemical products continues to fall down, low-level shocks occur, and businesses are under greater pressure. However, by exploiting their internal potential, firms have reduced efficiency gains, increased market lifts in the outer world, maintained a positive momentum for steady business growth, and industry competitiveness has improved. Figure 2: Walluzen ' s quarterly net return to the mother (billion yuan)
Figure 3: Quarterly Māori, Net Interest Rates, Wallowian Quarterly Sales, Management, R & D, and Financial Cost Rates
In the fourth quarter, there was an increase in sales of the company's main products, with a large difference between production and sales of new energy materials/fertilizers/organamines/acetic acids and derivatives, mainly due to the self-use of some intermediate products. In the fourth quarter of 2024, the company received $164/73/25/41 billion in new energy materials/fertilizers/organamines/acetic acids and derivatives, respectively.
In 2024, the overall price of the company ' s main product was weak and the price of endamide was the same. In 2024, the prices of company urea, isocrine, nylon 6, adipic acid, hyphenamide, acetic acid, carbonate dimethyl esters were equal to 1510-2570 and nylon 6, respectively, with the price of endamide rising to the same price. In 2024, the price of pure benzene was higher.
The rest of the products, such as urea, isoctanol, adipic acid, acetic acid, carbonate, etc., are subject to market supply and demand easing, price fluctuations in raw materials, and prices are falling. In the fourth quarter of 2024, urea entered agriculture.
In the lean season, industrial demand is limited, the price of coal is subdued, the cost side is weakened, the market supply and demand is relaxed, and urea prices are driven down. Spring tilling has started since March, demand for fertilizer has been released, compost procurement has increased, industrial demand has improved, international gas prices at the end of the cost have led to a strong global fertilizer industry, and urea prices have increased.
The company actively promotes projects to increase product capacity and enhance market competitiveness. In 2024, the company Meramine resin monolithic material and product optimization project, the nylon 66 high-end new material project, a self-dipose device, was successfully put into production, leading to an increase in the company’s capacity to produce.
The bdo and nmp integration projects, as well as other technological adaptations and construction-in-progress projects, are progressing well as planned.
x, maintaining a “better than the city” rating. Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.