Deutsche Bank
Markets Research
Rating
Date
Company
CITS
Buy
Forecast Change
Asia
China
Bloomberg
Exchange Ticker
Reuters
Consumer
601888.SS
601888 CG
SHH
Hotels / Leisure /
Gaming
Top pick and our conviction Buy
Tallan Zhou
Karen Tang
Research Analyst
Research Analyst
Consensus may not fully capture company's growth, short term and long term
We raise our target price for CITS by 37.5% to RMB55, from RMB40.
Management has publicly guided that its duty-free business is likely to see
Key changes
growth of over 60% yoy for FY2017. Also, we believe consensus hasn't
factored in profit from Beijing Airport, the potential opening of a downtown
duty-free store and the consolidation of duty-free in Shanghai Airport. Given its
robust and sustainable growth, high barriers to entry and attractive valuation,
CITS has become our conviction Buy for 2018.
Profit from BCIA should be higher than the consensus estimate
We expect RMB6.6bn duty-free sales from BCIA (T2 & T3) in 2018. We believe
the market is overly concerned with the high concessionaire rate from Beijing
Airport: 1) during the transitional 12m, CITS will pay the original concessionaire
Price/price relative
rate agreed with Sunrise, and 2) there is still room for GM improvement, given
the size-up (CITS' duty-free GP margin was only c.45% vs. Dufry's 60% in
2016). We estimate RMB623m profit contribution for 2017 and RMB349m for
We have grown more confident on Haitang Bay duty-free sales after our recent
channel checks. We expect duty-free sales to hit RMB6.55bn in 2017, yoy
growth of 43%, and to grow another 28% in 2018. Our channel check found
that there are two new additions of luxury hotel resorts (new supply of 800-
1,000 rooms) in Haitang Bay every year to meet the strong demand from
domestic travelers. We also believe Atlantis and Haichang Ocean Park, two in-
progress theme parks could add another 5-6m travelers to Haitang Bay. All
these incremental travelers should benefit duty-free sales' long-term growth.
Two more significant catalysts may double current profit – not priced in yet
We believe the current share price hasn't fully factored in two near-mid-term
catalysts: a downtown duty-free store and consolidation of duty-free business
in Shanghai Pudong/Hongqiao Airports. These two events are likely to bring a
further c.RMB1.2bn in earnings to CITS, which is 35% on top of our 2018E.
Valuation and risks
Our TP of RMB55 implies a forward PER of 24x on our 2018 earnings
forecasts, which we believe is very attractive, given that the duty-free business
is protected and enjoys barriers to entry in China. We derive our TP based on
DCF (8.1% WACC, 9% cost of equity, beta of 0.9 and 3.0% TGR, unchanged).
Key downside risks include 1) unfavorable government policy, 2) ecommerce
competition, 3) delays in lifting shopping quota, and 4) competition from OTAs.
DB EPS is fully diluted and excludes non-recurring items
Deltitsche BankuAG/Hongokismgal prices for past years and spot prices for current and future years, except P/B which uses
Deutsche Bank does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. Thus, investors should
be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the obDistributed on: 10/11/2017 15:09:34 GMT
consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST
CERTIFICATIONS ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MCI (P) 083/04/2017. THE CONTENT MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED IN
THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA ("THE PRC") (EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE LAWS AND
REGULATIONS OF PRC), EXCLUDING SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE REGIONS OF HONG KONG AND MACAU.
Company Profile
China's leading travel agency and duty-free store
17E
18E
19E
= EBITDA Margin
EBIT Margin
Growth & Profitability
Tallan Zhou
Beijing Airport profit seems
under-estimated
Profit from BCIA seems higher than consensus
Concessionaire rate followed previous agreement during 6+6 transitional
period
We believe the market is overly concerned about the high concessionaire rate
(c.43.5% for T3 and 47.5% for T2) from Beijing Airport. As per management
disclosure on the 3Q17 earnings conference call, CITS will pay the original
concessionaire rate (c.20-30%) agreed with Sunrise during the next transitional
6-12 months.
Consensus has not fully factored in profit from BCIA
CITS seems to be more aggressive after taking over the operations of Beijing
Airport by introducing more international cosmetic brands to meet consumers'
desire to trade-up. As a result, we expect its top line to post a c.20% CAGR
during 2017-2019E and there will likely be improvement in the gross margin,
driven by the size-up.
As a result, we expect duty-free sales from BCIA (T2 & T3) to deliver RMB6.6bn
in 2018E and we estimate it could contribute an incremental RMB623m in
profit (concessionaire rate of 25%) for 2017E and c.RMB350m (concessionaire
rate of 36%) for 2018E.
Haitang Bay's long-term
growth looks more firm
Expect visitor CAGR in Haitang Bay to be 20% 2017-19E
2017 YTD, visitor growth in Sanya is 12% yoy.
According to Sanya City Statistics, the number of tourists who stay overnight
increased by 12.2% yoy to 12.8 million in 9M17. We expect Sanya to enjoy
15% traffic growth in 2018-2019E as shown in the chart below. Haitang Bay is
a comprehensive tourist destination with a shopping mall, resort and
entertainment. Therefore, we expect Haitang Bay's tourists will register a 20%
CAGR in 2018-2019E as more people are willing to stay there.
Source: Deutsche Bank, Sanya City Statistics
New addition of hotel supply in Haitang Bay is sufficient
Currently, visitors to Haitang Bay rarely have any night life, except to stay in
the hotel resorts. As it is the only shopping mall in Haitang Bay, we believe
most overnight visitors will visit the mall for shopping/fun in the evening.
Therefore, we also have channel-checked the luxury hotel resort pipeline in
Haitang Bay.
On average, three more new luxury hotels opening every year
As shown in the table below, more than 10 luxury hotel resorts will start
business in Haitang Bay over the next three years. We have seen incremental
hotel room numbers of c.800-1,000 every year to accommodate the robust
growth of visitors in Haitang Bay. Normally, CITS will work with these hotels
on shuttle bus arrangements.
Three more leisure resorts/parks to extend visitors' stay
As we mentioned earlier, most visitors have no leisure events in the evening,
other than to spend time in the hotel resorts. We believe two more thematic
park/resorts will further extend visitors' stay length in Haitang Bay.
1) Atlantis to open in early 2018E
The world's third Atlantis Hotel Resort is scheduled to open at the beginning of
2018. Atlantis is only 3km away from the duty-free shopping mall. Therefore,
we believe the establishment of Atlantis will direct sufficient visitors towards
the shopping mall.
Atlantis Resort is not only a luxury hotel (with 1,314 rooms) but also a
water park, located only 3km from the Haitang Bay duty-free shopping
mall.
We expect Atlantis to attract an incremental 3-4 million visitors to the
Haitang Bay area in 2018E
2) Haichang Dream World will start operations in early-2019E
Haichang Dream World is scheduled to start operation by the end of 2018E.
The project is invested by Haichang Ocean Park (2255.HK, Non-rated),
a leading developer and operator of ocean theme parks in China.
Management disclosed that Haichang theme park is expected to
attract c.5-6 million tourists in its mature stage.
3) Island project in Haitang Bay DFS open in 2019E
The Island project is owned by CITS, and is opposite the current duty-free
shopping mall. The Island project is positioned to be an entertainment complex
comprising catering, dining and entertainment. The Haitang Bay Island project
will start operation by the end of 2018E.
CITS has invested RMB840m in the construction of the Island project.
As the ancillary commercial property for Haitang Bay DFS, the Island
project mainly focuses on providing catering and entertainment
facilities for traffic from Haitang Bay.
Management disclosed that the project has been under construction
since the beginning of 2017 and it plans to start operations by the end
of 2018E.
Source: Deutsche Bank
Two potential catalysts
Two more catalysts could double profit
Management guided that they are in progress
There are two more projects that CITS is working on but the timeline is not
certain: 1) to take over the duty-free business of the airports in Shanghai, and
to open a downtown duty-free store in Beijing.
As those two projects are policy driven, it is difficult to analyze the timing in
executing these projects. However, we believe they could be the catalysts for
the share price in the medium term. We have performed a sensitivity analysis
on the earnings and risk-reward here.
Conclusion: we believe the duty-free business in Shanghai airports and the
downtown duty-free store in Beijing are likely to contribute c.RMB1.2bn net
profit to CITS (note that our 2018E earnings forecast for CITS is RMB3.4bn)
Catalyst No. 1 – Shanghai HQ/PD airport
Sunrise's duty-free operation license is expected to expire in 2018. Therefore,
the market has been expecting CITS to take over the operation rights in two
airports in Shanghai. We believe winning BCIA is a milestone for CITS and
taking over from Sunrise in Shanghai could follow the same process.
Shanghai Airport (Pudong + Hongqiao) currently enjoys annual
International traffic of c.40 million (35 million in Pudong and 5 million
in Honggiao).
Although there is no public data for Sunrise's (the current duty-free
operator) sales numbers for the existing Shanghai Hongqiao, we
estimate that duty-free stores in Shanghai airport are likely to generate
c.RMB7-8bn duty-free sales, higher than BCIA.
If we assign a 7-8% net margin to the business, CITS is likely to
generate another RMB490-640m net profit.
Catalyst No. 2 – Downtown Duty-Free in Beijing
The competitive advantage of downtown duty-free is that 1) length of stay is
much longer than for duty-free in the airports, 2) the ticket price is higher, and
3) CITS doesn't have to pay concessionaire to the airports.
Located in Beijing's Central Business District, the downtown duty-free store in
Beijing is currently only open to foreigners (including people from Hong Kong,
Macau and Taiwan).
Due to such restrictions, the current traffic volume is quite small. However,
management disclosed that the company is actively applying for permission
from the Ministry of Finance to extend the purchase qualification to domestic
citizens who go abroad.
Earnings upside potential from downtown duty-free
If the downtown duty-free is approved by the Chinese government, we believe
it could contribute an additional c.RMB600m net profit to CITS, on top of our
current estimate.
No need to pay concessionaire fee to BCIA - customers can get their
duty-free products in airports, but CITS doesn't have to pay 40%+
concessionaire sales to BCIA if the purchase happens in the
downtown duty-free store.
Higher ticket price - customers tend to shop more in the downtown
DFS than the airport DFS, mainly due to the better shopping
environment and more diversified brands and commodities. Taking
in 2016. Per person purchases in BCIA are less than RMB1,000.
Sensitivity analysis on earnings potential upside
We have performed a sensitivity analysis on how much upside downtown
duty-free can contribute to our 2018 earnings estimate.
Net margin – we assign a 15% net margin gap between Downtown
and Airport DFS, due to their rent cost difference.
Portion of international traffic – we assign 25% as the portion of total
international traffic that will likely shop in Downtown DFS. Note that
the international traffic of BCIA was 25 million in 2016, we assume a
25% duty-free conversion rate.
Ticket price - we conservatively assume consumption per visit in
Downtown DFS will be RMB2,000 (vs. c.4,700 in Haitang Bay in 2016).
As a result, we estimate additional earnings could be c.RMB600m,
which accounts for c. 17% of our 2018E CITS earnings.
Forecast changes and
Valuation
Forecast changes
DB estimates vs. Consensus
Lifting our TP to RMB55 from RMB40 before
We believe CITS's valuation is very attractive at 24x our 2018 earnings
forecast, as the duty-free business is protected and enjoys barriers to entry in
China.
Our TP of RMB55 implies a forward PER of 24x on our 2018 earnings
forecasts. We derive our TP based on DCF (8.1% WACC, 9% cost of equity,
beta of 0.9 and 3.0% TGR, unchanged).
WACC of 8.1%, unchanged
Target of 80% equity for its capital structure
A risk-free rate of 3.9% and market risk premium of 5.6% (our in-
house estimates)
A beta of 0.9, unchanged
Cost of equity of 9%
Cost of debt of 6.0% (our in-house estimates)
Terminal growth of 3%
A tax rate of 25% (for terminal growth)
We also roll over our DCF and increase our 2020-2027E revenue CAGR
to 10% from the previous 5% only.
Risk-reward seems attractive
We believe the risk-reward profile is attractive. Our target price implies 35%
upside potential.
Bull case: If we factor in the two catalysts in our DCF model, the
upside could be as high as 62%.
Bear case: If we lower our revenue growth to zero from year 2020 in
our DCF model, the target price would be RMB36, implying the
downside risk to its close is 14%.
Source: Deutsche Bank, Bloomberg Finance LP
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates
The authors of this report wish to acknowledge the contribution made by
Mengyi (Matt) Zhang, an employee of CRISIL Global Research & Analytics, a
division of CRISIL Limited, a third-party provider of offshore research support
services to Deutsche Bank
Important Disclosures
Prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session unless otherwise indicated and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors . Other
information is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other sources. For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the
primary subject of this research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our website at
"Disclosures Lookup" and "Legal" tabs. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing.
Important Disclosures Required by U.S. Regulators
Disclosures marked with an asterisk may also be required by at least one jurisdiction in addition to the United States.
See Important Disclosures Required by Non-US Regulators and Explanatory Notes.
14. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has received non-investment banking related compensation from this company
within the past year.
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s) about the
subject issuer and the securities of the issuer. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive
any compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in this report. Tallan Zhou
Historical recommendations and target price: CITS (601888.SS)
(as of 11/9/2017)
Equity rating key
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total
share-holder return (TSR = percentage change in
share price from current price to projected target price
plus pro-jected dividend yield), we recommend that
investors buy the stock.
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-
holder return, we recommend that investors sell the
stock
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months
out and, based on this time horizon, do not
recommend either a Buy or Sell.
Newly issued research recommendations and target
prices supersede previously published research.
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively
"Deutsche Bank"). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-
party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor
is responsible for the accuracy or security controls of these websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this
report, or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche
Bank may act as principal for its own account or as agent for another person.
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its own
account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those
taken in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis,
equity-linked analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication
may differ from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies or
otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes on.
Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes investment
banking, trading and principal trading revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do
not necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides
liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts
sometimes have shorter-term trade ideas that are consistent or inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer term
conviction belief by an analyst that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or sector delineated over a
time frame of no less than two weeks. In addition to SOLAR ideas, the analysts named in this report may from time to
time discuss with our clients, Deutsche Bank salespersons and Deutsche Bank traders, trading strategies or ideas that
reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return
or investment return as described herein. Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to
otherwise notify a recipient thereof if any opinion, forecast or estimate contained herein changes or subsequently
becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the frequency of changes in market conditions and in both general and company
specific economic prospects make it difficult to update research at defined intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion
of the coverage analyst concerned or of the Research Department Management and as such the majority of reports are
published at irregular intervals. This report is provided for informational purposes only and does not take into account
the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation
of an offer to buy or sell any financial instruments or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are
inherently imprecise and a product of the analyst’s judgment. The financial instruments discussed in this report may not
be suitable for all investors and investors must make their own informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of
financial instruments are subject to change without notice and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of
price fluctuations and other factors. If a financial instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's
currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely affect the investment. Past performance is not necessarily
indicative of future results. Unless otherwise indicated, prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session,
and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors. Data is sourced from Deutsche Bank,
subject companies, and in some cases, other parties.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business areas divisions of the Bank. Details regarding
our organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect
available
website
under
Disclaimer
found
our
research
our
the
Legal
tab.
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise
to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed rate instruments (thus receiving these cash
flows), increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a
loss. The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the
loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse
macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation
(including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency
convertibility (which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or the liquidation of positions), and
settlement issues related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors to be considered. The sensitivity of fixed
income instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to
FX depreciation, or to specified interest rates – these are common in emerging markets. It is important to note that the
index fixings may -- by construction -- lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended
to track. The choice of the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon
rates (i.e., coupons indexed to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. It is
also important to acknowledge that funding in a currency that differs from the currency in which coupons are
denominated carries FX risk. Naturally, options on swaps (swaptions) also bear the risks typical to options in addition to
risks
related
the
rates
movements.
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including, among others, market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk.
The appropriateness or otherwise of these products for use by investors is dependent on the investors' own
circumstances including their tax position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and
liabilities, and as such, investors should take expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar
to or inspired by the contents of this publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can
be substantial. As a result of the high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be
incurred that are greater than the amount of funds initially deposited. Trading in options involves risk and is not suitable
for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an option investors must review the "Characteristics and Risks of Standardized
website please contact your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: (i)
exchange rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by
numerous market factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and
debt markets and changes in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government imposed
exchange controls which could affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are
affected by the currency of an underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at
review this information before investing.
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and all affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial
adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you, any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any information
provided in the materials attached hereto. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice,
Deutsche Bank is not acting as Your impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever
as to any strategies, products or any other information presented in the materials. Information contained herein is being
provided solely on the basis that the recipient will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment
decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any
trading strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or
account type, and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in
making Your decision. The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially
sophisticated, who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to
particular transactions and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the
offering of its products and services. If this is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this
from
inform
directly
ask
that
immediately.
us,
you
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA, NFA and
SIPC. Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates that are not subject to FINRA
regulations.
Germany: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock corporation with limited liability incorporated
in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under
German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany's Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority.
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at Winchester
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial
Conduct Authority. Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
Hong Kong: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited.
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Pvt Ltd, which is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(SEBI) as a stock broker. Research Analyst SEBI Registration Number is INH000001741. DEIPL may have received
administrative warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations.
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA,
Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks
involved in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by
multiplying the transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to
losses as a result of share price fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional
losses stemming from foreign exchange fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories
of investment advice, products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk
of losses to principal and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in
market value. Before deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should carefully read the
relevant disclosures, prospectuses and other documentation. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in
this report are not registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the
name of the entity. Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank
Group's analysts with the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the foreign securities stated on this report are
not disclosed according to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's
equity analysts are based on a 12-month forecast period.
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co.
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register
Number
South
1998/003298/10).
Africa:
Singapore: This report is issued by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Singapore
Branch (One Raffles Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 048583, +65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect
of any matters arising from, or in connection with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated in Singapore
to a person who is not an accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as defined in the applicable
Singapore laws and regulations), they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank
research may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without
written consent. Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and
is not to be construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments. Deutsche Securities Asia Limited,
Taipei
clients
securities/instruments.
Branch
not
execute
transactions
for
these
may
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may only undertake the financial services activities that fall
within the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower,
West Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related
financial products or services are only available to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority.
Russia: This information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute,
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia LLC Company, (registered no. 07073-37) is regulated by the
Capital Market Authority. Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia may only undertake the financial services activities that fall
within the scope of its existing CMA license. Principal place of business in Saudi Arabia: King Fahad Road, Al Olaya
District,
P.O.
Box
301809,
Faisaliah
Tower
17th
Floor,
Riyadh,
Saudi
Arabia.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the financial services
activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai
International Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been
distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are only available to Professional Clients, as
defined by the Dubai Financial Services Authority.
Australia: Retail clients should obtain a copy of a Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) relating to any financial product
referred to in this report and consider the PDS before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. Please
refer
Australian
specific
research
disclosures
related
information
and
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act respectively.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Copyright © 2017 Deutsche Bank AG
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Steve Pollard
Raj Hindocha
Michael Spencer
Global Chief Operating Officer
Head of APAC Research
Head of Americas Research
Global Head of Economics
Research
Global Head of Equity Research
Paul Reynolds
Dave Clark
Pam Finelli
Anthony Klarman
Global Head of
Head of EMEA
Head of APAC
Global Head of
Debt Research
Equity Research
Equity Research
Equity Derivatives Research
Andreas Neubauer
Spyros Mesomeris
Head of Research - Germany
Global Head of Quantitative
and QIS Research
International locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank Place
2-11-1 Nagatacho
Filiale Hongkong
60329 Frankfurt am Main
International Commerce Centre,
Sanno Park Tower
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets
Germany
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Japan
Australia
Deutsche Bank AG London
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
1 Great Winchester Street
60 Wall Street
London EC2N 2EQ
United Kingdom
United States of America