Business and Industry Bank (601398): Reduction of interest differential pressure, overall stability of asset quality Expedited by increased government financing and faster growth of financial investment; deceleration of growth in general public lending due to weak demand and hidden debt swaps. Total q4 assets grew slightly faster than q3 in 2024, mainly driven by non-credit financial assets: one side
In the case of public credit, the growth in general lending was significantly weaker than in the same period last year, and led to a slight slowdown in total lending. Although the general lending was weak, the discounting of instruments increased significantly in the same year, characterized by a combination of q2, q3.
Similarly, it reflects the firm’s efforts to raise bill discounts to maintain a steady growth in credit. q4 individual credit growth was significantly better than last year’s, with a marked improvement over q2 and q3 owing, on the one hand, to an improvement in sales end after interest rates fell and a slowdown in pre-payment margins; and, on the other hand, the firm’s efforts towards less resistance in the area of credit cards and faster growth in overdrafts. q1 “open door red” letters this year.
Loans exceed expectations, laying the foundation for steady growth in credit during the year. Credits under tariff pressure have only increased their level of support to entities, have increased their level of government financing, and are expected to grow faster in terms of the size of their assets.
In 2024, q2, the financial “crowding” affected the net flow of bank deposits, which was significantly weaker than seasonal, causing deposits to fall at a significantly higher rate than m2. q3, the “crowding” effect was largely eliminated, and the increase in deposits stabilized. q4 deposits recovered at a rate of m2, reflecting the positive impact of increased fiscal power on the supply of money.
The degree of periodicization of deposits continues to rise with the industry, on the one hand, through cooperative deposit-pricing restrictions on demand-management deposits, Business and Industry Bank (601398): The rate of interest payments is clearly having a significant negative impact, and on the other hand, the financial cycle between individuals and the enterprise sector continues to be blocked in the last year, in a context of weak demand.
Since “9.24”, active fiscal, real estate and consumer-promoting policies have continued to work, with positive effects on deposit structures. This year q1 Business and Industry Bank (601398): Growth in scale. Business demand deposits have improved marginally, with follow-up attention to the continuing impact of real estate and consumer warming on deposit structures.
One step down, asset quality stable one \triangleright, Business and Industry Bank (601398): Low credit growth
4bps, a decrease of 5bps in the same year, a sharper decrease of q3 than in the same year. q4 interest rates were measured at 2.98%, and the ring decreased by 5bps, a decline of about 20bps in the same year, a smaller decline of q3. The decline in interest rates continued, partly because of the impact of the lower interest rate on lpr, stock, housing loans, on the one hand, and partly because of the impact of higher government debt issuances and lower interest rates in recent years.
The low-interest bond ratio in the bond portfolio has increased. The narrow fall in interest rates is mainly due to the more moderate impact of the q4 heavy-pricing.
If the policy reduces interest rates and causes downward pressure on assets, or triggers a new round of deposit cuts. Overall, while the asset end is still under pressure, the pressure on the spread is smoother due to the apparent impact of the liability end buffer.
In 2024, q4 fees and commissions were significantly reduced, mainly through improvements in the management of money and private banking, bank cards, and trust operations, which, on the one hand, related to the low level of insurance “compatibility” and, on the other hand, to financial management.
At this stage, fees and commission revenue are still constrained by changes in the rates of administration. However, the current regulatory support for capital markets is strong, if the market is active.
With the combined effect, fees and commissions are expected to recover weakly. Poor rates are generally stable, individual lending pressures persist, and public renewal improves.
In terms of indicators, the ratio of interest to overdue loans continues to rise, mainly as a result of individual lending. In 2024, the upward trend in the banking sector was more pronounced, reflecting rising income and employment pressures, and industry and industry trends. Since last year’s 9.24, there has been greater relief, residents have reduced pressure on repayments, and a more prudent treatment of risks by the stacking bank is expected.
One loan risk is manageable. However, given the pressures that still exist at the macro level, one loan risk point needs further observation. On the public side, poor rates continue to decline in such sectors as manufacturing, rental and commercial services, real estate, and wholesale retailing, which rebounds, and overall asset quality continues to improve.
The overall quality of assets is expected to remain stable, influenced by positive factors such as good volume and poor handling – and prudent – and is expected to remain stable. In this context, sound operations are expected; (2) the Ministry of Finance’s investment in state-owned banks will boost market confidence in state-owned businesses; and (3) corporate dividends are stable and interest rates are high, and they are more attractive to funds such as insurance, pensions, passive funds, etc. We maintain an “upscaling” rating.
Total size and speed of assets of business banks, right axis: billions of yuan. Figure 2 Size and pace of financial investment of business banks. Figure 3 Size and speed of total loans of business banks. Right axis: billions.
Figure 4 Size of new loans by business banks q4 for the calendar year, in billions of yuan, size and rate of increase of deposits by business banks, left axis: billion yuan, structure of deposits by business banks
Figure 7 Business Bank Single Quarterly Net Interest Differences and Change in Year-on-Year, Figure 8 Business Bank Biannual Charges and Commission Income: Billion, Figure 9 Business Bank Bad Rates, Concerns and Overdue Rates
Figure 10 Business Banks ' Poor Lending Rates (BBS) Figure 11 Business Banks ' Unperforming Rates of Public Loans Series, using data on legal compliance, careful presentation of research findings, and independent and objective presentation of this report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.