At the end of q1, corporate capital finance was driven by corporate capital, and investment in business bank bonds continued to increase. On the public credit side, the growth in general lending was slightly slower than last year’s, with a slight slowdown in total lending growth; the discounting of bills was clearly superseasonal.
Under tariff pressure, credit support to entities has increased or not, and government financing has remained high, and the size of business and banking assets is expected to grow faster with the industry. Deposit growth continues to pick up slightly; attention is paid to the positive impact of macro-policies on the structure of deposits.
The effect of “water” is that the net outflow of bank deposits from business and industry is significantly weaker than seasonal, resulting in a significant drop in deposits at a significantly higher rate than that of m2. In 2024, q3 “crowding” affected the basic elimination of deposits and the steady increase in deposits. q4 deposits increased at a significant rate in 2024.
The negative impact of term deposits is greater, on the other hand, because the financial cycle between the individual and the enterprise sector continues to be blocked in a context of weak demand. Since last year’s 9.24, active fiscal, real estate and consumer-promoting policies have continued to work, with positive effects on deposit structure, Business and Industry Bank (601398): interest differential pressure has slowed down.
This year, q1 businesses have seen marginal improvements in their current deposits, following up on the continuing impact of real estate and consumer warming on the structure of the deposits.
The interest rate has fallen considerably, partly because of lpr, stock mortgages, Business and Industry Bank (601398): growth in size, with higher pricing rates, and partly because of the high level of government debt issued in recent years and lower interest rates.
One step down, asset quality stability – companies 33bps, mainly multi-wheel deposit-reduced heavy pricing, management of “manually-supplemented” and peer-to-peer pricing have shown their re-pricing effects. For post-capitalized cities, the impact of stock-based housing loan interest rates and the downside of lpr will still be on the q2 rate.
At the end of the debt, the continued decline in interest rates since late March is expected to cushion asset end pressures if Ipr causes downward pressure on assets or triggers a new round of interest cuts. On balance, the impact of the debt end buffers is clear, with differential pressures or flattening.
At this stage, fees and commissions continue to be subject to changes in the rates of administration, although their effects are gradually diluted. Moreover, the current regulatory level is more supportive of the capital market.
If market activity continues to rise, wealth management revenue is resilient. Adding the base of q2-q3 over the year to a low base, with an overall stable rate of bad hand and expected pressure on individual loans is manageable. Benefiting from a good customer base, the overall asset quality of the industry remains robust.
The upward trend is more pronounced, reflecting rising income and employment pressures on the population, and industry and industry trends. Over the last year, in “9.24,” there was a greater policy reduction, pressure on the population to repay loans was reduced, the risk treatment of risks by the stacking bank was more prudent, and the risk of lending was expected to be manageable. However, given the pressures on the macro level, there is still a need for further observation.
The overall asset quality of industries such as manufacturing, leasing and commercial services, and real estate is expected to continue to improve steadily. Overall, while a loan disturbance still exists, the overall asset quality is expected to remain stable, influenced by positive factors such as good quality of public assets and poor handling.
Profit predictions and investment recommendations: q1 is a high-pricing peak, with a sharp decline in interest differentials, with a build-up of debt-market adjustments affecting investment gains and a single-quarter shift in revenue. In a situation of income under control, the company controls the loss of management costs and impairments properly, achieving a reduction in return for the parent profit is roughly compatible with the end of the income. Debt-end funds and deposit rates are cushioned by a relative restraint in the decline in policy interest rates
In addition, intermediate operating income is expected to remain sound in an environment of increased pressure, owing to the impact of tariff reforms and capital markets. 1) Industry clients are well based and diversified and are expected to operate well; 2) Ministry of Finance investment in State-owned banks will boost market confidence in State-owned businesses; 3) companies have a high rate of dividends and dividends;
Long-line funds such as insurance, social security funds, passive funds, etc. are more attractive, and we maintain an “enhanced” rating.
Figure 4 Size of new loans by business banks q1 in billions of yuan, Figure 5 Size and acceleration of bank deposits by business banks, Figure 6 Structure of bank deposits by business and industry
Figure 7 Business Bank Single Quarterly Net Interest Differences and Change in Year-on-Year, Figure 8 Business Bank Biannual Charges and Commission Income: Billion, Figure 9 Business Bank Bad Rates, Concerns and Overdue Rates
Figure 10 Business Banks ' Poor Lending Rates (BBS) Figure 11 Business Banks ' Unperforming Rates of Public Loans Series, using data on legal compliance, careful presentation of research findings, and independent and objective presentation of this report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.