Incident: 3rd Quarterly Report 2021 issued by China Shinhua. During the reporting period, the company earned revenue from its operations.
In the third quarter, the company achieved a business income of 88,970 million yuan, a 45.6 per cent increase in the same year, an increase in the ring profit of $14,725 million, a 14.1 per cent increase in the same year and a 2.2 per cent increase in the ring; and a deduction from the net return to the mother net profits Coal plate: a small decline in the sale of q3 production rings, with prices continuing to rise.
Coal production of 224 million tons (yoy+3.5 per cent) and sales of 362 million tons (yoy+11.8 per cent), combined coal sales price of 537 million yuan/tons increased by 32.9 per cent in the same year, and income from the coal plate industry increased by 48.0 per cent in the same year by 1997 771 million yuan; of this, q3 coal production increased by 72 million tons.
A 3.7 per cent decline in the ring ratio and a 47.9 per cent increase in the same year, a 17.6 per cent increase in the ring ratio and a 74.020 million increase in the business income of the coal plate (Yoy+10.8 per cent), with an increase in workers ' wages and social security contributions, resulting in labour costs
Increase of 18.7 per cent; increase in unserviceable security fee and other costs 20.3 per cent, in addition to a combination of increased sales of extra coal and higher purchase price factors, a 50.4 per cent increase in business cost per year for coal plates, resulting in a slight decrease in the Māori rate (25.1 per cent) compared to the same period
The power plate: the price of electricity has risen slightly, so as to counter the negative impact of high coal prices on performance. The Chinese Gospel has achieved 1,230.3 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity and 11,529 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity sales during the reporting period.
18.2%, with a weighted average price of $336/MWh, a slight increase over the same period last year (J$ 334/MWh). As a result of the increase in the volume of electricity sold, the revenue from the power plate (J$ 45.319 billion) increased by 27.2% over the same period, the cost of operating was significantly higher than the increase in the cost of coal combustion.
49.8 per cent, resulting in a 13.1 percentage point decline in the overall Māori rate of the same year for the power plate. Four quarters are forecast to account for high coal prices and the cost of coal combustion will be high, but on October 11, 2021, the National Development and Reform Commission issued a circular on further deepening the market-based changes in electricity prices for coal-fired electricity.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., accompanied by the orderly liberalization of all coal-fired electricity prices online and increased market-trading electricity prices
In China, the price of electricity is expected to rise even further, and Beijing City West Side City City is stunned by the pressure to increase the cost of coal combustion, or the negative impact of high coal prices on the profitability of the power plate.
Transport and Coal Chemicals: Business volume increased on an equal basis and operational efficiency increased simultaneously. During the reporting period, 22,160 billion tons of rail transport turnover (Yoy+6.2 per cent), 192.9 million tons of sewage coal sales (Yoy+4.7 per cent) and 91.1 million tons of shipping freight (Yoy+9.2 per cent) were generated.
Coalized industrial sales (polyethylene + polypropylene) 530.2 kt (yoy + 1.0%). Of this, three quarters were affected by a small decline in coal sales and equipment shutdowns, and transport and coalification.
Kilometres (ring ratio - 6.0%), 60.7 million tons (ring ratio - 8.3%) of sales in water in ports, 159.1 thousand tons (ring ratio - 14.7%) of sales in coalification (polyethylene + polypropene).
This represents an increase of $1,651 million, mainly due to the overpayment of q2 income tax by some coal sub-companies when they account for the previous year's corporate income tax, resulting in a low income tax of $2,773 million in the second quarter (14.1 per cent of the income tax rate) and a return to normal income tax payments (income tax) in the third quarter.
20.8 per cent; 2) Second quarter revalued by the New South Wales Government of Australia (100 million Australian dollars) after withdrawal from development interest in the Watermark project, resulting in $469 million in asset disposal proceeds, which had not significantly changed as of the end of the third quarter; 3) third quarter
Increased losses in alliances and joint ventures, including power plants, have resulted in an increase in investment earnings of $372 million over losses; and (4) a decline in sales of coal production, railway turnover and coal-chemicals, and an increase in the cost of combustible coal combustion has resulted in poor profitability of the power plate and a combined three-quarter elasticity of performance.
Profit predictions and investment ratings. Coal prices have risen significantly and will run high, and companies are expected to be characterized and stable, as well as to be growing in integrated sections that release sufficient upward elasticity to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: coal mining can release restrictions, uncertainties in industrial policies, capital spending and cash-sharing risks, and coal prices have fallen sharply. Dr. Wing Wing, China University of Mines (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineer, also serving as Sunda energy source in China
Member of the Board of Experts of the Corporation, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association, for over 10 years, for research and advice in coal and energy-related fields.
From 2019 to the present, he was in charge of research on the coal sector, and the China People's University, in May 2017, carried out research on the coal sector.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the China CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sinda Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.