The company's performance met expectations, and there was a steady increase in the number of orders in hand.
Research assistant Chai Ka Fai  20-year income + 19%, profit + 12%, of which o4 is more impaired, income growth and operating profits are expected. The company publishes its annual report for 2020, which will be collected in 2020.
38.502 billion yuan, i.e. +18.75 per cent of the year; net return to the mother is 4,852 million yuan, i.e. +11.71 per cent of the year. +349 million, i.e. + 208 million/+086 million, respectively, have a greater impact on profits, taking into account this impact 31 billion (+10 per cent) of the operating cost and 4.7 billion (+10 per cent) of the period. q3 increase in grid automation.
A slight upswing, with a 20-year break-up of the business climate cycle. A significant acceleration of grid automation plate h2 and a break-down of business towards the weather cycle. Twenty years of grid automation and industrial controls generated $21.53 billion, or +16.4 per cent, of which H2 earned 1.66 billion, the same amount.
A significant acceleration over +25.8%. The Māori rate and carbon have increased in the context of the increased proportion of business offering overall solutions: 1) 20 years of development of a new-generation dispatch system, 21 years of expected succession, and Nanxi continues to dominate; 2) new-generation smart meters
In 20 years, the second round of tenders was launched, with expectations for full price increases from 21 years onwards; 3) network deployments are focused, and the remodelling of the network accelerates and improves the climate.
▪ Power grids continue to be high, and information and communication services have increased. Information and communication services generated 6.5 billion dollars in 2020, building base operations have grown, and the Māori rate has fallen by 5.2 pct to 20.1 per cent. In 20 years, the network has invested a total of 24.7 billion dollars in new digital infrastructure, implementing digital platforms, large energy data centres, large power generation.
According to the ten major “digital new infrastructure” priorities, such as applications, 5g applications, industrial goods networking, power berth applications, etc., Swe continues to assume the central support role of the national network's “energy Internet” strategy, promoting digital integration of new platforms and targeting technologies such as the Great Clouds Brain Chain in the field of energy power.
Integrating innovations and applications, active deployment of cloud-based technologies, such as power distribution, power use, electricity trading, supporting grid-based national cloud, cloud-management, data center, business center, smart property platform, accelerating the development of major data centres at all levels, multistation integration, development of 5g applicable products, etc., are not expected to be available.
▪ There has been a steady increase in follow-on and forward operations, with robust and overstretched short-term pressure, but “145” of which h2 has revenues of $4.6 billion, with speeds proposed by the same ratio +7 per cent, followed by robust business growth and a drop in revenue due to the completion of prior-period orders. The Māori ratio is equal to +3.5 pct to 38.1 per cent.”
Review: Headline growth ups and information and communication continues, with super-pressure, especially as a major mode of long-range transmission of new energy sources, 2020-11-01
Expectations continue to accelerate, with approvals for 20 years for “two straight” (White Crane Beach-Gangsu, Kanaeng Network 3, State Electric Nang Swe (600406); “always” completed research (White Crane Beach-Zejiang); and “three straight” completed pre-research (Tung Dong-Tung)
Remark: Continued high information and communication, main industry marginality, routes, Nanry's direct core equipment switch valve status is strong and orders and revenues are expected to recover
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: As a result of accounting adjustments, it is expected that there will be more impairments in the future, with a downward adjustment of 20 years of income over + 19 per cent, profit over profit over profit + 12 per cent, of which q4 will be subject to greater impairments and income growth and operating profits as expected. The company will publish its annual report for 2020, yielding revenues of $38.502 billion in 2020, or +18.75 per cent;
Realising a net return to the mother of $4.852 billion, or +11.71%. Of this total, 2020q4 generated $18.405 billion, corresponding to an increase in the share of total solutions, integrated packages, which led to a decline in Māori operations. 2020 Māori 5.30 pct. Power grid automation panels, electricity automation information communications, integration and other packages, resolution
The increase in the share of programme-type operations has led to a decline in the Māori ratio; the increase in the Māori ratio of successive electricity protection and flexible direct transmissions, generation of electricity, and hydro-friendly plates. Neptune has signed a new 25.5 billion bill, or +9.9 per cent; at the end of the period, the hand order was 45.6 billion, or +14.4 per cent.
Table 2: Fragmentation of the country's main camp H2 grid automation plate, with a significant increase in speed and a break-down of the business towards a booming cycle. Twenty-five years of grid automation and industrial controls generated $21.53 billion, or +16.4 per cent, of which H2 received 1.66 billion, with a marked acceleration of +25.8 per cent.
The increase in the proportion of total solutions operations provided by the plate has resulted in a 2.4- to 26.3 per cent decline in the Māori rate over the same period. The overall investment in the grid is expected to continue to grow robustly this year, with multiple sub-business scenarios rising in the “double carbon” context: 1) 20 years of completion of the development of a new generation of dispatch systems, 21 years of expected succession and continued dominance in Nanxia; 2)
The second tender for the new generation of smart electricity tables began in 20 years, and is expected to rise at full prices from 21 years onwards; 3) network deployments are focused on accelerated re-engineering and upscaling.
Of this total, H2 earned $4.34 billion, compared to 28.3 per cent; the Māori rate fell by 5.2 pct to 20.1 per cent as a result of the growth in basic information-building operations, and NCN invested a total of $24.7 billion over 20 years in new digital infrastructure, implementing digital flats, large energy data centres, large power data applications, 5g applications, industrial goods networking, power berth applications, etc.
The ten major “digital new infrastructure” focuses on building tasks. Swe continues to assume the central role of supporting the National Network's “Energy Internet” strategy, promoting digital integration of new high-rises, targeting the innovative and integrated applications of technologies such as the Great Clouds Migration Brain Chain in the field of energy power, and actively deploying, distributing, using, trading, etc., cloud-based technologies to support the grid.
Building a national network cloud, managing clouds, data hubs, operations hubs, and intelligent goods platforms to accelerate the steady growth of major data centres at all levels, as well as of subsequent and more robust operations, with robust, high-pressure short-term pressures, but with accelerated expectations during the 14th Five-Year Plan. In 2020, insurance and straight operations generated $6.01 billion, compared to +5%, of which h2 billion was earned.
The construction is expected to continue at an accelerated pace with 20 years of “two straight” approval (White Crane Beach-Gang Su, Guan Yu Networking Direct Flow): “Always” complete researchable (White Crane Beach-Zejiang) and “Three straight” complete pre-research.
East-Shangdong, Kantung-Hubei, Hamibei- Chongqing, the 5-10-twice direct flow line is expected to be completed in 21-25 years, and Nanry’s position as a direct flow valve for TNT equipment is strong, and orders and revenues are expected to return to rapid growth. Growth in the equipment finance lease model has slowed, power generation and hydro-environmental growth has accelerated, and the Māori rate has improved rapidly.
The business model for financing and leasing of energy-efficient equipment for the network was first created in Nanwe, with rental income included in the “Integration and other” business block, which was 1.79 billion dollars in 20 years and +29 per cent in 20 years, of which H2 million was earned, while more orders were still in hand for energy-efficient equipment leasing projects in the Division, and $10.6 billion was budgeted for the “Integration and other” energy-saving equipment leasing project in construction work.
One billion dollars, or +47.5% of the same year, of which h2 million, or 1.65 billion, or +52.4% of the same year, the Māori rate of 20a, or +1.9 pct-to-favourable management performance, highlighted the overall decrease in cost rates. Companies ' costs increased by between $235 and $424 million in 2020, with a reduction of 1.76 percentage points to 1.02% in the same period. Of these, sales, management (including R & D),
The cash flow was robust, with a slight decline in pre-collected accounts and inventory. The net cash flow from operating activities in 2020 was $5.635 billion, an increase of 20.30 per cent over the previous year, of which $6,538 million was net cash from operating activities in q4; the cash flow from selling commodities was $34,935 million, an increase of 10.91 per cent over the same period. The closing advance + contractual liability was $3,687 million, a decrease from the beginning of the year.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board