WuXi AppTec (603259 CH)
Earnings recovery underway
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB72.37
WuXi AppTec reported 3Q24 revenue of RMB10.46bn, slightly down 2.0% YoY,
(Previous TP
RMB67.72)
and attributable adjusted non-IFRS net profit of RMB2.97bn, down 3.2% YoY.
Up/Downside
35.3%
Total non-COVID revenue and non-COVID Chemistry revenue growth rebounded
Current Price
RMB53.49
to 14.6% YoY and 26.4% YoY, respectively, in 3Q24. Despite the challenging
China Healthcare
geopolitical environment, mgmt. reiterated its revenue guidance of RMB38.3-
40.5bn for 2024, indicating 2.7%~8.6% YoY non-COVID revenue growth.
Jill WU, CFA
Additionally, mgmt. reiterated its commitment to maintaining an adjusted non-
IFRS net profit margin consistent with the levels achieved in 2023.
Strong global competitiveness led to fast order growth. As of 3Q24, WuXi
Benchen HUANG, CFA
AppTec's backlog climbed to RMB43.82bn, representing a YoY increase of
35.3%, maintaining the encouraging momentum of 33.2% YoY growth
Stock Data
(excluding COVID-19 commercial projects) in 1H24. The rapid backlog
growth signified the enduring trust that global clients place in WuXi AppTec's
high-quality and efficient services. This is further evidenced by a robust 23.1%
YoY rise in revenues from global Top 20 pharmaceutical companies in 9M24,
a notable acceleration from the 11.9% growth observed in 1H24.
Management has indicated that 80% of the backlog is expected to convert
Shareholding Structure
into revenue within the next 12 to 18 months, providing strong earnings
visibility for WuXi AppTec in 4Q24 and throughout 2025, in our view.
Source: Company report
TIDES continues to exhibit strong growth. TIDES revenue grew by 71.0%
YoY in 9M24, with the growth accelerating to 98.6% YoY in 3Q24. The TIDES
Share Performance
backlog as of 3Q24 saw a substantial YoY increase of 196%. In Jan 2024,
WuXi AppTec expanded its peptide production capacity from 10k liters to 32k
liters, with plans to expand to 41k liters by the end of 2024 and further to 100k
liters by 2025. This ambitious expansion underscores WuXi AppTec's
Source: FactSet
commitment to meeting the rapidly growing global demand for peptide
12-mth Price Performance
services, positioning TIDES as the strongest growth driver for the Company
through 2026.
Overseas peers struggle to compete with Chinese chemical CDMOs in
the medium term. In our in-depth report published on 21 Oct 2024, we
analyzed the business fundamentals of 30 companies from Europe, the US,
and India engaged in API and chemical CDMO services. The findings reveal
that these companies significantly trail WuXi AppTec in terms of business
Source: FactSet
scale and capacity. Specifically, most Indian peers primarily offer bulk and
specialty APIs, with limited capabilities in supporting innovative drugs R&D.
Meanwhile, European firms, despite having an established pharmaceutical
manufacturing base with several well-known chemical CDMOs, tend to focus
more on formulation instead of API. Their manufacturing sites, primarily
located in Central and Western Europe, face higher labor costs compared to
WuXi AppTec, further disadvantaging them in the competitive market.
Maintain BUY. Factoring in the positive trend of customer demand, we lift our
TP from RMB67.72 to RMB72.37 (based on a 10-year DCF model with
WACC of 9.42% and terminal growth of 2.0%). We forecast revenue to grow
by -3.6%/ +11.4%/ +13.6% YoY and adjusted non-IFRS net income to grow
by -3.9%/ +11.9%/ +15.5% YoY in 2024E/ 25E/ 26E, respectively.
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Figure 1: Earnings revision
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer
that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2)
no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will
deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.