Conch Cement-A
China
ADD
Strong volume growth offset mild weakness in gross
Consensus ratings*:
profit per tonne
3Q2019 recurring net profit grew 8% yoy, slightly better than expectations.
Sales volume (ex-trading) rose about 10% yoy in 3Q, offsetting a moderate yoy
decline in gross profit per tonne.
We raise our FY19F/20F EPS by 3%/4% to reflect the stronger volume growth.
We maintain our ADD rating and target price of Rmb45.40 (1.76x 2019F P/Bv).
A cement price hike during the peak season in 4Q should be a major catalyst in the
near term.
3Q2019 results slightly exceeded market expectations
was Rmb23.8bn (up 15% yoy), equivalent to 76% of the full-year market consensus
forecast. As 4Q is usually the peak season of the year, the Street may revise up its
projections moderately after the results announcement.
Overall performance remained solid
Revenue grew 22.3% yoy in 3Q2019 to Rmb38.8bn, while gross profit rose 6.1% yoy to
Rmb12.3bn. Revenue growth was much faster than gross profit growth because of the
Key changes in this note
rapid growth in the trading business, which had an insignificant profit contribution. Gross
➤ FY19F/20F Revenue increased by
profit per tonne for cement and clinker was about Rmb148 in 3Q2019, down Rmb7 yoy.
6.4%/9.8%.
The mild weakness was largely offset by sales volume growth of about 10% yoy for
FY19F/20F EPS increased by 3%/4%.
cement and clinker. This suggests the Company gained market share, as growth in the
FY19F/20F ROE increased by
\mathbf{z}
whole country was in the mid to high single digits.
0.6%pt/0.6%pt.
Cement price hike in 4Q expected to support share price
Figures 2 and 3 show that cement prices in east China and south central China have
picked up recently thanks to more construction activity during the peak season in 4Q. We
are likely to see another round of price hikes in the next few weeks. The low cement
inventory level (Figure 4 and 5) should also offer support to cement prices in east China
and south central China.
Reiterate ADD
We lift our FY19F/20F EPS by 3%/4% after making a minor upward adjustment in our
sales volume projection and a slight increase in the gross profit per tonne forecast
(1.76x 2019F P/Bv). We set the target price based on a 6% discount to our H-share
target price (the average discount in the past few years).
Major shareholders
% held
Conch Holdings
Analyst(s)
Wong Chi Man
Mark Lau
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA
Note: For 2018 and 2019 sales volume and gross profit per tonne, the figures do not include the trading business.
BY THE NUMBERS
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
Cement | China
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International Securities
(Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made as
to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(jes) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance. The
recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited, its subsidiaries and
associate companies ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited. China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies)' securities in respect of which are
reviewed in this report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or less than 1% of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization unless specified
otherwise.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
Galaxy International Securities may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of,
any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, Galaxy International Securities may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
China Galaxy International has procedures in place to eliminate, avoid and manage any potential conflicts of interests that may arise in connection with the
production of research reports. The research analyst(s) responsible for this report operates as part of a separate and independent team to the investment banking
function of Galaxy International Securities and procedures are in place to ensure that confidential information held by either the research or investment banking
function is handled appropriately.
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or
will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in
or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed
companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
We are transferring the rating mechanism from "BUY, SELL, HOLD" to "ADD, REDUCE, HOLD". Please refer to the definitions below.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
The stock's total return is expected to exceed 10% over the next 12 months.
ADD
REDUCE
The stock's total return is expected to fall below 0% or more over the next 12 months.
HOLD
The stock's total return is expected to be between 0% and positive 10% over the next 12 months.
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.