2024: Short-term performance is under pressure, strong, online and off-line, new engines for sales growth  Hepatopathic medications are better performed and cosmetic plates are better. Industry by industry, 2024h1, pharmaceuticals.
The industry has grown steadily, the pharmaceutical industry has generated 2.894 billion yuan (+16.78%), the flow of medicines (+5.98%), and the Māori rate has declined as a result of factors such as higher prices of upstream raw materials. Companies have concentrated their strengths on the development of coated pellets, hysteric helium capsules, Qingbé Qing lung syrup, etc.
A series of products, which continues to enrich the matrix of the big one series. The cosmetics industry is showing a remarkable performance of $386 million (+41.26 per cent) in revenue from 2024h1 and companies are investing in pearls, pearls and white creams, which are sold over the course of the year, with an increase in size, 2024h1.
The Māori rate for cosmetic plates increased by 1.28 percentage points over the same period the previous year.
The platform won “Hong Kong's first” and “Hong Kong's second”, respectively. On the basis of the online distribution, which covers nearly 400 Chinese pharmacies across the country, it helped to carry out the project “Best Health Care” project, the Science Bureau's “Best Medical Clinic” and the “Best Foreign Medicines” project.
The full-blown strategic partnership with a number of well-known head chains will be achieved through a fully-funded company, Fujimei Health Technology Ltd.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: considering the impact of the rise in raw materials on profits, among other things, we're going to go public.
Less than expected, subsidiaries are not listed as much as expected, and medium- and high-end drugs are consumed less than expected. Three major financial forecasting tables, the Toshio Securities Corporation, have become eligible for portfolio investment advisory operations, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.