A steady increase in performance in the first half of the year, with a steady increase in the brand power of the core product plate Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) net profit net of non-recurring gains and losses on shareholders of listed companies at $1.751 billion, year-on-year
During the first half of the year, profits increased, sales increased, brand influence increased, companies increased their sales significantly in the first half of 2024, with the "scaffles" ranked first among the liver and urchin drugs in the Skycats and the Kyoto Platform.
Products such as tiles, hysteria capsules, and four single-species sales are expected to break by billions of dollars a year. The company is also actively involved in a number of weight fairs and branding events, further enhancing the brand ' s influence and attracting more than 80 million attention.
In the first half of the year, the overall Māori rate for companies was 44.74 per cent, corresponding to 2.33 percentage points; the period fee; the steady increase in pharmaceutical manufacturing and the gradual formation of the Great Health Product Matrix; the partial increase in the Māori manufacturing sector was 2,894 million yuan, or +16.78 per cent; and the Māori rate was +16.78 per cent.
The announcement states that it will continue to enrich the array of “big monoliths” and produce a series of products, such as tiles, cyborg capsules, and hysteria syrup. These include the following:
One single species is over 100 million years old; the second is investing in pearls, pearls and white creams. The third is focusing on raising the market for their own “blue hats” products.
A share, a series of big drinks, forms a matrix of big health products.
The performance of the pharmaceutical industry has grown at a steady rate of 2,268 million yuan, compared to 7.48 per cent in the same year; the Māori rate has continued to grow and the Māori rate has increased on-line. The revenue on-line is $252 million.
In the first half of 2024, the company advanced further the secondary development of Xiahua and its dominant species, and became a Xiaoyu treatment of viral infections and other more than 30 pharmacological studies and treatments of Xiaoyu.
More than 10 clinical studies, including the late onset of liver cancer. At the same time, clinical clearance was obtained for one new drug, group 1 (the lymphoma innovator pzh2113), and several new drug projects are under way.
In the first half of 2024, the company strengthened quality and safety management, promoted 28 industrial inspections of production varieties, and accelerated the up-and-down of the pharmaceutical industry chain through the establishment of a round-mount fund and an equity fund
At the same time, the company's cosmetics have been restructured to lay the foundation for market segmentation, and has actively promoted the “Intra-state Reform Deep Up” initiative, exploring market-based reforms to continuously upgrade the industrial chain and expand upstream and downstream, exploring the second growth curve.
On August 10, the company announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary was limited in the management of its investments in Chaozhou, and that it intended to pay $254 million, either on its own or on its own account, to limit the company's acquisition of 100 per cent of its share in the company's state-owned investment of assets in Suzhou City.
The fragrance is a core asset, holding 30% of the shares of the Suzhou Aquatic Medicines Ltd. The Aquatic Phenomenals industry has a stable model of profit.
The Aquarius industry has a stable share of $10 million in 2022 and 2023 in cash, and we maintain the previous profit forecast, with companies expected to earn their income from 2024-2026, with less than expected expansion, volatile raw material prices, and less rapid growth in visualization/ cosmetics.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.