We're actively expanding the retail channels, and the cost pressure is expected to ease the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Millions of yuan, or 11.99 per cent more than the previous year; 1.72 billion yuan in net return, or 11.6 per cent more than the previous year; and the expansion of marketing channels through non-repatriation, resulting in a rapid increase in the production of makeup products. The growth in corporate gross operating income in the first half of 2024 was mainly due to the company’s intensive market planning and expansion of marketing channels, the company’s core portfolio of products and holdings.
In 2023, the product went through the biggest price increase in history, with a single price increase of $170. To attract new customers and increase customer stickyness, the company significantly increased its sales costs by 62.0 per cent in 2023.
Since 2024, all of the company’s “scaffles” have been upgraded to “scaffles”, optimizing the brand image system, and working with a number of well-known drug chains in the head to reach over 100,000 end-to-end shops.
(+83.18%) Mainly the company’s constant promotion of cosmetics business projects and the construction of cosmetics such as pearl cream, white cream, etc. The increase in the price of cow and yellow is causing Maori pressure, and the cost pressure is expected to ease.
The increase is mainly due to the scarcity of natural cow and yellow and the growing demand in the market. The relevant authorities are publicly seeking permission to import it.
The announcement (advertisement draft) for the production of Chinese medicine, which allows pilot applications for the production of Chinese medicine from countries (regions) that do not have a ban on the outbreak of mad cow disease, and that meet China’s customs quarantine requirements and drug quality tests. The liberalization of import policy is conducive to increasing the country’s natural consumption of yellow and yellow.
The company insists on STI as a central driver of business development, plus strong R & D layout, and in the first half of 2024 it obtained a clinical license for a new type of chromosome 1 drug (therapeutic gourmet).
Papoma innovator pzh2113), intended for the treatment of lymphoma (dlbcl), which is dominated by hyperbolic b-cellular lymphoma, which is non-hodgien lymphoma. In addition, a new chemical drug (pzh107 (lds) for the treatment of fibrous muscle pain, developed in conjunction with Shanghai Xindo Medicines Ltd., has completed the clinical phase.
At present, many of them are in the critical research phase of the new drug project, with three new chemicals, one new drug, one new drug, one new drug, one new drug, one new drug, one new drug, one new drug, one new drug, one new drug, 1.2, entering the research phase. At the same time, the company actively explores the hepatic diseases, neoplasms, inflammations, and anti-inflammations.
The clinical advantages of the virus, among others, are the systematic development of more than 30 pharmacological studies such as the treatment of viral infections, and more than 10 clinical studies such as the treatment of pre-existing liver cancer in the late and mid-stage stages.
Better and lower-cost expectations for the stability of future sustained performance, resulting in long-term performance and bright performance of the ammonium mash (2023-11-02) Scenario 1: pharmaceutical manufacture: adaptation of the company's improved secondary development of large varieties and continuous excavation of the products of the platinum and their advancement
By extension, assuming a 15% increase in sales between 2024 and 2026. As the sales of the ammonium macaroni expands the distribution channels, the clinical advantages of unique varieties, such as the brand value of the tiles, the hysteria capsules, etc., are expected to remain at 10% in 2024-2026. Scenario 2: Medical circulation: companies are intensifying marketing strategies, actively expanding their outlets and achieving end-door coverage of over 100,000.
At the same time, the company is actively promoting the dismantling of cosmetics companies while doing major cosmetics, and is currently carrying out orderly audits, asset assessments, etc. related to the reform of the stock system, and the cosmetics business is booming, 2024-2026.
Three companies with a long history of branding in the same industry were selected: co-incarnation, east aquarium, and wide reputation, with an average value of 35 and 28 times higher for the three companies in the period 2024-2025. Given the better pattern of competition for the product and the stability of future performance growth at lower cost expectations, the premium was valued at 40 times in 2025.
Table 2: Comparable corporate valuation No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained as a result of, or as a result of, or as a result of specific recommendations or views in the present report.