In the evening of March 23, 2023, the China-China oil suit released its annual report for 2022. In 2022, the company achieved a revenue of $35,659 million, compared to +22.11 per cent, and a net profit of $2,353 million for the mother.
China Sea oil uniforms (601808.sh) Higher oil prices led to higher demand for uniforms and a significant improvement in company performance. 2022, Russia \triangleright
The price of international oil has fluctuated significantly, with a high overall performance, and Brent's annual average price of $99.04 per year.
Drums, growth of $28.10 per barrel over the same period. High oil prices support the demand for uniforms, while the Department ' s major business lines and equipment usage have increased on a par, effectively alleviating the cost pressures associated with global inflation and the continued high price of oil, driving a significant change in corporate performance.
Drilling services: 10,346 million in drilling operations, an increase of 17.8 per cent over the same period, Māori rate - \triangleright 2.5 per cent, a decrease of 2.8 pct over the same period.
In 2022, self-incremented, semi-submarine drilling platforms, oilfield technology services: $19.00 billion, compared to +29.9 per cent, Māori rate 23.6 per cent, a decrease of 5.7 pct. We believe that the decline in Māori rate is mainly due to global connectivity.
"Climate recovery, policy additions, trophies 0.1 per cent, 8.9 percentage points less than the same year, company management and fleet operations 54335 days, " China Sea Oil Capital Expenditure Implementation, Surplus "
2021.08.26 Prospective recovery and engineering survey plate: $1.988 billion, with \triangleright
q3 Profit margin improvement, high oil price aid Autonomous cable-trawling kit for 12 cable exploration vessel Marine Oil 720 and commercial applications Autonomously developed seafloor seismic node (obn) collection equipment for product sterilizing and
Small bulk manufacture by Sinda Securities Inc., which continues to break the operations diary by optimizing the obn operation construction programme
In the medium-to-long term, the oil industry is expected to have an upturn in the supply elasticity of the 9th Altitude House on the west corner of Beijing. The remaining production capacity of Oec crude oil is limited, and the supply elasticity is insufficient or will support high oil prices.
All right. According to the iea report, the remaining capacity of OEC+ is currently concentrated in Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Iran, with 173, 87, and 1.15 million barrels per day respectively. Environmentally affected by capital markets and policies, the crude oil supply in the United States is slowly recovering and production elasticity is inadequate.
The global demand for crude oil will continue to grow in 2023-2030, but supply-side elasticity or fuel oil prices will remain high for a long time. High oil prices will either lead to higher capital spending in the oil and gas industry, and the garment industry will be in the air, with company performance expected.
The upswing in storage is continuing, and corporate capital spending is driving up performance growth. The demand for marine oil \triangleright in mid-2023 is strong.
Total global upstream expenditure on exploration and exploitation increased by about 12.4 per cent compared to 2022, with total expenditure on offshore exploration and exploitation increasing by about 11.6 per cent compared to 2022, with projected investments in equipment and upgrading, upgrading of technical equipment, technological research and development inputs and base building
Set. In the context of China Sea oil storage, the company will either increase capital spending significantly or will push strongly the profit forecast and investment rating: we project the company ' s net return to the mother in 2023-2025, respectively \triangleright
In order to take into account that companies are expected to recover from their competitive advantage and industry climate in the future, expected risks; upstream capital expenditures are below expected risks; geopolitical risks; exchange rate fluctuations; Audit expert members, member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation ' s Pool of Experts, former member of the China Coal Industry Association
The Deputy Director of the Sectoral Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) has been involved in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields for over a decade. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Project on Coal Survey and Development, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He is responsible for research on the coal sector.
Li Chunzhi, cfa, member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly researched on large energy panels such as Henging Certificate, Electricity and Gas.
In June 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for research in the coal industry. Qin Ho, a master ' s degree in electricity systems from Austin, University of Texas, United States, with three years of experience in industrial research and electricity marketing reform.
In June 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for electricity research. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics of South-West China. In July 2022, he joined the Shuda Securities Research and Development Centre for petrochemical research.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for a new cruise in petrochemicals, Master of Financial Sciences, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for coal, Wu Bojing, Master of Industrial Economics, University of Jilin, and the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for coal and coalworking.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.