♪ New products, new technologies, new customers ♪ ♪ The oil price is expected to remain high in 2023: the continued game between supply and demand has made 2022 the year 2022 the year 2022 the world.
Oil prices are rising and falling, overall highs, and volatile. The main influence factors include supply-side Occ+ policy implementation, the evolution of the Russian situation, the pace of production growth in the United States, and the need to raise interest rates in the Federal Reserve to raise market concerns.
But because the Fed will slow up interest rates and even take interest-reduction measures in order to revive the economy, Saudi-led OEC+ supports oil prices by controlling production, non-OEC cannot increase production on a large scale, oil prices are less likely to fall sharply, and oil prices will continue to run at high levels.
▪ Warm demand for oil uniforms and multi-factored net profit growth: in 2022, the company ' s main sectors of industry, operating lines and equipment use increased to a certain degree on a par, driven up revenues, and was effective in alleviating the cost pressures associated with the continued high impact of global inflation and oil prices, resulting in net profits flying
• High orders are expected and performance is growing steadily: according to the 2023 Marine Oil Clothes Strategy Guidelines announcement, demand for crude oil is expected to continue to grow steadily in 2023 and total global upstream exploration and development capital expenditure will increase by about 11.6 per cent annually compared with the 2023 RMB 9.3 billion projected for corporate capital expenditure in 2023
On the domestic front, the country benefits from a sustained and stable exploration and exploitation environment and the importance of oil and gas in China’s energy consumption structure, which will safeguard the oilfield service industry for a certain period of time.
Based on current corporate and domestic orders, it is expected that there will be a steady increase in the volume of work on the four plates for collection and engineering services, drilling services, oilfield technical services, and ship services. ▪ Strategic guidance for “internationalization” to speed up the deployment of overseas: companies insist on Asia-Pacific excellence, the Middle East strength, the Middle East.
On October 23, 2022, the company revealed that it had made a major breakthrough in overseas markets, with the Middle East region’s top international record of billions of dollars. With the implementation of the project, the company’s overseas services in the Middle East will become “all-encompassing”
In January 2023, the company signed a two-year contract with Zhenhua Oil for the construction of 32 boreholes in the southern sector of the eastern Baghdad oil field in Iraq, further consolidating the market in the field of integrated services for the drilling of oil uniforms in Iraq.
The share of the field provides the basis for the promotion of China Sea oil and gas cooperation in Iraq to a wider, deeper, and higher level of development. Technology innovation leads, and technology breakthroughs continue: the company has built the world’s largest equipped sea.
Field service providers, moving from shallow to deep water, have achieved a range of 5 to 3,000 core technology series, with 95% technology coverage, and have achieved international leadership in surveying wells, directional wells, drilling fluids, wells, etc. Companies will continue to build up their equipment and promote technological innovation.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We are looking forward to a sustained growth in corporate performance in a high industry climate, a “development strategy” in which profitability is expected to leapfrog in the future, covering for the first time a “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board