The 22-year profit guide will be revised, an announcement on the management of the "Home 6" employee holding plan will be issued, and a performance announcement will be amended for prior periods.) Short-term disruptions in the operations of large clients will be revised for the entire year. 1) 28 October 22nd year: company will be published publicly.
\triangleright stopped producing one of its smart acoustic whole-time products.) As a result, the company’s revenue fell by no more than 3.3 billion yuan in 22 years, resulting in a direct loss of about $900 million (including loss of direct profit and shutdown, etc.).)
Day: The company issued a revised performance announcement for the year 2022. Given that the product of the company and the large customer was subsequently taken up, the company eventually lost approximately $2.0-24 billion in direct loss and impairment of its assets, with 22 years of remodelling to the parent net profit, the rest of the business of the large customer is going well, and the advantages of the business vr/ar etc. are often found in the company's smart headphones.
\triangleright is currently on hold for only one large customer, and Gore and the big client have been working together for a long time, with the exception of this product, whose shares (002241.sz) 22q1 quarterly & 22h
His zero component and whole-time business cooperation are well under way; considering Gore's accumulation in this area, it is time to take stock of the performance rating: smart hardware such as vr is growing rapidly and opening up new customers. Other areas of the company's strengths remain: 1)vr: the company is a vr industry odm dragon.
The sword refers to a semi-annual increase in profits by 2022/04/27 firms, with deep binding of domestic and international Vr core branders, such as Meta, Sony and Pico, accompanied by a gradual ecological improvement downstream, a wider application landscape, and a subsequent strong drive in the vr industry that is expected to drive the growth of corporate performance.
22q1 performance forecast: 21 years of performance in line with expectations, 2)ar area: we expect to gradually increase in the future as nano-stamped light engraved in the ar area, with companies 3.
It will benefit fully from its own technological deposits and existing nanopressure print-in-light production lines. 3) Other business: A third quarter of the year: q3 performance is in line with the forecast, and the vr's game host and smart-to-use lines are expected to generate higher yields for companies in the future.
The company released Home 6 employee \triangleright 4.
Shareholding plan announcement: The plan targets the company ' s directors, supervisors, senior managers, management and industry cadres, not exceeding 1,000 persons, to obtain the company ' s buy-back of shares in the dedicated account at a cost of $7/equity.
The stock-holding plan is 18/30/42/54 months from the date of transfer to the employee's share-holding plan, unlocking the stock-holding plan, highlighting the company's long-term confidence development, attracting talent and maintaining competitiveness.
Despite short-term pressures, long-term competitive advantages are maintained by maintaining a “recommended” rating. \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.