Gore shares (002241), event review: issuance of performance advance notice amendments, other products
Keywords: # Second Curve# Performance Not As Expected #Integration # Issued the 2022 Performance Advances Amendment Proclamation.  The suspension of specific projects by large offshore clients affected performance in 2022: a major offshore client informed the company for the time being
The suspension of production of one of its smart acoustic whole-time products, based on the impact that the product is currently not expected to resume production within 2022, a reduction in revenue of no more than 3.3 billion yuan in the current year and a direct loss of about 900 million yuan (loss of direct profits, production lines resulting from the suspension and employee wages, etc.), and based on the fact that
▪ Actively promoting follow-up, with other products from large clients working together normally: while actively fulfilling the relevant letter disclosure obligations, the management team is active, maintaining close communication with clients and promoting follow-up on related matters; the matter relates only to a particular smart acoustic whole-time product, the company and the company.
Cooperation between the client ' s zero components (sonics, microelectronics, precisions, etc.) and machine operations (earphones, sound boxes, etc.), in addition to the products of this section, is well under way and creates strong competitive advantages and barriers based on years of in-depth cooperation and technological accumulation.
▪ We continue to take a firm view of the firm's long-term trend: the firm's 4+4+n zero-sum strategy of deep-farming, building up its core competitiveness in new and emerging areas of smart hardware, such as viewable, healthy, hearable, home, and the future is still within reach! 1)vr logic is expected to continue to deliver over the next year.
The intensive release of vr new products by Chinese and Japanese customers (p and s clients are very certain of their growth, m looks forward to the elimination of the cost of the new product) is expected to boost the growth of their output next year, long-term based on domestic and foreign vr students. Gore shares (002241: 2022q3 seasons)
Various factors such as state improvement, application landscape expansion and more technology giants, vr/ar report: pressure in the second half of the year, long-term trends, hardware output is expected to continue to grow in the coming years; 2) other product lines continue to increase in certainty
Monument: The growth in the volume and share of the game machine, the infusion of large domestic customers with intelligent clothing, and the incremental contribution of future revenue and profits.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: short-term performance correction of the company stems from the suspension of the Big Client's Headphone Project.
The secondary effect of competitiveness is that we adjust the 2022 profit forecast based on direct loss and impairment of assets, and adjust the share of the headphone project over the next two years and align the Māori ratio assumption with the precautionary principle.
In view of the long-term trends in industry and the firm's full-fledged nuclear competitiveness in the new types of smart hardware, we continue to appreciate the company's future growth trends and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board