Gore shares report for the third quarter of 2022: 74,153 million yuan in operating income for the first three quarters of 2022, an increase of 40.47 per cent over the previous three quarters, and net profit returns for the mother.
zhaoxy@cfsc.com.cn q3 returns double profit growth, with q4 performance under pressure.
RMB, 7.57 per cent less than in the same year; K$19,892 million in smart acoustics business, 3.60 per cent more than in the same year; K$43,552 million in smart hardware business, 43.52 billion more than in the same year; and, in terms of profitability, Māori sales were achieved by companies in the first three quarters of 2022.
There has been a steady increase in investment in the areas of acoustics, optical sciences and so forth, and in the expectation of corporate research in the first three quarters of 2022, long-term good vrar prospects.
(002241); q1 short-performance bright, smart, hard-to-do vr/ar field, fully benefiting from head customer release 3, " Report of the Chinese Securities* Company " * Gore shares
(002241: q1 non-performance continues to increase. According to Wellsennxr, 2022q2 global vr leads long-term growth *2020330*
On Vr's optical lens, companies can offer a variety of sophisticated optical solutions, including birdpaths, free curvatures, prisms, lightwaves, etc.
The company, as the global champion of vr, has mature R & D manufacturing capabilities in non-spheric, Finnel, pancake and other product programmes, as well as a wealth of production delivery experience, and has outstanding control capabilities in vr.
Power and supply chain control, and the ability to develop and import new products, are excellent. Clients, with companies working in depth with global head brands such as Meta, Pico, Sony, etc., will continue to benefit from the release of new products from large customers such as pico, sony, apples, etc.
The company uses the strategy of "precision zero components plus smart hardware" to fully utilize zero components and vr, gamers, tws headphones, etc.
i.e., co-benefits of hardware whole-office operations that drive the rapid development of corporate smart hardware products. 1) For zero components, corporate products include microphones/phones, mems acoustic sensors, etc., and companies integrate microelectronic related operations into subsidiary songs.
Urva, and planned to split up the business board. 2) On the whole machine, the company's layout tws headphones are designed to assemble and core acoustic components, and the game machine business is gradually starting to harvest. In addition, the company is the major manufacturer of global smart-wearing products.
One of the manufacturers is concerned about the maturity of emerging health surveillance techniques such as glucose, blood pressure tests, etc., and will have a large incremental market in the future. We believe that the company has an advantage in global vr manufacture and itself.
The product structure is being optimized, and it is expected to continue to benefit from the growth of the vr industry in the future.
Mao Jianxing: Master of Materials, University of Kyotan, three years of American semiconductor company work experience, participation in a global lead semiconductor vendor advanced process project, five years of commodity portfolio development experience, and employment in Liu Xin: Master of Integrated Circuit Design, Nanyang University of Singapore, and formerly in the Chinese Qing Xin Xian Xian.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly due to, or because of, the specific comments or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.