Gore shares (002241) 2022q3 Quarterly Review: Pressure in the second half of the year, long-term trends no.
# Second Curve#Short Assets#Integration: Companies issue performance reports for the first three quarters of 2022 and year-round performance forecasts
For 74.15 billion yuan, or 40 per cent more than the same year, the net profit to the mother was $3.84 billion, or 15 per cent more than the same year, and for the reasons of performance: 1) 43.6 billion yuan in smart hardware, 96 per cent more than the same year (18.7 billion dollars for the same season, 70 per cent more than the same year), vr North American clients drop in the ring, and China and Japan are new.
The availability of machines has led to structural increases, with the share of ps5 increasing faster; 2) an increase of 19.9 billion yuan in smart acoustics, 4 per cent in the same year (7.6 billion in the q3 quarter, 13 per cent in the same year), and an increase in the volume of pro2 headphones produced by large North American clients; and 3) a decrease in the overall profit rate, which is the same year.
We believe that corporate o4 performance is largely subject to multiple production pressures: amortization of the costs of earpieces, vr, etc., initial collusive production of multiple new products and the cost pressures of the external environment.
End-of-year charges for Home Plus 6 and options-incentive amortization, exchange-rate hedges against non-economic and business-to-business interactions, regular bonuses, and impairments. ▪ We firmly value the company’s long-term trend: 1)vr logic is expected to continue: in the coming year.
Gore shares (002241); integrated cores; Japanese and American clients are intensely publishing vr new products (p and s clients are very certain of their growth, m expect consumption and competitiveness to generate sustained growth confidence).
Vr/ar hard-loading is expected to continue to grow in the coming years, based on a number of factors, including the improvement of the vr ecology, the expansion of the application landscape, and more technology giants; 2) other product lines still have a positive increase.
Goods: The growth in the volume of game machines and in the company’s share, the infusion of large domestic customers, the failure to collect, and profit will all contribute significantly. The future will be sustainable, given the firm’s growing core competitiveness and long-term growth trends.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: based on a 22-year performance forecast and a combination of external performance changes resulting from the short-term impact of the external environment on orders and the continued growth of the firm's core competitiveness, we continue to appreciate the future growth of the company and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Three major financial forecasts of Gore shares.