The company sold a total of 629.94 million oil tanks for excavators in 2022.
Only 26 per cent decline in the same year; however, the sales of non-standard fuel tanks for heavy equipment increased by 22 per cent on the same date to 20,480,000. Non-diggered hydraulic pumps, hydraulic valves, motor sales increased by 248 per cent, 60 per cent, and 516 per cent, respectively. In 2022, the company developed 538 new items, 323 of which were in the non-engineering and machinery industry. In the first quarter of 2023, the company,
Among the main products, the non-standard fuel tanks for heavy equipment and the hydraulic pump valves increased by 33% and 29% respectively, leading to higher collection rates. The company Māori also increased by the same year, as new products were more profitable than traditional engineering and machinery products.
The company’s Mexican factory is under construction and is expected to be operational in May 2023, and will be operational in the fourth quarter of 2023. The company has previously established the European, American, Japanese, Indian Overseas Marketing Services Corporation, which built new Indonesians in 2022.
Companies, expanding their coverage of emerging markets by radiating the pattern of basic maintenance services in the South-East Asian market. Companies operate robustly and have sufficient cash in hand after increasing their operations. Corporate asset-liability ratios dropped to 21.35% in the first quarter of 2023, and liquidity ratios and speed ratios of 4.00 and 3.77, respectively, increased by the same amount.
The share of output was 43.64 per cent. Cash flows from corporate operations and investment activities increased by 22.95 per cent and 34.14 per cent, respectively, during the first quarter, while cash from debt repayments led to a similar improvement in cash flows from financing activities.
2. Actively expanding the product category and optimizing the business structure, resulting in a 26 per cent decline in the same year; however, the sales of non-standard fuel tanks for heavy equipment increased by 22 per cent on a year-on-year basis to 20,480,000.
In the field of dredging, hydraulic pumps, hydraulic valves, motor sales of 4.40, 14.03, and 12.25 million, respectively, the same-year increase of 248%, degrees, and among the company’s main products, the revenue from heavy equipment with non-standard fuel tanks and hydraulic pump valves increased by 33% and 29%, respectively, leading to an overall increase in revenue collection.
Figure 5 Decline in sales (millions, %) of special fuel tanks used for excavators, figure 6 shows a significant increase in sales of non-flagged tanks for heavy equipment (millions, %). Hydraulic fuel tanks remain dominant and hydraulic pump valves grow well. According to annual reports, hydraulic tanks are the company ' s first largest harvest.
Pump valves, industrial pump valves, hydraulic motors, etc. Since the establishment of subsidiary hydraulic technology in 2013, operations such as high-performance fluids, pressurized column pumps, multiple-circuit control valves have continued to develop rapidly, and the income of hydraulic pump valves has increased year by year as compared with the revenue of figure 7 hydraulic pump valves, which also reached 2022 (billions, %)
Figure 82022: hydraulic pump valve revenue as a percentage of 33.61%
In 2022, the company's overseas sales revenue was $1,753 million, a 42 per cent increase in the same year, and its overseas earnings were invested in the fourth quarter of the year. According to the network of company officials, factories in Mexico account for 140.8 million square metres of production, services, development and warehousing of persistent hydraulic products, which will increase local employment by more than 300 jobs. At the end of the marketing period, the company has been established in Europe.
In 2022, a new Indonesian subsidiary was established in the United States of America, Japan, and the Indian Overseas Marketing Services Corporation to retrace the patterns of basic maintenance services in the South-East Asian market and to expand the coverage of emerging markets. At the research and development level, Henaga has set up four research centres worldwide, located in Chicago, Germany, Shanghai, China, and Changzhou, China.
In the project, the Henji International Research and Development Centre project is in the advanced design stage and is expected to be completed and put into use in the fourth quarter of 2024. On the product side, the persistently dedicated tank series of products, which is highly recognized by the entire plant overseas, has become the only company in the Asian region to have received a five-year platinum quality award, and is expected to be technology-supported in the future.
Increased share of the foreign brand digger high-pressure tank market.
The rate of the hydraulic pump valves has fallen by 4.11 pct and 3.79 pct, respectively, mainly due to increases in the cost of raw materials, falling orders, and so on.
In the first quarter of 2023, the corporate asset-liability ratio fell to 21.35 per cent and the liquidity and speed ratios increased to 4.00 and 3.77, respectively. At the end of the first quarter of 2023, the corporate currency fund was $7.398 billion, representing 43.64 per cent of total assets. In the first quarter of 2023, the cash flow of corporate operations and investment activities increased by 22.95 per cent, and in the same quarter, the cash flow of companies increased by 22.95 per cent, respectively.
5.1. Industry: The trend of excavators to sea is clear and domestic markets, such as high machines, have the potential to focus on opportunities for seaboarding and new products, in the light of trends in the mainframe industry of engineering machinery.
Internationalization of parts and components will be synchronized, and consistent internationalization strategies will coincide with industry trends. In terms of internal sales, high-altitude platforms, agricultural machinery, etc., are on the right track, and it is expected that such markets will be well organized.
In 2023, on the basis of a combination of industry prejudicing, the company set a business goal to achieve a 10% increase in current business income. In the long run, the new category is an important factor in smoothing the cycle of engineering machinery. In addition to the directions of expansion already mentioned, the company actively promoted the electricization strategy. In August 2022, the company formed the Gang.
In 2023, four major projects, namely, the Mexican hydraulic production base, the sophisticated transmission of force, the compact hydraulic pressure, and the super-large heavy fuel tank, will be operational.
The firm’s strong position in the domestic engineering and machinery market and its active contribution to product and regional expansion are promising in the context of globalization. The risk of macroeconomic change.
Developments in key packages of heavy equipment, such as port machinery, are more relevant to the macroeconomic situation. Changes in macro-policies and in the growth of fixed-asset investments will have an impact on the demand of the company’s downstream customers and consequently on the sale of its products.
The risks of fluctuations in the prices of raw materials. The company’s main raw materials include steel, casts, exercise, seals, etc., the cost of procurement may be affected by a variety of factors, such as market supply and demand, changes in the supplier’s production situation, and the price of raw materials such as steel.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the findings of the study, which are presented in an independent and objective manner, using legally compliant data.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.