High performance growth and new business momentum: Three quarterly reports issued today by the Three Rings group, with operating income of 2,835 million yuan in the first three quarters, continued high growth in the third quarter, increased profitability and strong endogenous performance.
Operating income of 1,059 million yuan, an increase of 31.76 per cent and 9.18 per cent for the ring; net propulsion, with two large sales of ceramic backhells, mlcc, ceramic base tiles and ceramic pkg; new products of ceramics, machetes, electronic slurry and, in the case of ceramic backshells, currently Mimix3 coloured backhells
It has been announced that Mi will import new products from ceramic backshells, and that the company's price for millcc will remain strong in promoting the ceramic backshell project with both domestic and international tap companies. The Māori rate during the reporting period is still high, given the increased share-incentive cost amortization and investment in R & D in 2018.
This growth in performance shows strong endogenous growth. Three Rings (300408), R & D cost inputs continue to grow, fixed assets and construction in progress show an orderly expansion of the company’s output.
It's the firm's growing investment to improve the competitiveness of its research and development products. The company's expansion of its capacity leads to a steady long-term growth of 20180829.
The Department’s pkg, mlcc, and ceramic base tiles are being expanded; construction works are continuing at $455 million, an increase of $197 million from the beginning of the year; the company’s capacity is expanding continuously, and production capacity will be followed up by performance.
The company's semi-annual plan is to take care of the property, and the tri-ring group (300408), the tri-ring group.
The loss of RMB 3.43 million in impairment of assets and, in the case of possible subsequent impairments, the part where no -300408 - in-depth report - R & D smart-making is expected to recover the principal in a timely manner, is still unrecoverable through measures taken by listed companies.
High barrier advanced material experts, inside and outside, are compensated by the major shareholder, Sanjiang Corporation. Research and development creates a platform to build high barrier advanced materials, and the product gradients develop in an orderly and robust manner.
Finally, emphasis is placed on the three-ring group building high-barrel platforms through the materials-equipment-plus process, product scalability, product-based expansion and global market opening through endogenous-plus-extension. The product has a reasonable gradient, a steady medium- and long-term development that can be expected to move to hundreds of millions of market values in the future.
Products include ceramic fibre-optic cores, wire-wiring end, electrical resistance, leading to stable cash flow; fast-forming long-forming products include ceramic appearances, enveloped bases, mlcc, basestones, fuel cells, ceramics, machetes, voltage-jet valves, electronic slurry, leading to medium-term growth of the company; reserve-type products include:
On the basis of the “material+” strategy, the company’s business boundaries are constantly being expanded, based on internal and external extension, and the company’s products are multi-moderated and risk-resistant.
Based on the products of ceramic materials, on the one hand, and on products such as non-ceramic materials such as functional electronic materials, special applications of glass, on the other, the company set up a three-ring research institute in 2012 to strengthen public research and development, and this year the company has made great efforts to recruit people to strengthen research and development. The company has launched two new products.
In recent years, new corporate products have been rolled out at a faster pace. On the outreach side, there has been an active push for forward M&As oriented towards technological innovation, product strength, market size, and industry prospects. In 2017, the acquisition of MicroMiss accelerated the process of corporate internationalization and the realization of existing technology agreements with companies.
In the same way, by promoting technological upgrading and innovation, companies will continue to push forward the forward-looking M&As that work with the main industry. Corporate products are diversified, more risk-resistant and cyclical, with high performance, and new business is on the rise.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report