q3 Net profit increases faster than expected, electronic components and materials business increases faster, leading suppliers of electronic ceramic electronics and new materials. Three rings were established in 1970 and marketed in deep-seas in 2014.
Research and development, production and marketing of materials, including mainly communications components, semiconductor components, electronic components, materials, electronic components, compressor components, fuel cell components, new materials, etc. The company has accumulated technology in the field of electronic ceramics for more than 40 years, and major product technologies are available in the country.
The market for communications components has been steadily developing, with rapid growth in electronic component materials and electronic component products.In the first half of 2018, companies achieved operating income of 1.777 billion yuan, an increase of 35.78 per cent over the previous year.
The market demand for communications components has continued to grow by 28.37% over the same period. The demand has increased mainly as a result of the increase in the number of telecommunications base stations and the popularity of the company ' s cellular ceramic appearances, which are now being applied to multiple smartphone terminals.
The material, electronic component business is growing faster and the Māori rate is higher, and the company will dominate in the coming years, with net profit returns of $364 million to $404 million in the third quarter, an increase of 35 to 50% in the same year, exceeding market expectations.
In the same report, non-recurrent gains and losses are expected to have an impact on net profits of $5.78 million, mainly in terms of the return on investment in finance, and to boost research and development for new products and the opening of new markets.
The Institute of Corporate Research has been built into specialized materials, functional devices, electronic modelling components, electronic slurry, and specialized equipment.
Research and development innovation bases for new products, such as glass, fuel cells, to provide companies with long-term development, fully profitable predictions and ratings: long-term vision of the future of the company, projections