Colour, process and cost leapfrog, ceramic backhell downstream applications are expected to break through, IT technology hardware and equipment, process and cost leapfrog, ceramic backhell downstream applications are expected to break through.
Incidents: The Tri-Run Group held a porcelain backshell fire phoenix 2.0 launch, and released 10 new trades, with major breakthroughs in colour, surface process and performance, with the participation of end-users such as Samsung, Hua, Mi, opo, and vivo.
Compared to last year, the color and surface process made a qualitative breakthrough, offering a rich choice for downstream suppliers. Fire Phoenix 1.0 ceramics have only two colors, black and white, and this release has produced a firephoon 2.0 product, and the backshell process includes colored powdered ceramics, aluminum processes,
Powder-forming cognacs, fog-faced processes, masonry processes, high-explosive ceramic spray processes, ceramic cutting processes, laser surface treatment processes, sapphire mirror mosaic processes, ncvm processes, with colours, patterns, light, mutes, and multiple camera-headed sapphire lenses.
By improving the formula, the weight increase is further reduced. The company has further improved the powder properties of 1,741/1,641 and the weight of the overall back cover can be reduced without compromising the technical capabilities.
29,790/28,073 Reduction by more than 20 per cent; with multiple improvements in materials technology, fire phoenix materials can be more resistant to falling.
By more than 1.2 metres, the other colored caps have also significantly improved their ability to withstand drops, and significant progress has been made in reducing costs through process accuracy and good rate control.
In addition, during the processing process - 300408 - semi-annual reports - built-in performance has increased
It's a long-term steady growth of 20180829.
Based on a leading core advantage, client development progresses, and next year it will probably introduce a new client - 300408 - semi-annual performance forecast - to produce households. Companies’ full vertical process advantage based on powder, equipment, and process has obvious costs.
Two-quarter high growth, followed by a future advantage, and a home-grown pottery backshell process, we judge that the future of global growth will be steady and steady.
A range of mobile phone manufacturers would probably have a large share of a ceramic backhell. The company -- 2018/07/12 -- was working closely with Fuscon, and the strategy for the future was to focus on the production of the best frontal hairs and friends.
Other businesses are well under way, benefiting significantly from 5g and new product drivers. Next year, core plugs will benefit from overseas markets and 5g, driven by continued growth; pkg, crystallized pkg, saw
Pkg has been certified by Korean clients: mlcc is focused on large sizes, prices are falling, not much, and next year's profits won't fall at a surcharge. Slash and slurry will begin to be phased in next year: nitrogen-based aluminium, hot print will start opening the market next year.
At the bottom of the valuation, based on the “material+” strategy, the company has a strong multi-meta-resistance capability based on its endogenous outreach.
Based on the products of ceramic materials, on the one hand, and on products such as non-ceramic materials such as functional electronics, special applications of glass, on the other, the company set up a three-ring institute in 2012 to strengthen public colours, processes and costs, with the prospect of a breakthrough in the downstream application of ceramic backhells.
The company has launched two new products, and in recent years it has been growing faster. On the outreach side, it has been actively promoting technology innovation as a core, product power, market size, and industry perspective-oriented M&As.
The year's acquisition of micro-Mimes has accelerated the process of internationalization of companies, and has brought about collaboration with existing processes in companies to promote technological upgrading and innovation, and companies will continue to promote extended M&As in collaboration with their main industries in the future.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report