The company published its semi-annual report for 2017, which generated a business income of $45.38 billion in the first half of the year.
The domestic automobile market slowed down in the first half of 2017, with a total output of 13,526,000 and 13,354,000, respectively, an increase of 4.6 per cent and 3.8 per cent over the same period, but new energy vehicles remained at a high level of growth, with about 160,000 sold in the first half of the year, an increase of 31 per cent over the same period.
One of the military firms had a market share of about 19.5 per cent in the first half of the year, and the Bialde 5 and Song models under the flag had continued to be sold. By July, Bialdizondm had been at the top of the stock market for three months, and stock prices were relative to market performance (nearly 12 months).
The company's electric bus product has become operational in Shenzhen, Changsha, Wuhan and other provincial cities, and the overall situation has been confirmed. During the reporting period, “III” due to the fall in subsidies for new energy vehicles.
The 10,000-km system has led to a prolonged cycle of subsidy receipt, a period of policy adjustment and a slippage in total corporate sales, but revenue from the new energy automobile business has increased by the same year to $15,769 million, 1.97 per cent, or 35.01 per cent.
During the reporting period, companies broke through international markets with public transport products, receiving orders from various parts of the globe, and from overseas markets.
The exhibition went well, and the company's internationalization was increasing. In June, the company signed a memorandum of understanding with the European public transport operator Ratp in London, which plans to purchase 36 pure electric buses from Biadi, which will make Biadi operate more than 100 electric buses in London.
In addition, the company entered into orders for electric buses at Sydney Airport in Texas, Brisbane International Airport and Haifa in Israel, expanding its operations to a number of locations in Europe, North America and Australia.
In the area of public transport, the company has also made a major effort to move into the orbital transport industry, and has developed and released “Cloud Track” products that combine the technological advantages of the company's automobiles, IT and new energy sources over the first half of the year.
The Department is expected to build a new business growth point for the future period of orbital traffic development in the country’s cities. There is a steady growth in cellular components and assembly, and batteries have improved the industrial chain layout.
During the reporting period, the company received $18.235 billion in mobile parts and assembly operations, representing an increase of 10.09 per cent, or 40.49 per cent of the total, which is the main force supporting the growth in performance. Companies can provide a “one-stop shop” from whole-office design and component production to assembly, covering a wide range of consumer electronics.
Products, the main customers of which are large companies like Samsung, Apples, and Hwa. The company will gain even greater growth from long-term accumulated experience, benefiting from the increased penetration of metal components in smart, electronics and around 33% of total income.
The company's battery and photovoltaic operations were affected by increased market competition in the photovoltaic industry, with a slow increase in the volume of light-voltage new loaders, which in the first half of the year was $3.613 billion, a 13.43 per cent decline in the same year. In the secondary battery charger industry, the company currently has 14gwh capabilities, mainly producing three-dollar lithium batteries and phosphate lithium batteries.
By the end of the year, 16 gwh, the capacity of 10 gwh in the Qinghai is currently under construction. By creating a complete industrial chain layout on the power cell to the new energy vehicle, Biadi effectively reduced its costs. In May, Biadi announced that it would deliver power cell modules with core technology to the market and mark the opening of its operations.
In the first half of the year, Biadi’s profitability, influenced by the industry’s macro-factors, declined, and the company’s future performance is expected to warm up under the entire chain of new energy cars and power cells, and to actively enter overseas markets and public transport.
The field will also generate a new growth dynamic, with business revenues projected for 2017, 2018, 2019 slowing down the vehicle market as a whole and the spread of new vehicles falling short of expectations.
Figure 4: p/bband Institute sales team Author with qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels, with points
The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the present report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party ' s approval or approval.