The Māori rate has risen to a high level in recent years, and the new scene is in a bad marketing business -- 2025 q3 performance rating by mass media (stock code: 002027).
The Māori rate has risen from a recent high of 74.1 per cent in the first quarter of q3 of the Internet-related mass contribution, with an increase of 5.9/2.7 pct in the same quarter, respectively, mainly due to location optimization and cost control. Wide income growth is mainly due to Internet-based advertising.
The new scene, which is in the middle of the country's elevators, is being rapidly opened in many cities, we believe, by the innovative way of "touching, grabping red bags" that commercial companies have been working on together with payment money since August.
With 3 million elevator points, 400 million urban mainstream consumers, the company combines the digitalization of the payment treasures with the ability to “touch” over a variety of scenes, such as Ramón, electricity, etc., to build a full-link camp from touch to transformation and close the loop. This is expected to open up new traffic entrances for brands, track data in real time, optimize investment policies.
Investment suggests that we believe that the company’s core business is steadily moving forward, with a high degree of certainty in performance growth. Meanwhile, prior corporate announcements are about to buy new tidal media, with some room for optimization when the cost ends are concentrated.
It is expected that the company will return to its mother in 2025-2027.
"Galactic Media Network" 3-quarters of 2024.   (002027.sz)
I am committed to producing this report with diligence, independence and objectivity. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.