China's China Metallurgical (601618.sh) Construction Decoration/Professional Engineering focuses on the resource value of China Metallurgical and seriously underestimates the significant increase in profits from corporate resource development:
The company has been working on six offshore resource projects, with a significant increase in operating income and total profits compared to the same period last year.
The company’s nickel-cobalt mining project, BJP, achieved production standards and received tons in the first half of the year; sales of nickel hydroxide containing 15861 tons of nickel and 1528 tons of cobalt.
Cobalt is an important raw material for the positive materials of lithium batteries, which, in the context of 3c and the global market for new energy vehicles, will increase the demand for cobalt from upstream trio batteries, which will certainly boost the growth of cobalt consumption. Global cobalt consumption in 2016 was about 10.38 million tons, an increase of 4.3 per cent over the same period; cobalt was used in the battery industry.
57.7% of the domestic cobalt consumption structure in 16 years was 78% of the battery material, and the rate of increase in the domestic cobalt consumption was largely determined by the growth of the battery material. We estimate that global drilling supply continued to rise in 2019. By the end of August 2017, the price for mb cobalt had reached $29, but at a distance.
The historical high of $48.25/lb still has more than 65% of the space. Cobalt is a relatively rare metal resource, the lowest/highest dollar in a year: the global reserves are very unevenly distributed, and the pricing rights of metals with a high concentration of such resources are generally accepted.
Upstream mining companies control, and therefore corporate investment in BJC projects is very profitable. Nickel prices are out of the low and will continue to look good: nickel is used mainly in stainless steel production in the country, with rapid growth in stainless steel production in the last two years.
In 2007-2016, our refined nickel consumption increased at a combined rate of 11.49 per cent, with greater demand-side space. However, in 2007-2016, nickel production slowed down, increasing at only 3.44 per cent, resulting in a tightening of supply levels.
Big. Lately, the nickel-loading ship was affected by the bad weather in Suri High, the country’s nickel-rich region. The Philippine government shut down nearly half of the mines for environmental violations in the last two years, and supply is becoming more tight. Growth in demand and tightening supply have driven nickel prices out of the low, though.
It rose to a high of $11,735 per ton, an increase of 14.99 per cent compared to the price at the beginning of the year. The company, the Bazuri Wood Mine, raised nickel for combustible combustible combustible minerals and nickel prices were significant in terms of improving its resource development portfolio performance.
The value of the company’s resource development business has been seriously underestimated: with the price of cobalt soaring, the increase in cobalt in 2017 was historically high, and we have reason to believe, China, that the price of cobalt is rising.
The value of the resource development plate in Central Metallurgical is seriously underestimated. Only cobalt, the choice of cobalt-related listed enterprises, the continued optimization of the industry, the ppp and the hall drive future cobalt salt, trimester drivers, and copper nickel, with overseas ownership, are currently marketed at 508.58.
One billion yuan, about 24,000 tons of cobalt for 17 years, and about 102 million yuan per ton of market value. The annual cobalt sales by the owner of Luoyang Molybdenum are estimated at 13,500 tons, with an equivalent market value of $11 million per ton.
16 times the year, maintaining the “recommended” rating. Figure 1: Trends in cobalt prices in Euromb market, 2017. Figure 2: Trends in Lun Nickel, 2017
Schedule 1: Comparable corporate revenue, net profit growth and consistent expectations