China Central Metallurgical (601618.sh) Construction/Professional Engineering China China Central Metallurgical Report, 2017, realized revenues of $101,085 million in the first half of 17 years, an increase of 5.49 per cent in the same year; operating profits of $3,974 million, an increase of 11.12 per cent in the same year; and net profit returns to mothers
The company has been active in recent years in expanding its non-metallurgical business and upgrading its industrial structure.
Public and ecological projects. In the first half of 17 years, companies signed new engineering contracts amounting to $27,454 million, an increase of 22.1 per cent over the previous year, which is an historic high. Of this, new non-metallurgical engineering contracts amounting to $23,384.6 million, the structural transformation of the industry has continued to progress steadily, significantly increasing future profitability.
In the first half of 2017, there were 56 new winning ppp projects in China, an increase of 11, with a total investment of $11 billion, and a strong catalytic effect on the landing of the orders. As the ppabs moved forward, and the dragons took over the ppp order.
The company, as the country's first integrated corridor builder, is in the market, in construction.
In the first half of the year, the company’s new top-ranked integrated halls, such as those in Chengzhou, Kunming, and filial filial, continued to lead the country’s market. During the “13th Five” period, the city’s underground polyclinics will generate $400 billion in investment annually.
In addition, the company has the capacity to build and service the entire industry in the area of sponge city construction, building on the technical advantages of China’s China Smelting Sponge City Technical Research Institute, and is fully engaged in the development and construction of projects in the area of sponge cities.
The mid-year mid-point Black and Stinky Waters Governance and Sponge Engineering General Contract and the Gui-Sin-Sin-Sin-Sin-Sin-Sin-Sun Spoon Ppp project will continue to promote the rapid development of new and emerging industries and the optimization of industrial structures.
In recent years, there has been an annual increase in the share of overseas orders in corporate orders, with 22,102 million yuan in new overseas contracts in the first half of 17 years, an increase of 25.81 per cent over the previous year.
In a context of low market conditions, major efforts have been made to develop non-metallurgical projects such as urban infrastructure, real estate development, road transport, etc., with 12.46% of new overseas contracts, 87.54% of non-metallurgical projects, and the absolute advantage of non-metallurgy.
International engineering leads, channels are clear, and future overseas operations are expected to continue to benefit. The company as a whole is integrated into the Five Minerals Group, where future synergies will be achieved in such business areas as real estate, master engineering contracts, resource development, etc., and China’s rich overseas resources will also provide an opportunity for the company to expand its “one-way” market.
The company, as China’s five-mine subsidiary, will benefit significantly by taking substantial steps in the future or in the area of state-owned enterprise reform.
Figure 1: Changes in corporate operating income in the single quarter (millions of yuan) Figure 2: Changes in net corporate returns in the single quarter (millions of yuan)