The profit level is rising in reverse, and domestic business is showing off.
Wei Hongmei's annual profit distribution plan, with a gold dividend of $4.60 per 10 shares.
Research Assistant: Exploited by gloat, 8.5 per cent long; if the impact of dissipation of Caos and Sunsoon logistics operations is eliminated, by the same calibre,1 the advantages of high-end branding, product packages, scenario programmes are fully realized and the magnified list is taken into account
User value, achieving rapid growth of high-end brands; active online channel transformation and digital marketing, combined global resource integration, building on the leading global layouts; and continuous upgrading of overseas markets;3 through upgrading and expansion of contact network layouts and process-wide digital change in market organizations,
In the context of corporate sales of Māori in 2021, the company’s digital transformation of the supply chain through higher end-to-end ratios and optimized product structures is mentioned.
Measures such as increasing operational efficiency absorb cost pressures and achieve a reverse rise in the Māori rate. On the cost side, roe (ttm) eliminated the effects of Caos operations, with a better sales rate for companies in 2021 and a better management rate than the same.
Realization of 1.1 percentage points and 0.5 percentage points, mainly as a result of the increased efficiency of operating efficiency of the domestic digitalization transition and the rapid growth in the size of overseas markets and the increased efficiency of operations. (2) Net cash flows from corporate operations in 2021 amounted to $23.130 billion, a year-on-year increase.
The net cash flow generated was significantly optimized on a year-on-year basis, mainly because of the rapid growth of net profits and operational efficiency. China’s smart family business grew faster than its smart overseas operations, and income from overseas operations and profitability were re-innovated. (1) China’s smart family business income in 2021 was $120,791 million, a year-on-year increase.
22.2% long; operating profits of $7,456 million, an increase of 27.5% from the same year. The company’s domestic business grew faster than the industry, mainly because: 1 increased market share and the domestic competitive advantage widened further; 2 ka Satti continued to grow at a high rate of over 40% per year in 2021; 3 companies expanded through contact networks.
The Bureau (three-wing birdgates), digital platforms and operating systems are being built, end-user capacity and turnover are being increased by $5.926 billion, or 48.1 per cent, and operating profit rates are 5.2 per cent, or 1.2 percentage points higher. Companies perform better overseas, mainly because of: 1 acceleration in each market.
Initiating cards (seven major brands), the income share of high-end products continues to rise; 2 captures online channels and numbers; 2 captures the trend of literal marketing, continuously increasing the sales share on the line and shaping differentiated competitive advantages; 3 insists on the development of a home-grown operating system, improving the global supply chain layout and increasing manufacturing efficiency, and accelerating the expansion of advantages
The company announces a new round of buyback programs to show confidence in future development. The company intends to use no more than $3 billion.
This buy-back will be used to further improve the corporate governance structure, build a management team, build a long-term incentive and restraint mechanism to ensure the long-term achievement of the company's business objectives and drive the entire stock.
E. Coherent interests and revenue-sharing to enhance corporate value as a whole. Investment proposals: companies are one of the domestic white power poles, well-developed overseas channels, increased sales both within and outside the country. Price warfare risks: price volatility risks of raw materials: operating risks from overseas operations: exchange rate variations.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have either a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a hard-working, professional attitude and an independent and objective presence.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.