Hale Jiist (600690) Home appliances h share distribution programme at site, deep bound core executives, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: The company issues a public announcement to increase the distribution of the h shares in a non-public manner. The sales price is HK$28, or 0.4 per cent and 1.5 per cent of the total; after the sale of the shares has been completed, the shares will account for 0.4 per cent and 1.4 per cent of the total shares issued and h shares.
• There is a wide range of subscribers, with deep binding of the core tubes. There is a wide range of distributions, including goldsunlower and sagantii, pagpegasusfundlp, janchor and valliance, which account for 84/5/5/5/3/2% respectively. Goldensunlower is mainly the company's management and the company's management.
Affiliated company personnel, totalling 404, company directors Liang Haeshan, Li Wahgang, Liu Dalin, who contributed HK$ 1835/183551/101/48.9 million to the total amount of the subscriber, respectively HK$ 2.4 per cent to the total amount of the subscriber.
A relatively large share, with a relatively high percentage of directors-in-charge of second-affiliated companies, and a deep binding of the company’s core executives’ interests, while also incorporating the affiliated executives into the scope and coverage of their interests in ways other than equity incentives. The higher distribution shares reflect, on the one hand, the senior executive’s confidence in the company’s future operations, and, on the other hand, the larger shareholdings.
Corporate governance continues to improve, internal efficiency continues to improve, and money is used mainly to expand overseas production and accelerate overseas business development. The sum of this sale amounts to HK$1.16 billion, with the main purpose being (1) 70% for overseas industrial gardening; (2) 15% for the phase in the esg field.
Investment, including, but not limited to, environmental impact management throughout the life cycle of products, research and development of energy-efficient low-carbon technologies at the end of products, carbon neutrality and capacity-building; (3) 10 per cent for information upgrading in overseas industrial parks; (4) 5 per cent for overseas channel construction and extension.
We believe that, in the context of the high speed of overseas operations, the sale will contribute to the development of overseas firms’ operations in terms of capacity-building and channels.
Heil Jitsi (600690): White power taps are well run. Steady, overseas layouts accelerate, high-end layouts progress well, and “buy-in” ratings are maintained.
2. Hale Jiist (600690): high-end + globalization + digitization and overall optimization of profitability
Hale Jiist (600690): Kassati ' s share continues to rise, with high growth (2021-04-30), both within and outside the country, not having received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.