The single q3 net return profit grew by more than 30 per cent, and 25h2 had a marginal improvement: the mother net profit was $664 million (+28.9 per cent) and the operating cash flow was $1,425 million (compared with Don Ae-jin).
Single-q3 income grew by almost 10%, and the net return earned by mothers increased by more than 30%: 1 in terms of income, a rapid increase in the same rate. We believe that the fast growth at the profit end of company 2025q3 is mainly related to the increase in the Māori rate, which rose by 2.34 percentage points in the quarter of the same period.
The increase in the Māori rate is linked to the growth of the hairy business, such as the Great Health and the Great Nam drug business.
“R & D innovation + internationalization + digitalization” continues to unfold: in the area of R & D innovation, in the third quarter of this year, the parent company Wide Pharmacy Group added one national platform, two provincial platforms, and two provincial qualifications.
At the same time, 10 new anti-cancer by-products developed autonomously by the company's White Cloud Hill Pharmaceuticals are entering the critical registration phase and, if approved, will be the first in the country to be used to treat the national innovation of the ret-ret mutation, so as to meet pressing clinical needs through product differentiation.
In terms of internationalization, the core products of the company have been consistently released in South-East Asia, South Asia and the European and American markets, and the transition from “products out of the sea” to “industry chains out of the sea” has provided a solid basis for long-term internationalization.
The digital transition top-level design, as well as digital applications, talent development and so on, has led to an increase of about 7% in single q2 income, with an expectation of 25h2 performance and an optimal upgrading of the intelligent manufacturing and supply chain.
South China’s drug consumption has grown steadily, with a profit margin of 2025q4 income and profits, or is still expected to continue at a high rate, on the one hand in the q4 drug season and on the other in the 24q4 base; and, on the other hand, in-house institutional reform, etc.
The year 2026 marks the fifteenth anniversary of the “Fifteen-Fifty-Fifty-Fifteen” Plan, and is expected to continue in 2026 under the combined guidance of the new leadership, efficient operating systems and forward-looking strategies.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., ltd Golden House No. 127 Minxi Avenue, Beijing West Side.b
Profit forecasts: we expect companies to earn $7,901 million in business income in 2025-2027, risk factors: product extension risk, unexplored tea market, competitive market risk, \triangleright
In 2024, it was added to the HSV, covering medical services, cxo, upper life sciences, Chinese medicine, etc. In 2023, it was added to the HSVS, which is responsible for research in the areas of medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, icl. In 2023, it was added to the HSVS, covering Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical & pharmaceutical stores, and vaccines.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.