First coverage: Senior Leader of Wind and Power Operation, “In Large Generations and Small” pioneer chinalongyuanpowergroup
Rapping: outperform jiewu • The global champion of clean energy operations, which has maintained the world ' s largest wind and power operator status since 2015.
The shareholders in the company are the National Energy Investment Group, with a direct share as at 23 years old of 54.9 per cent.
In 23 years, the company completed 76.2 billion kWh of electricity generation, or 7.92%. In 23 years, the company achieved 37.640 billion kWh, or 5.6%; the net profit of the mother was 6.250 billion yuan, including 1.2 billion yuan in fixed asset impairments (860 million for large-generation projects), and 640 million yuan in intangible capital.
• Project reserves are abundant + subsidy returns, and self-constructed machines are expected to accelerate. The NEG “XIV” new energy sources add a target of 70-80gw, with the company serving as the group’s new energy backbone platform with a time-limited build-up. (1)
The corporate state makes up $6.42 billion a year (recovering $20.77 billion in 22 years), and the target of re-entering new energy sources is expected to be met. (3) The company proposes a 24-year plan to start a new energy project • business integration, and the value of the green power tap is expected to be clear. When the company returns to the market in early 2022, it promises to do so.
Within three years (22-24 years) the integration of the intra-group residual wind power assets into the fire power business has been promoted, including through asset restructuring.1 According to the Reorganization Transaction Report, the pending wind power assets up to the 21H1 group exceeded 20gw, including the new energy company windmill of the group, which is about 11gw.
Group 05 began to build a business wind project, mainly in the three northern regions, with high-quality project endowments. We believe that companies, as a new energy platform for the country’s energy blocs, are expected to become increasingly green, as market-side mechanisms, such as green power, develop.
The old fleet upgrades are expected to increase the rate of return for the old project. While the old fleet upgrades are expected to increase the use of high-quality wind resources for stock projects and increase the rate of return for the project, they are also expected to increase the size of the installed aircraft by “upgrading.” The company has a fleet capacity of 6.56 million kW in 2010 and before.
Based on a 70 per cent technology change rate and a two-fold build-up, the potential increase in the capacity of the company exceeds 9 million kilowatts; in the context of a successful policy move, the stock fleet is rejuvenated and wind and power taps are expected to move into a long-term virtuous cycle.