Internet Information Services/Internet Media/Media-Multi-Multicultural Programs (IIS/ISM-Multi-Multi-Multicultural Programmes)
The FM platform operates at the core, and the industry-wide layout of the media has been developed upstream and downstream, including film and video shows, poly-multicultural productions, artist brokers, music copyrights, games and ip content interactive operations, media retailing, consumer finance, and smart hardware.
The performance continued to grow at a faster rate of $8.232 billion in operating income in the third quarter of 2019, representing an increase of 14.63 per cent in the same year and a net return profit of $975 million, representing an increase of 19.92 per cent in the same year.In addition, the company ' s Māori rate was 37.58 per cent in the third quarter of 2019, with a net interest rate of 11.85 per cent.
The composite video industry has been growing faster, with a significant increase in membership fees. According to the Chinese Association of Networked Audio-Visual Programs and Services statistics, our comprehensive video market in 2018.
The size of the field is 88.8 billion yuan, an increase of 21.84%. From the combined video market revenue, the share of advertising revenue has declined significantly in recent years, with content payments rising year by year, and advertising revenues and content payments in 2018, representing 47.1% and 34.5% respectively.
The company has become the leader of the industry in the overall market. The company has been able to improve the accuracy of its user group through the "precision" content, the "precision" content, the "urban" and the "women's" platform, and the "good quality selection" content, and the company's differentiated strategies.
Li Xi Wei has made the Internet video business a rapid development, generating operating income of 2,485 million yuan in the first half of 2019, an increase of 79.46 per cent over the same period, benefiting from the expansion and cost of the operation.
In the first half of 2019, 38.44%. In 2019, Mangotv held five seats in the top 10 TV channels (2 exclusives and 3 combined);
Gotv took over seven (6 exclusive and 1 combined). Mangotv has succeeded in rising to the vanguard of the Great Wall Swe S.A.C. to become the leader of the industry in this segment of the market.
The company has a large and experienced production team and currently has more than 1,500 content producers, unique blood-building mechanisms and open, innovative talent incentives to drive the production team.
The leadership of young people has been further strengthened by the continuous production of high-quality content and the continuous upgrading of the company's core content production competitions, the innovative production of programmes such as Wives' Romantic Travel 2, Daughters' Love, Big Breaks in the Secret Room, etc.
With regard to production and investment, Mangotv now has 15 external studios, with a double-up in the number and quality of high-quality dramas. According to the boner heat index, eight of them are solo, well over the past two years.
The latest rate of market gain (ttm, overall, minus negative values) in the business sector is 51.89 times higher, considering that the company, as a leader in the field of philanthropy, will continue to build high-quality, high-quality, high-quality ips and pay fees, and that the number of users will continue to grow faster. We believe that there is still some room for upwards in corporate valuations, because
For the first time, this coverage gives them an “enhanced” rating. Industry competition risk: membership increases at a slower rate than expected: copyright defects and the risk of copyright piracy; failure to examine risks, etc.
1 All-industry chain layout, with faster growth in performance The company formed a collaborative upstream/downstream media with Internet video platform operations at its core, video dramas, ciprogram production, artist brokers, music copyrights, games and ip content interactive operations, media retailing, consumer finance and smart hardware
The industry-wide layout provides a solid basis for companies to continue to deepen their media integration and build large Internet media groups with unique media attributes and content genes. The company’s main business includes the operation of new media platforms, interactive content production in new media, and retailing of media.
New media platforms run retail media outlets New media interactive entertainment content productions have been growing faster since 2017, with companies achieving $8.232 billion in operating revenue in the third quarter of 2019, a year-on-year increase
By 14.63 per cent, a net return of $975 million was achieved, an increase of 19.92 per cent over the same period. In addition, the company ' s Māori ratio in the 3rd quarter of 2019 continued to grow faster in the composite video industry, with a significant increase in the membership fee ratio and a significant increase in the membership fee ratio in the comprehensive video industry.
According to the Chinese Association of Web-based Audio-Visual Programs Services Study 2019, published in May 2019, the market size of the video content industry in China reached 187.13 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 52.80 per cent over the same period. The main driving force behind the growth was short and composite videos: 46.710 billion yuan in the short video market in 2018, a rise of the same rate.
In terms of average daily user usage, the combined video industry in June 2019 accounted for more than 900 million active users per month, the top of the list, the average number of active users per day, the length of one-day use per person, the number of single-day start-ups per person, etc., are also seen as rising, with 47.1% and 34.5% of advertising revenues and content payments, respectively, in 2018.
From a combination of competitive patterns in the video market, it can be broken down into three main echelons: the first echelons are Aki-Arts, Juicy and Teen, with a user penetration rate of 80.20%; the second echelons are Mangotv and Beep-beep, with a user penetration rate of 9.20%; the third echelons are represented by search-and-fox videos, pp and migus videos, with a user penetration rate of 6.70%. Mangotv is the 2018 video site.
In addition, Mangotv was the first to make a profit in these integrated video platforms. 3.2 The quality of the comprehensive programme is constantly improving, with a clear advantage of the head platform.
With the rapid rise of web-based video, after 2016, the number of Internet-based copyrights fell to 174 in 2018, a decline from the same time.
1.14 per cent; while the number of web-based art broadcasters on the platform continued to grow at a high rate, reaching 263 in 2018, an increase of 52.91 per cent compared with the previous year, the size of the Internet-based investment amounted to $6.8 billion, an increase of 58 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the increase in the number of networks and inputs at the S+ level, the head and the waist, which resulted in a qualitative increase in policy regulation, a substantial infusion of funds and the professionalization of the production team.
In comparison with 2017, music, idolism, emotional productions were the most important topic in the new web-based art programme in 2018, with a marked improvement in the overall quality of the first web-based art programme in 2018 and an increase in the number of s+-level programmes, with a breakthrough in the performance of two types of art.
In 2018, the top five web-based entertainment shows were entitled "Creating 101, Sons of Tomorrow 2, Twat General Assembly 3, Illustrian exercise students, and romantic travel of wives." The market for ecclesiasticals, ecclesiasticals, tactiles, and mangotv are still a four-pronged pattern, with mangotv in close proximity.
In 2019, Mangotv held five seats in the top 10 TVs (2 exclusives and 3 combined) and in 2019 (as of 30 December), Mangotv held seven (6) of the top 10 series.
3 Internet video business: the advantage of differential positioning is evident, members + negative growth in advertising earnings are stifling young, urban and female platform users by “finishing” content and using “quality selection” content.
Step-by-step upgrading of accurate user groups, resulting in a strong synergy of content-driven platforms, with full end-to-end coverage of high viscous markets for youth, cities, and women, and guaranteeing a high degree of convergence from clear user groups, precision content products, to advertising customers. Mangotv’s differentiated strategy has led to rapid growth in Internet video operations.
The income from the online video business continued to grow at a rapid rate of 2,485 million yuan in the first half of 2019, an increase of 79.46 per cent in the same year, benefiting more significantly from the increase in the income from membership payments, and the trend towards an increase in the share of composite sector-wide payments. In the first half of 2019, corporate advertising earned 1,699 million yuan, an increase of 62 per cent in the same year, of which the revenue from quality advertising was higher.
It is based on the complete ecology of the entire industrial chain of the Tomango super-media content and a strong ability to innovate in home-grown content, creating a solid, diversified advertising resource system; second, it is based on the differentiated positioning and analysis of the platform's users, leading to accurate placement and enhanced advertising effectiveness; second, it is based on the complementarity and positive interaction between advertising and membership; and third, it is providing individualization of advertising users with customized and cost-effective combinations.
A marketing programme that combines advertising user claims and programming processes, advertising content with ip and video scenes, with an increase of 4.26 million at the beginning of the year, with an average value of 47.36 million dollars, or 11.7 million more than in the same period last year.
The “1+9” hyperpower membership rights matrix, with content as a core full-line development of membership privileges, increased stock members' stickyness, and migration and transformation of ordinary platform users to pay-for-member users; and the second was to take the lead in the lower-line track, with full access to the Mango Box campus through branding activities such as the “Members Open Day” and the “Mango Box Run” of Maroon Hill.
Resource convergence advantages and overall competitiveness of member products; and third, rapid growth in the number of user fees through enhanced heterogeneity cooperation, precision drawing of user profiles and differentiated product strategies to facilitate user fee conversion. 4 Operators ' operations: full license plates and high Māori rates are maintained.
Operators operate mainly through cooperation agreements with telecommunications operators or cable television operators, companies provide content products and cooperate with market promotion and marketing, operators develop users and, when ordered, they share the income between the parties.
And iptv's national content service license plate and provincial broadcast platform license plates, which are the only existing Internet video platform with iptv and ttt in combination. In the context of the growing regulation of the new media industry, the advantages of complete license plates and asset profiles are increasingly being highlighted, as companies continue to push further in the media age.
Media integration provides strong support and security. In the first instance, users reach 147 million, generate operating income of 565 million yuan, an increase of 41.12 per cent over the same period, maintain overall growth at a faster rate, and, in order to facilitate further development of the operator's business, the company will focus on three main areas: the first is the creation of a distinct “mango”.
+Customer Customization value-added services that provide high-value, comprehensive and exclusive content and applications for high-screen end-users; Disaggregated products that drive Internet video operations to extend to household multi-scene content consumption; active expansion of user and fee growth at the end of iptv and the end of ott through collaboration with operators, smart hard-to-end operators; and third, operations within Hunan Province.
A steady growth has been accompanied by an active expansion of off-provincial operations.5 New media interactive content production: a large production team, which continues to create a large and experienced production team with a large and well-established company with more than 1,500 content producers who are now uniquely created
Blood mechanisms and open, innovative talent incentives to drive production teams to produce high-quality content and continuously improve the company’s core competitiveness in content production. With regard to the production of mixed-art programmes, the company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Happy Sunshine, currently has 16 mixed-art production teams, which are innovative.
The leadership of young people is further strengthened by programmes such as Wives' Romantic Travel 2, Daughters' Love, Secret Room Breakout. According to bone data, Mango tv held seven of the total January-June 2019 platform-wide ultimatums of Top10.
With regard to the production and investment of video dramas, Mangotv now has 15 external studios, and the number and quality of high-quality plays have been double-up. According to the boner heat index, in the first half of 2019, the full web review was 50 years before the heat.
Mango tv, which is 14 of them, has been a solo show for more than the last two years. Mango's "The Anthem" is shown on the first round of the Hunan Vigilance, and the gsm City Network is ranked first in the same row of the first time. The "Small of Fire Kings" in the entertainment media is shown on the first wheel of the Hunan Vigilar, while at the Mango tv, Ekichi, and at the same time on the Mango tv.
Yoko, the 15th award of the Ministry for the construction of the "Five One Project" for the construction of a spiritual civilization. Mango entertainment and investment in the science fiction film "The Wild Planet" received the second highest fare in Chinese film history.
In the first half of 2019, the company was evaluated for “The 11th National Cultural Enterprise 30th”; Happy Sunshine was selected for “China, 2019: 100th Top of Internet Enterprises”, the only State-owned stock-holding in Top20; Happy Sunshine, Mango Shadows were selected for “2019-”
In 2020, Mongotv established its own global cultural export platform for “National cultural export priorities for 2019-2020.” Using the six-month period following the reporting period, securities have increased or decreased in relation to the market benchmark index, defined as follows:
The following is defined as the industry ' s increase or decline in relation to the market benchmark index over the six-month period following the reporting period: