The year's performance forecast is slightly higher than expected, and McWear's e-smoking growth is strong — the billion-latitude Lithium Annual Report forecast is slightly higher than the year's performance forecast:
The company transferred 600,000.9 million shares in McWear on September 27th of that year. Lithium primary batteries + lithium ion batteries consumed are growing rapidly, and the participating company McVell is generating investment gains. The reasons for the significant growth in the company's performance include: (1) lithium primary battery business: the company is actively expanding its new business.
(b) Consumption of lithium ion cell operations: use intelligence to wear equipment and e-smoking, acquisition of Huezhou gold, establishment of solid strategic cooperation with well-known local and international brand clients, leading to an increase in corporate business as a whole
Long; (3) increased performance in power cell and storage cell operations; (4) high growth in electronic smoke by the company ' s shareholder McVeer, with a net return of $433 million for the first three quarters, equivalent to an increase of 223 per cent over the year ' s expected performance, which would result in larger investment returns for the company; (5)
The year-end busts are expected to lead to an increase in the load, and the Daimler demonstration effect is gradually fermenting. The company installed 0.74gwhh in January-October 2018, an increase of 236% over the previous year.
In the second half of 2018, the company began to accept a large number of international high-end passenger inspection plants, and the Daimler demonstration effect gradually fermented. The scale effect is expected to grow gradually in the future, and the Māori rate is expected to return to a reasonable range as the volume of goods released and capacity utilization increases.
" O3 net return profit increased by 143 per cent over the year " , " O3 net return profit increased " . 2018-10-28 " Release of non-public release plans, speed of expansion of capacity " .
The upward profit forecast is influenced by the high return on investment due to the overperformance of the participating company McVell.