Electronic smoke super-expected, lithium battery storage powered together, strongly recommended (maintenance) Xu Hao (research assistant)
In the third quarter, operating income increased by 1,125 million yuan, or 75.02 per cent, and in the third quarter, by 162 million yuan, or 81.33 per cent.
E-smoking, higher-than-expected investment returns, a shift in lithium batteries to consumption and high-end power to improve cash flow: benefiting from an offshore e-smoking demand outbreak, the participating company McWeilq3 net profit of 235 million yuan, an increase of 259 per cent, an estimated investment return of 90 million yuan, exceeding expectations, and heating and non-combustion of e-smoking are still in the blast.
The company adapts its lithium battery operations strategy to give up low-end customers, major cash-flowing high-end powerers such as domestic and offshore customers, dischargers and Daimler, q2 diverts the power from the production of three cylinders.
The initial results of the electric tools have been positive, the consumer lithium cell business has been profitable, the company q3 has been operating a net cash flow of $122 million, exceeding the net profit of the q3 major battalion, and the cash flow has improved significantly, with proper management of receivables and costs and an increase in the net profit ratio of the main business:
Corporate accounts receivable and notes receivable control has been effective, with q3 receivables totalling $2,062 million, representing only an increase of q2 billion, representing a revenue ratio of -0.35 per cent, a decrease of 3.89 pct. q3 sales management R & D and financial costs have increased compared to each other.
The company's current power cell load is predominantly lithium batteries, and the company's q3 power cell load is only 66mw as a result of a 38% drop in passenger vehicle q3 production ratio, although next year's new energy and gas subsidy will continue to decline, and the q4 passenger vehicle grab is expected. The three-dollar soft-pack battery has been certified by Daimler and contacted a number of top customers, both in and out of the sea.
The three-dimensional square line has steadily advanced BMW certification, lithium batteries have received long-term orders for communication storage capacity in China, tti and calves have been supplied in large quantities, and lithium battery operations are clear. It is proposed to build a new 5gw lithium battery line by $2.5 billion, continue the operations of the plus lithium battery, expand the scale effect and upgrade the power of the industrial chain.
Broadly-based-Golden Lithium (3000014)-In-depth reports-Software practitioners, high nickel pioneers, 2018,724 Widely documented-Golden Lithium (30014)-bi-annual reviews
A major shift in the new energy subsidy policy and a reduction in trade-affected orders for e-smoking.
Appendix: The financial statements predict that the financial statements of the billions of latitude lithium energy (3000014) will be evaluated at the end of the year.
Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City