The annual performance forecast is published, and the lithium power business is on its way to the harvest period.
The power cell pre-positioning is in the harvest period, and the city's share is rising, influenced by the policy of subsidizing new energy vehicles, and the volume of new energy passenger vehicles has fluctuated throughout the year 2018 (as of 26 November 2018).
A peak was reached. The next three months were marked by a sharp drop in loads, which reached a small peak in September. 10.21 gwh of new energy buses in January-October 2018, an increase of 82% over the same period. Lithium was able to enter the top three aces at 647.3 mwh, after the Ninder era and Biadi in 2017.
The company’s share of new energy bus power cell loads is only 11th. The company’s significant increase in capacity is largely due to the large number of new energy passenger cars (2018 q3) in the major cooperative companies.
In addition to this, company partners increased and entered the overseas supply chain. Companies entered the Woo-toon bus battery system in the first half of the year and signed a multi-year cooperation agreement with Big Daimler.
Revenue structure (2018h1) Added consumer e-markets, addressing capacity bottlenecks, new corporate R & D and production intelligence wearable devices, smart sound boxes, electromagnetizers, etc.
A small lithium ion cell for the product. According to idc, in 2017, the world's stock was able to wear equipment, compared to 300 at depth, and the ball would be able to reach 123 million products, with smart watches and other available products.
The continued spread of products and the expected double-digit growth of the smart wear market from 2019 to 2022. The company's consumer electronics market continues to grow. The revenue from the sales of lithium ion batteries increased by more than 100 per cent in the first half of 2018.
95.24 per cent, yielding 93.15 per cent, and gradually saturating production capacity, but with strong market demand, in order to effectively address capacity bottlenecks, the company's non-public fund-raising will be used for the Lithium Lithion ion Project for Creative Energy Power Generation Batteries and the High Performance Lithium ion for Material Networking Applications.
McVell's performance is impressive, increasing corporate returns on investment The firm's shareholding company McVell's business is growing fast, the company's net profit as an important shareholder of McVell is accounted for in the company's return on investment as a shareholding ratio.
The increase in Māori contribution to open electronic mist equipment and large odm client orders continued to grow, with McWeilq1/q2/q3 achieving net profit of 0.93/1005/235 million, respectively, with less than expected demand in the consumer and power cell markets, high volatility in product prices, new companies
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.