Increased success, advanced power cell "Black Horse" 300014 critical event review.
For the Lithium ion Batteries project, which is designed to create energy power at Quantities, about 24% for the High Performance Lithium ion Batteries project, which is designed to be used for object-based networking applications. For this time, the company intends to raise $2.5 billion in private for the construction of the 5gwh, and 187 million high-performance batteries for object-based networking applications, which are expected to be on average every year after delivery.
For $5,085 million, with a net profit of $337 million. The company expects the sales price of phosphate lithium to be about 0.89 yuan/wh, three dollars around $0.95/wh, and the current market price of high-performance batteries to be sold to more than 5.9 yuan/s, which is currently over 8 yuan/s, which is about 19% of the expected post-partum rate, and is projected to be prudent.
According to the real lithium study, in January-November 2018, the company ' s power cell load was about 0.97gwh, with a market share of 2.2%, and ranked 11th in January 2018, the seventh place. Currently, the energy density of the company ' s three-power storage cells has reached 210wh/kg, with a mandatory national test certificate that adequately meets market demand.
New energy vehicles are growing rapidly, and companies are fighting from the top to the bottom to support their capacity digestion. In January-November, China sold 1.03 million new energy vehicles, an increase of 68% over the previous year, maintaining high growth rates. The global wave of electricization has hit the BMW, Mercedes, popular, and internationalized vehicles such as Toyota, and in the field of electric vehicles, power is on the rise. In the near future, 30 million vehicles, or about 30%, are expected to be sold in 2030.
The demand for power cells will reach about 1,300 gwh, with industry space reaching trillion levels. The company has now obtained a Daimler order from an internationalized car company, which is capable of doing everything in terms of technology, market power, top-down, and is expected to expand the domestic passenger market.
Consumer battery capacity is high, adapts to rapid growth in the network, and expands high-quality production capacity. The company’s lithium ion batteries are starting early, forming a stable strategic partnership with well-known national and international brands, and has long been in the lead. In January-September 2018, the company’s consumer battery capacity was 97%, and in 2017 82%, increasing rapidly and saturating. With the emergence of smart-to-use equipment, electromagnetizers, etc.
As of 30 September 2018, the company had not delivered 23 million orders; moreover, according to company statistics, only 95 million orders of intent had been ordered in 2019, and the capacity of the current project was being absorbed with certain safeguards.
Well, the typical client has a demonstration effect, and this private adoption has helped solve corporate finance problems and contribute to long-term development. It is expected that the rating system's “market index” reference point will be 300 indexes.
The report is presented independently and objectively to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders in the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.
No interest, no use of publishing this report for the improper benefit of themselves and their stakeholders, or in publishing it