Newtimesecurities publish a non-public release plan that expands production capacity and buys it. Of this amount, $1.915 billion is to be used for the construction of the Lithium ion ion Battery Project, which is designed to create a multi-latitude energy-generating energy storage facility.
585 million yuan to be used in the "High Performance Lithium ion Battery Project for Material Networking Applications".
Raised $1.915 billion to enable production of lithium ion batteries with an annual high-performance storage capacity of 5 gwh, and to enhance research and development capabilities by meeting the company’s testing requirements for lithium ion batteries with energy. Currently, the company has 6.5 gwh battery capacity at the gate base, and 2.5 gwh battery capacity at Huezhou base.
Lithium ion battery production has been preliminarily configured as one of the few suppliers in the industry with a comprehensive power cell product solution. If the project is released with additional capacity of 5gwh, scaling production will help reduce the company’s combined costs and increase profitability.
In the second half of 2018, a long-term and stable partnership was established between leading domestic and foreign automobile manufacturers and the acceptance of a number of international high-end passenger vehicle audit firms. The high-end production capacity of the fund-raising project will allow the public sector to add leverage to the high-end vehicle industry, which is expected to accelerate penetration.
• Seizing rapid growth in the consumer electronics sector, addressing capacity bottlenecks, and consolidating the industry 95.24 per cent of the capacity of the consumer lithium ion batteries in the first half of 2018, saturation of production capacity, high downstream demand, and the company's proposed investment of $644 million in “promotion-oriented” applications
The high-performance lithium ion battery project, in which the amount of $585 million is to be raised, will generate the capacity to produce 187 million batteries in the postnatal period.
The whole product is automatically produced in section 2018-09-24 of Lithium Original Batteries. On the one hand, production bottlenecks are resolved to meet the wearables.
The demand for products such as equipment, smart sound boxes and electromagnetizers; on the other hand, it helps to further improve the automation of battery production, ensuring consistency, reliability of products and increasing corporate competitiveness. • Maintenance of “recommended” ratings