Debt advantage is strong, retail and fintech continues to advance Investment rating: buy in (first) state-owned and well-run companies
In the context of the overall credit slowdown since 2012, the build-up bank, which is the gravitation of the industry at the rate of escape due to the size of the credit, still has the industry ' s leading operating capacity and profitability
In 2020, under the epidemic, private loans grew rapidly, with mortgages, credit cards, consumer loans, and loans.
Under the derivative mechanism, retail deposits grew by 16.99 per cent on a year-on-year basis, up from 8.48 per cent of corporate deposits. Retail transformation has deepened, financial and technological inputs have increased. Retail operations are committed to online upscaling and intellectualization, leading to rich scenes and value transformations.
People ' s bank clients (yoy+12.65 per cent) and financial assets (yoy+17.88 per cent) have achieved a significant increase in the volume of non-performing loans, which is gradually decreasing.
While maintaining a strong edge in indebtedness, the Bank has deepened its retail upscaling reforms and increased its investment in financial technology. On the margins, the growth in the balance of non-performing loans has been most significant, and the expected quality of assets has not increased as fast as expected; credit has tightened too fast.
By three indicators, Roe, Roa, and Roorwa, the rate of return on the construction fell from 2012. Roa took more account of the cost of money than Roe, and excluded the impact of the equity multiplier; rorwa was a wind-weighted asset return equal to the core-level capital adequacy factor of roe and measured to take account of the built-in capital.
At the macro level, China’s economic growth slowed after 2010, and the scale of social financing declined. The share of total lending was around 10.53% of the five-year average, and the rate of growth was consistent with the industry’s trend.
Figure 2 shows that after 2010, the overall build-up/loan growth rate has declined at a micro level, the Dupont breakdown shows that net interest income/average assets will remain stable after 2016, while the non-interest income/average assets will continue to fall down. Cost-end asset provision/average assets continue to move up, delaying the return on total assets.
Figure 4 Summary Dismantling of Dubon 2010-2020, with net interest income in 2016 leading to greater drag on roa (net profit/average asset) Horizontal contrasts with the five-year average for 2016-2020, where roa and roe and rorwa are ranked first in the same line as the country.
On the basis of the foregoing, historically, the build-up of credit has not been able to escape from the enormous gravitational forces of economic growth and slowdown, but its ability to operate is still excellent. In a static fashion, the build-up advantage has been very high at the end of the debt.
The shift in the currency and credit environment has helped to increase net interest differentials, and the recovery of residential activity will also support retail lending growth.2 The solid advantage of the end of the debt is similar to that of other State-owned businesses, with a long history and a country-wide reach. It has a large network of grass-roots players.
Point, broad client groups, and large interest-bearing assets. These features have the advantage of size, either directly or indirectly, of the average interest-bearing liability, with the lowest cost of a customer's deposit. The higher the ratio of deposits, especially personal demand, the lower the overall cost of a liability.
A lateral comparison shows that, at the end of 2020, 82.7 per cent of interest-bearing liabilities were deposited, which was only lower than 97.8 per cent in the Postal Bank and 84.4 per cent in the Business Bank.
Further, in the deposit structure, personal deposits account for only 49.4% less than the excellent debt structure of the Postal Bank, 87.8% less than that of the Agricultural Bank, with low cost of indebtedness. In a horizontal comparison, at the end of 2020, interest-bearing liabilities were 1.73%, with a fifth place on the list. It should be noted, in particular, that the cost of indebtedness does not have the advantage.
The rate of return on interest-bearing assets was only 3.77 per cent for the construction of the bank, but, in the event of a loss, it was collected. Conservative asset allocation saves the asset provision, thus releasing net profits and achieving a higher roa. Figure 8 shows a significant advantage in the cost ratio of liabilities.
3. Rapid growth in retail loans and deposits 3.1 asset returns fluctuated more significantly from a structural point of view, with interest-bearing assets having a stable lending share at the end of 2020, with a slight decrease in peer assets and buy-backs
The ratio of sales to financial assets has increased. The ratio of deposits to interest-bearing liabilities has decreased, the shares of assets deposited and dismantled by the joint venture to the centre have declined from the same rate of return to the same rate of interest, with an overall rate of return of 3.77 per cent. The cost of deposits in interest-bearing liabilities has been higher than the same rate, but the partners have deposited and dismantled funds, sold and bought financial assets, and payable.
Cost declines, such as bonds, have an overall cost rate of 1.73 per cent. The rate of return has been greater than the cost of the liabilities, with a net interest gap of 2.19 per cent, a decrease of 0.07 percentage points from the same date.
The former is larger than the latter. Thus, when the policy easing rate falls, the rate of return declines more than the cost rate and the net difference shrinks; when the policy tightens the interest rate, the rate of return rises more than the cost rate and the net difference widens.
The decline in the rate of return in figure 11 for 2009 and 2016 was significantly higher than the cost rate of 3.3 term deposits, which grew faster than current deposits, and in the Division of Enterprise and Personal Deposits, which increased at a significantly faster rate than current, as a result of the high growth in retail loans.
4. Retail and financial technology 4.1 Deepening the digitalization of retail operations
Specifically, it guides the flow of customers by increasing the number of scenes and services and converts them into customers of core financial products. For example, the creation of user accounts, digital payments, the marketing of scenes, etc., have a cumulative account of 10.29 million households. Vertical eco-economy is explored around priority areas such as old age, housing, travel, community, etc.
Private banking is the jewel of retail crowns. By the end of 2020, private bank financial clients had assets of 17,800 billion, an increase of $27,063 million (17.88 per cent); private silver.
The financial science and technology strategy focuses mainly on intellectualization, input from big data and networking networks. Smart integration into a variety of areas such as client services, risk management, intensive operations, and smart government applications. Big data applications play an important role in digitizing operations.
In terms of resource inputs, the number of financial technologists reached 13104, or 3.51% of the group. In 2020, income from e-banking became dominant. In 2020, fees and commissions amounted to $131,512 million, a year-on-year increase.
The growth in income from e-banking has highlighted financial science, technology and applications, and online operating advantages have led to networks that, structurally, have a relatively balanced share of income between 8.8 per cent and 22 per cent of the business, with different business shifts that reduce the volatility of growth.
Figure 16 Pluralizes the structure of fees and commission revenues 6 Increases in the balance of non-performing loans have declined, and the quality of construction assets has fluctuated in 2020 as a result of the epidemic.
The percentage of loans of concern was 2.95%, an increase of 0.02 figures from the end of the previous year, while the rate of non-performing provisions fell seasonally.
Figure 19 shows a decline in capital adequacy, macroeconomic growth is not as fast as expected, credit is too fast to tighten, and revenue includes other operating income.
The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly, the result of specific recommendations or views in this report.