Permanent Electronics (600570) has a strong card position and is expected to continue to benefit from the release of demand in the industry. The company is the leading provider of financial technology products and services in the country.
Business lines have been formed in large retail, large capital, banking and industry, data risk and infrastructure, and S0340521020001 Innovative Internet. Corporate performance has grown steadily over the years, from the first three quarters of 2021.
For millions of yuan, net profit from the deduction of the net return to the mother increased by 596% to 274 million yuan on the same basis. For sub-operations, the demand for securities management is expected to continue to release. On the regulatory side: domestic capital market reforms continue to advance, policy dividends such as rule revisions, product innovation, external openness, and the opening up of financial subsidiaries have been released.
S034052100002 Stock administration needs, which are expected to drive further demand as registration systems are rolled out, t+0 trading systems are implemented, new products continue to land, and further open to the public.
At the industrial level, there has been a boom in the domestic stock market in recent years, as the number of listed companies and the size of their market value have grown, there has been a steady increase in the volume of central water, and there is an expectation that stockit inputs will continue to grow in order to ensure the steady functioning of their operations.
The demand for wealth management is increasing, and the allocation of financial assets accounts for a larger share of the research and development inputs of the S03400520060001 that are in the process of creating a new cycle that will further improve the bargaining power.
Product R & D and technological innovation, both in terms of R & D inputs, inputs, and indicators such as the number of R & D teams, people, etc., are above industry averages. Under strong R & D investments, the corporate product matrix is becoming richer and core products such as uf3.0 and o45 are constantly upgrading.
As the industry consolidates, the public bargaining power is constantly increasing, operating cash flows, accounts receivable, contractual liabilities, etc. Widening the business boundary and opening up new growth space. Companies actively expand their business boundaries by creating convergences.
In the form of capital companies, acquisitions, etc., they have moved into such nuclear areas as bond issuance, insurance, and bank finance management systems, which are expected to open up further opportunities for growth in the future. Investment advice: companies have worked deep in the portfolio area for many years, and continue to raise them through strong and sustained research and development inputs.
As domestic capital market reforms continue, financial markets flourish, and the demand for securities management is expected to continue to release, companies are expected to maintain a clear pre-eminence.
At the same time, companies are actively expanding their business boundaries to include core sub-tracks such as bond issuance, insurance, and banking and financial management systems, which are expected to open up new opportunities for growth. Public 1. Companies are expected to be the leading providers of financial technology and services in the country.
Founded in 1995, the company is the leading provider of financial technology products and services in the country, providing one-stop financial technology solutions for clients such as securities, futures, public funds collection, trust, insurance, private sector, banking and industry, exchanges, and new and emerging industries. Companies now form large retail, large capital management, banking and industry, data risk and infrastructure.
With many years of high R&D investment, the company's technology level has continued to rise, raising its global 78th position to 40th place in 2020. A 6-way map to better meet clients' financial science and technology needs and to provide clients with solutions based on micro-service architecture.
Support financial institutions in restructuring business processes, product resources, and even business models. Of these, “6 rows” refer to re-engineering solutions in a linear environment, re-engineering business processes, business logic, business models, vertical business areas, including large retail operations (fortune management, brokering), large-scale financial management (asset management, institutional services), exchanges and surveillance.
Management of six main areas of business: technology, banking, and industrial finance. “Six” refers to the upgrading of the micro-services architecture, horizontally. Basic services include three main centres of technology, data, business, and data services, infrastructure, and ecological services.
Performance growth has remained robust over the years. The company ' s listing in 2003 to date, with the exception of sanctions in 2016, has decreased significantly owing mainly to the implementation of the new revenue guidelines, the implementation of software projects that had been charged to sales costs and the maintenance of staff costs, project developers that had been charged to research and development costs, and the incorporation of the cost of contract performance into the Institute of Accounting
Cash flow is healthy. The net operating cash flow of the company in 2020 amounted to $1,398 million, with a compound increase of 27.01 per cent since listing. In recent years, both net operating cash flow/net return profit, and net operating cash flow/discount, non-returned net return profit, have remained essentially above 1.
Portfolio demand is expected to continue to release the regulatory side of 2.1: Capital market reforms are continuing, policies are encouraging greater investment in it. Recent years of domestic capital market reforms have continued to expand the demand for portfolio management.
Investor access thresholds have also been raised, which will result in changes in centralized trading, financial management, wind control, etc. In product innovation, the expansion of stockholdings to pilot options has been further advanced, with the introduction of the infrastructure fund reits product, where the roll-out of reits will bring together the systems of buyers, sellers, tas, investment, performance control, valuation accounting, etc.
In terms of opening up to the outside world, the country has further accelerated the opening up of capital markets, with equity funds and futures institutions fully liberalized earlier than in the case of foreign investors and removed the limits on investment by foreign investors. There are now a number of foreign shareholders, funds, and with the pace of opening capital markets to the outside world, foreign institutions are expected to increase.
In addition, bank finance subsidiaries are being approved for construction and start-up. By the end of 2021, 29 bank finance subsidiaries had been approved and 22 had been opened.
In September 2019, the CVM met and proposed 12 priorities for a comprehensive deepening of capital market reforms, one of which was to accelerate the upgrading of technological and regulatory capabilities.
In July 2020, the CVM issued a Decision on the Revision of the Regulation of the Classification of Securities Companies, which provides further rules for the investment of securities companies in the field of science and technology, stating that “the amount of information technology investment by securities companies is above the industry average and is invested in it.
The share of revenue in business income is in the top five, top 10 and top 20 sectors, plus two points, one point, and 2.2, respectively: financial markets are booming, providing an impetus for investment in it. In recent years, domestic capital markets have developed well, and demand for portfolio management is expected to grow steadily.
Market participation continues to expand, with residents increasing their allocation of stock markets through stocks, funds, etc. In the future, as the number of listed companies and the size of their market value expands, the central level of their transactions rises, and the investment of securities is expected to increase substantially to ensure the steady functioning of their operations.
At the same time, the demand for wealth management is increasing and the financial asset allocation is expected to increase further. As of November 2021, the number of public funds stood at 9152, an increase of 17.59 per cent, and the fund at 768 million, an increase of $6.12 trillion in size.
2.3 Compared to overseas investments, there is still much room for improvement in the investment of securities in the country. In recent years, the investment of domestic securities dealers in the country has continued to increase, with a total expenditure of $23,993 million in 2020 and a compound increase from 2018 to 2020. In 2020, Citigroup, Morgan Chase, Goldman Sachs and Goldman Sachs accounted for 12.71 per cent, 8.65 per cent and 14.74 per cent, respectively.
In the future, as capital-market reforms continue to deepen, and as domestic securities markets develop, the demand for securitiesit still has much to release. Strong R & D inputs are in the middle of a cycle, and bargaining power is further enhanced.
For many years, companies have been focusing on research and development for products and technological innovation, strengthening their core competitiveness through strong R & D inputs. Starting in 2016, companies have invested more than 1 billion yuan in R & D each year, reaching 1,496 million yuan in 2020, 5749 people in 2020, and 59.03% in 2020.
With strong R&D inputs, the company’s products have been expanding from the original securities counter trading system, the silver transfer system, and are now two of the best lines of business with large retail and large capital management at its core.
In terms of sales, the main products include a centralized trading system for brokering, a speed trading system whose main functions are to provide access to account management, clearing of funds, commissioning order management, access services, etc., as well as a financial marketing system for wealth management, ta,we6. In terms of major capital management, the products include investment decisions for asset management, investment transaction management, etc.
Systems such as administration, valuation accounting, operation of funds, etc., whose main functions are to assist institutions in building complete investment processes, to support fund managers in making investment decisions, to provide trading platforms for traders, and to provide operational security for back-office departments; and to provide business systems for machine-based services that support bond dealers in providing investment transactions, compliance controls, and low delays to institutional clients, both within and outside the country
Transactions, agency transactions, strategy algorithms, hosting outsourcing, private fund-raising operations, research services, personalized support, etc. In addition, the company ' s banks and industries, the Commercial Bank Operations Department, the Ministry of Science and Technology, finance companies and a variety of industry clients whose main core products are cash management platforms and paper business products; data risks and infrastructureit
The main clients are risk management, compliance management, local exchanges, etc. of various financial institutions. The core products are compliance management products. The main clients of innovative Internet operations are funds, securities, trusts, futures, insurance, emerging and offshore financial institutions. The main core products are one-stop cloud service solutions.
In large retail, the trading system has evolved through the 98th edition, the business edition, the 06th edition, and the uf2.0, the company released a centralized trading system uf3.0 and uf3.0 in 2020, which is fully re-engineered in terms of technical architecture, system decoupling, business design, interface ease of use, etc., with a “high capacity, large co-development,”
In February 2021, uf3.0 went online on the offer of securities, bringing 300+ total business online.
Business-wide processes, which include not only new upgrades to traditional investment trading systems, but also core subsystems such as investment research, investment decision-making, risk management, compliance management, operations management, valuation accounting, etc. Powerful technology kernels that allow daytime transactions to accommodate tens of thousands of transactions.
In addition, o45 has introduced the experience of the world’s leading financial technology firm, Finastra, in investment decision-making operations, to help invest in management to speed up the transition from how-to-buy to what-to-buy to auto-buy.
The market position has been further consolidated. With the support of a rich product matrix and hard technology, companies have developed investment management systems in the securities industry, such as buyer systems, funds, integrated banking finance systems and related areas.
The central trading system is favoured by many customers. It not only captures the opportunities of new dealers (e.g., Yamato, Star show, etc.), but also allows for the replacement of friends (e.g., Kyushu, Kanai, etc.) and raises the market share of the central trading system to 50% in 2019. The asset management product continues to maintain higher markets in securities, funds, insurance, trusts, etc.
Companies have worked hard for years in securities management, and have achieved product coverage for a number of financial institutions. Financial institutions, for reasons of system stability and conversion costs, tend to maintain stability in system suppliers, which helps to further enhance the cohesiveness of their customers and provides the basis for improved bargaining power.
The company’s operating cash flow, accounts receivable, contractual liabilities, etc. is performing in a healthy manner. Of these, the company figure 24: Corporate receivables as a share of income 4. Broadening the business boundary and opening up new growth space
In October 2019, the company signed a joint venture with its wholly-owned ihs subsidiary to register the joint investment in Heng Maizhou, with 67% of the company. Working with ihs, it helped to introduce global leading electronic bond issuance techniques and experience to create global bond underwriting and issuance appropriate to the renminbi.
The network helps Chinese investment banks and institutional investors access global distribution networks to support the opening of China’s bond markets to attract foreign investors to direct investment in domestic bonds, and to provide information solutions for participants in fixed-yielding issues. In 2020, Heng Mai-hyang State completed the foreign distribution of local government bonds in Shanxi Province, together with the Chinese Sino-Sin securities and the Chinese debt.
As the domestic bond market continues to open, foreign investment is expected to further increase its allocation of domestic bonds, and the corresponding demand for bond buying/seller platforms is expected to be released. Purchases of bottany technology and insurance in the area of insurance.
It was established in 2016 to provide solutions and an int service to clients in the insurance sector, and has worked for many years in such areas as the insurance core business system, the insurance Internet station, the integration of the insurance line and several intellectual applications. It has extensive experience in insurance industry operations and information system construction.
Through this acquisition, the company will further expand its profile in the area of insurance, the core area of active insurance, and the clientele of the enabling insurance industry will respond more quickly to business development needs in the digital age.
The core system used by the spring risk business system, which involves highly complex mathematical models, is a highly specialized and technical barrier.
In July 2021, to master this core system, a partnership was established with the UK Financial Science and Technology Corporation, Finastra, to acquire a system of financial management of opics, which is primarily for small and medium-sized banks.
In November of 2021, the network of subsidiaries, the Winners Network, proposed to buy the summit business of Finastra at a price of $65 million.
Summit is a financial management system solution for large and medium-sized banks, covering the main trading scenes of financial institutions, including money markets, capital markets, foreign exchange transactions and derivatives markets, and currently has 17 large and medium-sized bank clients in mainland China and in the Hong Kong and Australasia regions, including state-owned banks, share-stock banks, large city comptoirs, etc.
In order to eliminate internal competition, the company has the capacity to provide comprehensive coverage and financial business solutions for large, medium, and small banking client groups.
In the field of business, the Yunwon network is going to acquire 76.01% of the constant profits held by the company. When the acquisition is completed, the constant profits will become a network holding subsidiary.
As domestic capital market reforms continue, financial markets flourish, demand for securities management is expected to be released, and companies are expected to benefit from predispositions. At the same time, companies are actively widening their business boundaries to include bond issues, insurance, bank funds, etc.
The rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities, and I have been informed independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.