q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 net profits are historical highs benefiting from sustained capital spending by data centre operators, generating 100g & 400g revenue.
Increased cooperation with customers in the domestic and foreign telecommunications markets has also been increasing, leading to a significant flow of market value (millions of dollars): growth. 2021q2 companies achieved operating income of 817 million, an increase of 44.19 per cent over the same period, resulting in net profits.
• Financial indicators are stable and cash flow improvements are evident. With respect to financial indicators, 2021h1 Māori is 32.84% (4.66pcts, yoy) and net interest rates are higher. Net interest rates fall less because of better cost controls, and the three-fee rate is lower.
At the same time, the company's raw materials were well stocked. By 2021h1, the company's inventory stood at 1,113 billion, the ring had improved, nearly double the year-by-year, with a large share of the core raw materials, a strong year-round demand for optimism, and the expansion of markets and capacity ensured that the company continued to grow.
In 2020 and 2019, the company broke through its major offshore clients, phased out 400 g in 2020 and led to a one-quarter review in 2021: sustainable release of potential in all fields, high year-round.
At the same time, the number of customers in the new outreach countries and the number of domestic markets in 2022 are expected to expand. On the 5g side, the three major operators are looking for the "Study of National Dollar Securities Corporation - New Emancipation" in 2020.
At the end of the construction period, the outlook for the second half of the year continues to be positive. In summary, the company's performance forecast for the first quarter of 2021: high growth in performance, high performance, clear competitiveness in all areas of disaggregation, continued expansion of markets and production capacity to ensure the company's future.
Continuous consolidation of the position of the industry. 2021.04.02 Continued improvement in the market climate of the light module, and clear competitiveness of companies in a number of areas of disaggregation.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I have committed to report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author's professional integrity and competence, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.