Taibo, China (601601): Transition 2.0 is still in China, the Chinese Pacificer published 2019 and the Group achieved business income of 3,854,889 million during the reporting period
The company was formed on the basis of the China Pacific Ocean Insurance Company, which was established on 13 May 1991. 8.0%: Mothers ' net profit was 27.741 billion yuan, an increase of 54.0%.
The company, with its headquarters in Shanghai, is the leading "a+h" stock group in the country.
Life, maternity, old-age, health, agricultural and asset management modules have been installed, business plates are being developed in a shared manner; customer needs are being addressed
To promote the implementation of the customer demand-oriented strategic shift towards “client demand-oriented” values and methods, the gold dividend is RMB 1.2 (including taxes).
The theory has been internalized into the company’s life gene: focus on value increases Long: life-threatening business seeks high-quality new business value increases. Corporate business performance during the reporting period is still relatively bright, but there are also concerns.
Long-term, production-risk operations maintain a profit-bearing policy, asset management operations can be summarized briefly as “three increases and three decreases”, and achieving returns on investments continues to outpace the cost of liabilities.
1. Life insurance premiums are reduced and value increases. In line with the company ' s transformation 2.0 strategy, return to home-based focus values is a central tenet, but there is no risk of pain in the process from "weight" to "hard" . While income from the insurance premiums increased by 5% during the reporting period, the increase was largely driven by renewals.
14.4%. The decline in average monthly manpower (790,000, 6.7%) and in per capita capacity ($4212), is inextricably linked to changes in the company ' s strategy of opening doors and increasing staff in 2019. From 4.78%, after a renewal of operations, the failure to reach the mark has affected overall progress throughout the year.
Fortunately, the increase in nbv (-9.3 per cent) was higher than the premium increase, owing to health insurance, particularly the rise in the share of long-term health insurance (4.3 pct), the first profit from the combined health insurance, and the financial boom in the East.
The biggest bright spots at the end of the corporate debt during the reporting period were fiscal insurance, which, under the enormous pressure of transition to increase life insurance premiums, took over the relay rods that boosted premium growth, growing by 12.9% to 132.979 million yuan a year and increasing premiums (oy0.3 pct).
Structuredly, the rate of increase in insurance premiums for cars has continued to slow (oy-1.5 ptt) under the pressure of shrinking demand, rather than the high rate of growth in vehicle operations, which has increased by 33.3 per cent (oy2.5 ptt) per year, with insurance coverage (60 per cent) and agricultural insurance (40.8 per cent) increasing by more than 40 per cent, the main engine of growth in the non-car industry. During the reporting period, the ratio of insurance premiums decreased to 70.1 per cent (oy-4.6 ptt), with non-vehicles accounting for nearly 30 per cent and insurance premiums.
In addition, the cost structure of production insurance has been significantly optimized, and the cost rate has fallen by 4.1 pct (with a reduction of 4.4 pcc) in line with regulation. 3. Equity markets have recovered during the reporting period, while fixed-income investments have been under pressure. Companies have adjusted their investment strategies in a timely manner to reduce and stabilize bond allocation strategies, with low-risk interest-rate debt ranging from state debt, local government debt, and policy-oriented financial debt rising by 3.6 pct to 37.9% on average over a long period of time.
In addition to the fact that over a period of 15.2 years under interest rates, the increase in interest-rate over-extended debt minimizes the risk of re-allocation and increases the overall length of the investment end, the other bright spot at the end of the investment is the rapid increase in the size of third-party management assets (44.3 per cent), which is significantly higher than the increase in group investment assets (15.1 per cent), with the Yangtze retirement management assets growing at a rate of 68.9 per cent, with more spending in areas such as occupational pensions, old-age pensions, etc.
Since the company's transformation 2.0 strategy was introduced, there have been a number of pressures on the corporate liability end. In addition to the firm's firm pressure from the loss of the agent dividend, there is a short-term negative impact of this year's black swan, the transition 2.0 is still on its way, with a slight delay in the achievement of the target. It is expected that the end end of the liability will turn around around May, and health insurance will lead to a recovery in premiums; and the investment end will continue to focus on equity under the rapid downward trend in interest rates.
External risks such as macroeconomic downside risks, market risks, liquidity risks, regulatory risks, the new crowning epidemic, the source of financial growth in the East, the source of financial growth in the East.
East Hing Securities Company, Chinese taupe (601601): transformation 2.0 is still on the way.
B.A., University of Wuhan, Master of Science, University of Nankai, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, five years of non-banking financial research, two years of banking research experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Silver Finance Bank in 2016; first in the 9th Crystalball and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and tenth in the 10th Crystal and Non-Bank Finance Industry in 2016.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.