Downstream demand fragmentation, long-term appreciation of the cost improvements associated with stable prices of raw materials, with a stable share of the world's second-largest profit technology, founded in 1985 as a global power supply for R & D, production, marketing and services.
Sub-circuit base material suppliers, listed in 1998, became the country’s first-ever top/minimum-listed company for nearly 12 months.
And ranking, from 2013 to the present, the total sales of hard-to-eat copper plates have been maintained on a continuous basis. The company’s main copper-cover business, with continuous technological innovation around printed circuit boards, is $202.1 billion, with net profit from the mother rising from $450 million to $2.83 billion.
• The product structure of the old manufacturer is rich, and there is a wide space for the future to develop a deep-deep market for copper sheeting and a strong autonomous capacity. Technology for profit is always based on high standards, high quality, high performance, high reliability, autonomous production of copper coatings, semi-stabilized tablets, zero
The company’s end-products have been applied to a number of internationally and nationally recognized firms, with a greater competitive advantage, and products are sold best in many countries and regions of the world.
Two cars, server pulls pcb usage, with high upstream demand for ccl. In recent years, benefits have been derived from rapid developments in motor motorization and cloud computing, and the market demand for automobile electronics and servers has become more apparent, driving production and usage of printed circuit boards in related areas.
The upgrading of pcie 4.0 to pcie 5.0 and the electronicization of new energy vehicles have significantly increased industry demand for pcb and high-speed high-frequency copper.
The market share of high-end high-frequency boards is to be occupied by United States and Japanese manufacturers, with high technology thresholds, and a high Māori ratio and economic value added. The high-frequency high-speed products developed autonomously by technology for profit have stabilized many customers and are expected to build on them.
A stable high value-for-service localization of high-end copper-plate products and production capacity is replaced by high-end national production, with high price volatility of raw materials and weak downstream demand.
1.1 The structure of the organization is scientificly sound, profitability is steadily improving, and there is no physical control of the human structure and efficient management of the business. The company’s first shareholder is Guangdong Province’s Guangnexin Holding Group Ltd., with 24.76 per cent of the shares, and the second largest shareholder, Togashi City’s Hiro State Investment Company Ltd., has 13.89 per cent of the shares.
The third largest shareholder, Weihua Electronics Ltd., holds 12.76% of shares, and the profit-making share has been fragmented, with no shareholdings reaching 30%, and no single shareholder can control the company’s decision-making.
The Stock Incentives Scheme was divided into four options in 2019, for example 15:25:30:30, of which the first period was reached, with 101 million shares awarded to 479 employees.
Qualifications, with the first share options awarded at $12.55/share. Companies are better motivated to mobilize their employees through equity incentives, making them more attributable and effectively combining shareholder interests, corporate interests and the personal interests of the core team.
The cost of R & D is rising year by year, with a downward trend in the “three fees” rate. Companies focus on technological R & D, with annual renewal of R & D inputs, up to $9,644.29 million in 2021, closely following the technology requirements of the market, technical cooperation with advanced end-users in the city, forward-looking technology planning of products, and research.
One generation, reserve generation, supply generation gradient layout. A series of new products that companies have developed independently competed in the market, and they have made a major effort to innovate independently of technology and patent restrictions abroad, thus significantly reducing our country's gap in this technological field from the world's most advanced levels, with 731 effective patents.
Corporate revenue has continued to grow, with net return profits rising. Corporate revenue has been growing, and in 2021 there was a certain cyclicality of the copper sheet, stickers, and pcb, whose level of Maori is subject to raw materials and supply and demand.
According to the cost structure of the company ' s operations in 2021, the share of direct materials on the overcoat and glue sheets was 88.70 per cent, the proportion of direct materials on the printed circuit boards was 60.59 per cent, and the price of upstream raw materials had a significant impact on the company ' s profitability. At the same time, the Maori rate fluctuated when the supply and demand relationship was tight upstream and downstream.
Over 1.230 years of industrial accumulation, leading the global copper-plating industry. Technology for profit was founded in 1985 as a core supplier of global electronic circuits for R & D, production, marketing and services, and in 1998 issued stocks at the Shanghai Stock Exchange as the first domestic counterpart to the public market.
The Ministry of Education and Social Welfare is responsible for the development of the Ministry of Health and the Ministry of Health.
In the next 10 years, more than five wholly-owned or controlled subsidiaries have been established, two iec standards without lead cem-1, cem-3 products have become the national standard for the first electronic circuit products, through the dual identification of the Guangdong Province Engineering Technology Research and Development Centre and the National Enterprise Technology Centre.
After more than 30 years of exhibition and continuous efforts, the production of solid copper sheeting increased from 600,000 square metres per year at the start of construction to 11,543 million square metres in 2021.
Chart 7 has developed its course, and the company's main business is focused on the copper sheet business, with continuous technological innovation around pcb. The technology for profit is two major major business: the copper sheet and the glue sheet, and the printed circuit board. In 2021, the copper sheet and the glue were collected 16.9 billion dollars.
The main income share for the economic pillar of the company is 82.19 per cent, an increase of 49.23 per cent over the previous year, and the Māori rate is 10,000 metres, an increase of 22.21 per cent over the same period. In terms of sales volume, 114.372 million sq. thousand sq.s., respectively, are derived from a variety of technology-based copper coatings, covering basically all the product types in the market.
The columns can be grouped by downstream applications and characteristics into eight broad categories: conventional rigid products (conventional fr-4.0; non-lead-compatible fr-4.0, fr-15.0; non-halogen-free lead-compatible fr-4.1, fr-15.1; cem-1; cem-3, cem-3.1), automobile products (high-performance lead-free tg panels, high cti high-performance non-halogen-compatible tg boards), radio frequency and microwave materials (ptfe)
Type, thermal solid resin system, hydrocarbon series products, metal-based panels and high-conducting heat products (aluminum-based panels, copper-based panels, heated fr-4.0, other), ic packaged products, soft-material products (copper-covered sheets, covering membranes, non-movable p film, film, slabs, insulation film), high-speed products (medium medium medium medium loss, low medium loss),
Super-low medium depletion) and special products (hard polyamide materials, semi-cracking materials, special glue materials, coating of trees, copper plating)
Since its inception, the company has focused on research and development, production and marketing of various types of printed circuit boards. The company earns reasonable profits mainly by providing customers with customized pcb products through core technology. The product is located in the mid-to-high end application market, and the main product is classified by field of application, including communications.
Equipment panels, network panels, computer/server panels, consumer electronic panels, industrial-controlled medical panels and other panels. In 2021, profit-producing electronics generated revenues of $3.647 billion, an increase of 0.38 per cent over the same period in the previous year, contributing a net profit of $266 million to the continued expansion of the company and a steady increase in capacity. In 2021, 1,543.37 million square metres were produced of all types of copper.
The six main production bases are the East for profit, the West for profit, the Suzhou for good, the Gang Soo for good and the West for good. Many factories are continuing to expand their production, and Jiang Xi for the future is expected to expand to 30 million square metres of the annual copper capped sheet and 56 million metres of glue. Under the current plan, the technology for the production of raw technology will be in the total capacity of hard and soft board in 2025.
It is expected that 150 million square metres will be reached.2 The product matrix is rich and there is a wide range of niches for leading producers in the market for deep-cultivated copper sheeting.
The company's main business is the design, production and sale of coatings and glue sheets, and the printing of circuit boards. Technology is always based on high standards, high quality, high performance, high reliability, and autonomous production of high-end electronic materials such as coatings, semi-stabilized tablets, insulation presses, metal-based copper sheets, coatings of copper, and the film type.
The company’s end-products have been applied to internationally and nationally renowned firms, with a greater competitive advantage, and products have been sold to a number of countries and regions around the world.
The copper sheet industrial chain can be broken down into: upstream - raw material suppliers, mainly electronic bronze, exclusive wood pulp, electronic-grade fabrics, synthetic resins, etc.: medium-stream - copper sheeting, including mainly production of various types of bronze sheet, viscos; downstream - printing circuit board producers and more downstream end-use areas, such as connectivity.
Letter equipment, consumer electronics, server and car electronics, etc. The variety of coatings, which are divided according to the enhanced material used, can be divided into electronic fabric-based copper panels, paper-based coin sheets and composite base-based copper panels.
Polyester resin coatings, etc. Mechanically, the coatings can be divided into two main categories: rigid and scratching coatings (fccl).
One or both sides of a plate made of copper and with heat pressure, are the core building blocks of a printed circuit board (pcb), which is about 30-70% of the cost of pcb raw materials. The pcb in different forms and functions is selectively processed, etched, drilled, and plating processes at ccl and made into different printed circuits.
The boards are primarily interconnectivity, insulation and support, and have a significant impact on the speed of transmission of signals in circuits, energy loss and special resistance, so that the performance, quality, processing in manufacture, water level, manufacturing costs and long-term reliability and stability of the circuit boards depend to a large extent on the corrosion panels.
The glue, also known as semi-stabilized tablets (pp), is one of the main materials in multi-layer production, consisting mainly of resins and reinforced materials, which are divided into a variety of types, such as boulders, paper-based materials and composite materials, while the glues used in the production of multi-layered sheets are mostly reinforced with boulders. A number of stickers are folded together and single-sided.
According to the US Prismark's statistics and rankings of the world's rigid coatings, from 2013 to 2021, the production of plastic sheeting can be used not only to suppress the coatings, but also to sell the printed circuits as inter-layer glued products.
The total sales of hardened copper plates have jumped to the second highest level in the world, with global market holdings stable at about 12%, medium-high, high-value bargaining power.
The number of cars and servers pulling up pcb, the high demand for ccl upstream, the high temperature of the car and server industry, and the continuous increase in the percentage of downstream printing circuit boards, according to Prismark, is increasing.
The four most important downstream areas of the 2019 pcb industry were telecommunications, server computers, consumer electronics and automobile electronics, which accounted for 33.5 per cent, 29.0 per cent, 15.1 per cent and 11.4 per cent of the market share, respectively, of the world ' s pcb industry in 2021, representing a growth rate of about $80.4 billion and 23.4 per cent.
The rapid development of the market’s demand for car electronics and servers is further evident, pulling up the production and use of printed circuits in the relevant fields. As the market is closely aligned with the marketing, R & D, pipelines, etc., companies have increased their production of new materials in the areas of motor power, high-speed copper coatings, and have achieved good existing orders and future layouts.
In 2021, the communications industry continued to weaken, the 5g construction cycle was adjusted, orders for communication networks were reduced, and competition in the market intensified. Corporate management made scientific decisions that, on the one hand, adjusted to optimize the company’s product structure, actively expanded servers, and car electronics.
High-quality client groups, on the one hand, with systems for scaling up and reducing efficiency gains, e-computers for telecommunications, server-based electronics for the consumption of auto-electronics, and medical equipment for military aviation.
Products for reasonable profit, i.e. the purchase of raw materials such as coatings, semi-stabilized tablets, gold salt, copper balloons, copper pins, dry membranes and ink, the use of optimal production processes and process designs, the use of the company's core technology, production capacity, the production of pcb products that meet customer requirements and their sale to customers both within and outside the country.
Our 14th Plan explicitly refers to strategic and emerging industries such as the Focus on New Energy Vehicles, the implementation of future industrial incubation and acceleration programmes in industry organizations such as hydrogen, and the development of new energy vehicles in the New Energy Automobile Industry Development Plan (2021-2035), which sets out the development goals for new energy vehicles in 2025 and 2035.
According to data, by November 2021, China had sold 2.99 million new energy vehicles in 2021, an increase of 170 per cent over the previous year, and the market penetration of new energy vehicles continued to be higher than in previous years, reaching 12.7 per cent.
Electricity/intelligence will continue its high e-studies as the problem of car core deficiencies eases. Faced with market volatility and pressure from terminal prices and delivery, companies have stepped up their efforts to push for new products.
In 2021, the company obtained the certification of a number of well-known terminals in the areas of auto voltage resistance, thick copper, etc., and invested heavily in car electronics development. With the development of auto electrodynamics, vehicle charger modules, power source control, etc.
The carrier voltage in applications such as panels increases further, with higher requirements for long-term high voltage insulation for car electrons. The company studied the long-term high-pressure resistance of different technology platform products and the mechanisms and effects of pcb layers of pressure failure, and developed halogen-free tg, cti~600v to meet 1,000 v/2000h tolerancecaf
Reliability test requirements, as well as -40°c~150°c/2000hr cycle high-temperature reliability tests to meet auto high-voltage applications. Meanwhile, by focusing on thermal solidity, ultra-low-depletion resin, the company has developed electron performance dk and df stability in different environments to meet car 77ghz radar applications.
In 2021, the Chinese server market grew faster than the global market, with server markets warming, public computing infrastructure inputs and policies driving China’s market growth. In the third quarter of 2021, the global server market recovered rapidly.
The digital economy has been included in the 14th Plan outline, which states that the national hub nodes of the national computing network will be set up, the “East and West” project will be launched, and the project will be implemented in an integrated manner.
Arithmetic hub infrastructure. As technology applications such as 5g, cloud computing, big data and artificial intelligence accelerate, the volume of data increases and server platform upgrades, the demand for high-frequency high-speed materials will increase significantly more than before.
Important authentications and new breakthroughs at key terminals. Server platforms have been upgraded as server demands for operation and transmission speed have been kept up and pcb has been subjected to more stringent electrical performance requirements. Intel is moving from 4.0 to 5.0 with cpu connections, upgrading its server platform puriey in 2021.
The maximum transmission distance for the telecommunications at standard (16ghz) is 15 inches and the cost of loss is 10.5 db/in. If the copper sheet material is not changed, the required cost is guaranteed by reducing the distance of transmission, but the size of the main plate will cause a high density of the widgets and a sharp increase in the difficulty of processing. Therefore, the pcie standard is raised to the right level.
The high-speed ccl demand is stronger. Servers still account for a larger share of m2 and m4 during the replacement process, with 15 to 20 per cent of average price increases for each last level ccl. 2.3 Positive layout, high-end copper overboard, and large national production replacement space
Companies are expected to break foreign monopolies and are the leading manufacturers of high-end copper plates in the country. China has an important market share in the top and bottom sectors of the mobile telecommunications chain, such as base station equipment, pcb, and coatings, which are exported domestically, mainly from low-value-added products, such as fr-4 coatings, and high-frequency high-speed steel plates, with high technology content.
The market share of high-end high-frequency boards is dominated by United States and Japanese manufacturers, which have high technological thresholds and high Māori rates and economic value added. Currently, technology-driven and autonomous high-frequency high-speed products have stabilized supply to a number of customers, and product performance has reached international leadership levels and are expected to be robust.
High-priced products and localization of production capacity have led to high-end national product substitution, with a further increase in city occupancy, for example, in the high-frequency area, where the United States targets Rogers, with a huge increase in the share of national production companies. As early as 2005, the company began to tackle high-frequency high-speed containment of base materials, facing a foreign technology blockade.
Under the circumstances, with the accumulation of deep technology and the investment of significant human and material resources, a range of high-speed products has been developed that are now being consumed by different mediums, different power application requirements, multi-tech high-frequency products, and multiple ccl prices are under pressure, but as the prices of the three main upstream materials have fallen, the firm's cost-side pressure is expected to slow down.
On the key assumption of 2:pcb, we believe that the high demand for cars and servers is expected to cover the decline in demand in industries such as 5g, consumer electricity, and so on, and that the Māori rate is expected to be repaired as costs continue to fall. We expect companies to operate primarily in copper coatings, semi-solidated tablets, and printed circuit boards, and we select the domestic ccl and pcb dragons.
My raw material prices fluctuated significantly, and downstream demand weakened. Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in the present report are from open information in the market, and I have done so.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.