Equity incentives show a sense of confidence, sustained push such as corrosion/film incentives to award up to 10.8 million restricted shares (about roughly the amount of corporate equity at the time of the announcement that the sale of corrosion equipment was driven by an increase in revenue. The company achieved $6,264 million in 23 years.
Won, +32.15 per cent, of which corrosion equipment was sold by approximately $4,703 million, or 49.43 per cent more, and mocvd equipment was sold by about $462 million, or about the same amount, a decline of about the same amount, mainly due to 23 years of income growth and higher levels of Māori maintenance, and 23 years of non-recurring corporate losses
About $594 million, an increase of about $344 million over the same period the previous year, and the main change in non-recurring gains and losses was the sale in 23 years of the company of some of its holdings of Taku Tsing Technology Co. Ltd. Shanghai Entrepreneurship Investment Co. Ltd.
Billion dollars, an increase of about $2.04 billion over 22 years of new orders, and higher than that, the company's corrosion equipment has been applied to the global advanced 5 nanometers and below integrated circuit processing of production lines.
email: wuwenji@cnpsec.com has achieved bulk sales of the company's ccp etching equipment, more than 200 stations have been operating properly in the production line, and the company's ccp and icp etching equipment has been in the country for 23 years.
There has been a significant increase in the listing of major internal customers for chip production lines. As a result of the company’s mocvd market position, which is already an absolute leader on the Blue Green Lightled production line, there has been a decline of around 72.2 per cent in the order for mocvd equipment in 23 years.
New items, such as thin film, have opened up new business growth poles. The company's fabric of film equipment (mainly chemical film and extension equipment) is the third largest market for equipment other than light and corrosion machines.
The company plans to roll out more than 10 new membrane sedimentation devices over 24 years to rapidly expand product coverage in the area of membrane sedimentation; and the company's newly developed silicon and silicon expanse epi
A number of new products, such as equipment, bevel etching equipment on the edge of the crystal circle, are also scheduled to be marketed for certification in 24 years. In addition, the company, through its investment layout, has introduced the fourth largest equipment market, optical detection equipment. At the same time, Nanchang, Hong Kong, etc., will be put into operation and will be brought in further.
The size/coverage of the equity incentive over 24 years is wide and the terms of the offer correspond to the major international plant. 24 years of equity incentive are intended to grant no more than 10.8 million stock options to the incentive audience, of which the total number of incentives awarded for the first time under this incentive scheme is no more than 1798, which represents the company ' s total share.
99.72% of the Ministry ' s workforce, including company directors, senior managers, core technical staff, and others whose board of directors considers that incentives are needed. Assuming that the equity incentive was granted in May 2024, this equity incentive will be granted with a larger number of shares and a wider range of people.
Step by step to enhance staff cohesion, team stability, and to effectively motivate management teams, thereby increasing the efficiency of their operations and increasing the company’s intrinsic value. This encourages performance evaluation. Targets refer to the average growth rate of benchmark firm arithmetic, which means the average growth rate of the label arithmetic.
The aggregate value of business income for each year of examination of the proposed enterprise is set at the aggregate growth rate of business income in 2023 (a global semiconductor for the corresponding year published by Gartner for each year of examination with China and Micro Corporation) divided by five.
Companies with the top five sales rankings of manufacturers (other authoritative agency data can be used if gartner is not published or not published in a timely manner); risks of uncertainty in the external environment; risks of technology overlap; and companies with an all-staff shareholding
Governance risk; upstream supply chain capacity stress risk; downstream expansion less than expected risk.  Profit forecast and financial indicators target)
3. If the financial statements for the annual reports of the enterprises are dated within January-September or the annual reports for the enterprises are not disclosed the previous day of consideration by the board of directors of the companies concerned of the proposal on whether or not the conditions of attribution have been met, the selection of the last four quarters of the financial data (including the quarter of the year of examination) that have been released from the firm for comparison purposes. If the financial statements for the annual reports of the enterprises are dated 10-12 December and the annual reports for the enterprises are disclosed on the previous day of consideration by the board of directors of the proposed companies of the proposal on whether or not the conditions of attribution have been fulfilled, the annual report data for the bid enterprises are considered as an evaluation of the annual report data for the year of examination.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.