2023: A steady growth in performance, accelerated multi-product thrusts such as corrosive membrane deposition, research assistant Li Wenwei
The sales of mocvd equipment decreased by 34 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was 1.79 billion yuan, equal to +53 per cent; the net profit from the non-return to the mother was 1.19 billion yuan, equal to +30 per cent. The effects of product structure optimization & scale have been remarkable, with increased profitability.
The resulting decrease in the balance of the liability, coupled with the low volume of shipments due to sales contracts and the resulting low volume of advance receipts, and a significant increase in the volume of company terminal shipments in the first quarter of 2024. In 2023, the company increased by 60.1% from the same year; and the mocvd equipment in the middle emblem was already in blue light.
In 2023, the mocvd equipment order fell by 72.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the corrosion product continued to lead and the plating product expanded well. (1) ccp device: in the logical field,
China Micro Corporation (688012): Three-quarterly reports 2023 have created a more comprehensive coverage of most of the ccp etching applications over 28 nm and most of the ccp etching applications up to 28 nm. In storage, ultra-high-wide corrosion machines are already in use.
Review: Income ends continue to grow at a high rate, focusing on the ability of new households to authenticate 60:1 deep width structures. (2) icp devices: primonovaicp etching products have been tested for more than 100 cp etching processes on more than 20 customer production lines
The process covers 3dnand, dram and logical chips. (3) Mocvd equipment: Accumulation of the third generation semiconductor equipment in the polar layout, and mocvd for the development of the volume application of the ggan power device, known as China Micro Company (688012): mid-2023.
Ready, validated by leading domestic and foreign client lines and obtained duplicate orders. (4) thin film deposition assessment: large investment returns increase profit margins, first equipment: company ' s first cvd tungsten equipment was delivered to key storage client validation assessment, passed through
Client field verification, meeting performance indicators for the metal interconnection tungsten process and obtaining customer duplicate orders, and corporate-developed ald nitrogen-based titanium equipment for high-end storage and logical devices
At a steady pace, the pi equipment has entered the process validation and customer certification stage to meet the electrical and reliability needs of the silicon-extended growth process in the customer ' s pre-programming process.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account the growth trend in corporate orders, we expect the company to be 2024-
Three major financial forecasting tables for Sino-Mino Corporation, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., have been accredited to portfolio investment advisory operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.