Electronic semiconductor equipmentiii Year-round innovation to build etching/film/detection of three major growth engines
On 21 March 2024, the company ' s icp etching device, the 500th response cavity in the primonanova series, was successfully delivered. Prior to this, the company released its annual report for 2023.
In 2023, the company earned $6,264 million, representing an increase of 32.15 per cent: the mother ' s net profit of $1,786 million, and the mother ' s net profit of $626 million, an increase of 66.14 per cent, and the ring ' s net profit of 299.11 per cent; by the end of 2023, the company had a cumulative total of 4,067 reaction tubes in 124 client lines of production, of which 4067 were produced.
ccp cavity 2,857, icp 648, mocvd 544, lpcvd, covering more than 95 per cent of the country's needs for etching applications, continued refinement of ultra-deep-wide technology.
Sun Peak, the company's etching equipment can cover more than 95% of the country's needs for etching applications.
ccp etching equipment: In 2023, the company ccp etching equipment delivered over 400 reaction cavities, over 270 reaction cavities into 5 nm and the following production lines. On logical chips, sd-rie has already taken the lead in the country in the manufacture of logical chips.
After work, the company will achieve full coverage of the logical chip ccp etching process. For the storage chip, for ultra-high depth width ratio, the medium-sized microscopic company: the capacitated dragons have increased their performance throughout the year and, while hand-ordering the demand for etching, the company's active layout is extremely low-temperature etching technology, the major self-researched power of 400khz is blue frequency.
The ud-rie of the one-size-fits-all future-e-gold securities-electronics-plus-medium microscopic company has proven its ability to carve 60:1 deep-wide structures at the production line.
Multiple new items are in the certification phase - Chinese securities + electronics + day, and the 500th response cavity of the Nanova series is being successfully shipped. The twin-star installation platform grew by more than 100% in 2023. Nanovavehp, which is suitable for more deep-wide corrosion of structures, has been subject to bulk duplicate orders.
Medium and Micro Corporations: Performance depths rise with application breadth, etching, deep width ratio and homogeneity nanovalux has been delivered to multiple clients to start authentication. Deep silicon etching, pole development dynamic - performance rating - MSMEs.
In addition, the development of bevel etching equipment on the edge of the crystal circle has been completed, and client certification is expected in 2024.
mocvd equipment is well dominated, and the new products of the membrane sedimentation equipment help grow mocvd equipment: the company’s share in the global market for mocvd equipment for nitro-pyridolled lighting is over 80% and cumulatively delivered to over 500 reaction cavities.
Production certification. The extended production equipment for the sic power device is expected to be 24q1 client production validation.
The laboratory results of the ald titanium nitrogen device used for storage and logical chips show that the film and output of the device are world leaders. The silicon and silicon extra-silicon epi equipment has entered the process validation and customer validation stages.
Investment proposal: In view of the company ' s successful certification and delivery of corrosion equipment, we are 48.4/37.5/28.8 times the depreciation cost of the construction project. The company has achieved full coverage of the corrosion equipment, the film equipment area focuses on film deposition equipment in the conductor/semiconductor layer, investment in the Shanghai wise layout detection equipment, and the three product lines continue to inject strong growth.
Power. On an ongoing basis, it is recommended that the “buy-in” rating be maintained.