The company, as the lead in domestic semiconductor equipment, in 2023, \triangleright.
In 2023, q4 quarter, the company actually earned 2,222 million yuan, an increase of 30.94 per cent in the same year and 46.67 per cent in the ring; and in 2023, the company earned 4,703 million yuan, an increase of 49.43 per cent in the income structure.
Contribution to the main income increase; mocvd operating income of $462 million, a decrease of 33.95% in the same year. On the side of the order, the company signed a new order of $8.36 billion in 2023, an increase of 32.3% in the same year, of which the sustained growth in the new year’s performance of corrosion equipment is guaranteed.
The company has a leading industry in the etching device track, \triangleright Research Assistant Zhang Wenyu.
Technical strength and advanced process capability have recently achieved a variety of advanced process breakthroughs: 1)ccp etching: Damascus etching has entered the lead home-country logical crystallized mill clients for on-site validation, which is progressing well; ultra-high depth-wide corrosion equipment has tested 60:1 or more depth-wide process performance on the production line
1. China Micro Co. (688012.sh) Tri-quarterly reporting point 2023 2) icp etching: introduction of two new icp devices, upgraded to advanced logic cores, advanced drams and
Review: A strong growth in the main etching industry, waiting for process coverage in 3dnand for advanced process products, with a volume of 2023/10/27 etching to the depth of dram compared to the multi-crystal silicon mask
The icp equipment was successfully validated at the client line, resulting in bulk duplicate orders. 2. Medium and Micro (688012.sh) reported in mid-2023 that the new film was well developed and the process coverage continued to increase.
3. Medium and Micro Company (688012.sh) 2022: New film equipment, client outreach progressing well: 1) lpcvd: the first cvd Tungsten equipment was validated, duplicated and developed for high end storage
tungsten filling equipment for the high depth width of the receptacle, which has been validated by the client, has been successful in validating all tungsten tungsten process 2 in the memory: ald tungsten equipment for high-end storage and logical devices for high-end storage and advanced logic.
3) epi: Epi equipment using the advanced process of silicon out-growth has entered process certification and customer certification \triangleright, and we appreciate the company's leading edge in the process of nationalization of semiconductor equipment and maintain a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.