In 2023, and in 2024, a quarterly report was published. In 2023, the company generated 1.69 billion dollars in closets, holistic baths and custom-made wooden doors.
Individualized design, R & D, production, marketing and transformation of products. Companies continue to build and change channels, grind products constantly, and enhance their fashion high-end brand image.
On the ground, the entire cabinet is the backbone of the industry, which includes house-wide customization, closets, baths, wooden doors, walls, smart electrician lighting: $7.90 billion, i.e. +15.4 per cent of the company's product design and channels.
Paper, kitchen appliances, bedding, etc., forming a diversified industry, promoting sales, brand upgrading, expansion of domestic clothing, engineering, etc., and growth based on the expansion of dependencies and channels. (1) On the product side, the creation of orphan lamps is at its core.
Intelligent electro-economy. Headlights are run by bulls and beams, bull positioning, high value for money; beam positioning is high-end, enhanced intelligence and design. Companies respond to product upgrading strategies, 52-week share-price zones.
Increased product power. Trends in industries such as smart and thinness in the development of walled, led lighting; Enhanced light environment and control experience in lightless product lines; innovation in smart eco-products to fit with more family scenes. (2) Channels, promotion of integration, specialization and upgrading to meet digestive needs.
89,154/89,154 One-stop shopping requirements: active expansion of project projects in response to consumption trends
The online channel has been growing continuously, branding has been strong, and companies have gradually made use of digitalized sections to integrate online traffic. The bull has no headlights, no headlights, and since 2023 has built its own channel, a systematic marketing network has been built, and a shop house has been built.
This covers the capital city of the country, most of the local municipalities, and economically developed regions. The end-to-end product and channel is expanding and growing rapidly.
By the end of the 23-year period, more than 17,000 end-points had been developed, and an initial distribution service network covering both urban and rural areas had been established.
The electricity connection business: $7.39 billion, +4.8% of the year, is well developed. The company has a strong edge in the conversion class, and on the one hand it continues to innovate around the breakdown of the electrical landscape, pushing the product chain up.
s14805210001 Guaranteed stability in average unit prices; on the one hand, compliance with different channels to optimize products, promote arbitrage sales, and raise passenger unit prices. Companies were active in developing emerging markets in South-East Asia, including through 23 years of market research.
And the digital component maintains a third-party strategy of excellence and continuously enriches the channel. s14805521080005 actively promotes internationalization and opens up the market space. Internationalization as the third battle outside intelligent ecology and new energy sources.
In 2023, the company set up the Department of International Business and formed foreign affiliates such as Germany and Indonesia. For emerging market companies, electricity connections and lighting will be expanded.
In-depth research and marketing, localization of products is being actively promoted. For the Euro-American market, companies are using new energy chargers and household storage operations as their core.
The same ratio +5.0pct. The increase in the Māori rate has benefited from the fall in the price of raw materials such as copper, and from measures to manage the source of financial prosperity in the East, such as centralized procurement. 23 years of sales, management, R & D costs have been equal to +1.1 pct, +0.4 pct, +0.1 pct, respectively.
24q1 +1.1 pct, +0.2 pct, and +0.7 pct, respectively, the overall increase in the cost rate is mainly due to the lack of a master light, the new energy lines are still in the pipeline, and internationalization is actively under way. Taken together, the 23-year net interest rate of the company is 24.7%, +2.0 pct, +2 q1 plus 2.4 pc, and profitability increases.
In the long run, as new operations are phased out, the cost rate is expected to fall gradually to boost profitability. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: the firm’s two cornerstones of business converters and the strong edge of the wall are expected to stabilize this year.
Stepback recovery; the company is based on channel layout and power-connected technology to expand its product categories, while actively setting up overseas markets and growing rapidly. The company’s past business performance has grown steadily, its strategy is clear, the new business markets are huge, the overseas markets are in need of exploration, and we see a steady growth of the Bulls Group in the future.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Bulls Group (603195.sh): perform well, the new energy business is growing fast, the source of financial prosperity in the East is Liu Tanda.
Chang-jae Shen-Yu-Lun is in the direction of light work.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Bulls Group (603195.sh): Performance is excellent and the new energy business is growing fast, and there is no guarantee that the information and advice contained in it will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.