The growth of the harvest is robust and the profitability of the company continues to rise.
• The growth of the 2024q1 battalion is robust, the profitability of the business continues to grow, the “buy-in” rating is maintained, and the internal supply chain, such as the profit-gaining capital, continues to drive the profits up, we raise the profit forecast and we add a 2026 growth rate, and the foreign market is active in opening up the South-East Asian and European and American markets and providing long-term or incremental buy-in ratings.
• Power connections/walls are growing robustly, and new energy operations are developing rapidly The medium- and high-end products are growing simultaneously in terms of price-for-product drivers.
The source channel c network has exceeded 17,000, the operator has over 1,500 clients, and in 2024 it will boost the domestic industrial and industrial storage capacity and the overseas household storage capacity market; the open light shop has largely covered the country's provincial capitals, most local municipalities and economically developed regions in 2023, and is expected to increase profits in 2024, accompanied by growth in sales.
• The decline in raw material costs + structural upgrades + supply-chain leaner drivers a sustained increase in the Maori rate (+5.0 pct) and the decline in raw material costs + internal precipitation efficiency + product structural upgrading drive a sustained increase in the Māori rate
Ken+New Business/New Channel Contribution Increase - Corporate Letter 2023q2
2023q4/2024q1 battalion growth is robust, and supply chain benefits are positive, income is split by product: new energy business is growing rapidly, electricity connection business is growing robustly Annual converters have completed orbiting plugs, high-altitude plugs, global travel converters, z generation series plugs, etc.
User-friendly product series upgrades. (2) In 2023, smart electrician lighting generated $7.902 billion (+15.37 per cent) and wall openings introduced flutter wings, glass switch plugs to enhance the competitiveness of medium- and high-end products.
Minor engineering projects, space lighting solutions for small- and medium-sized business users: Bull branded headlamps continue to be high-valued: Lightless lights launch a professional light package: breakers complete home-loaded product lines while fixing factory work schedules and new energy-type client product matrices.
In terms of access, the development of professional channels for new energy sources and lightless lights has steadily advanced, creating new and emerging overseas events.
In 2023, the product sunk into the town’s market, along with a full-scale flag shop layout.
(ii) The use of hardware, the introduction of a combination of electric tools, the upgrading of shop displays, the creation of specialty areas, etc., has helped to improve the effectiveness of single shops. At the same time, the company is actively developing new four professional channels, such as fine shops, tidal shops, stationery stores, high-end supermarkets, and has completed the construction of a systematic marketing network in 2023.
In 2023, the company set up the Department of International Business and formed foreign affiliates such as Germany and Indonesia. The South-East Asian market, the upgrading of the main national distribution system, and the opening of the Middle East and South-East Asia.
Emerging markets, such as the United States, have more intensive research and recruitment by distributors. The Euro-American market, with new energy recharge and storage industries at its core, conducted pilot recruitment and testing in a representative country like Germany in 2023 and completed the initial validation of a business model.
Supply chain end: automation, informationization, continuous upgrading of intelligence (1) conversion plant: effective upgrading of supply chain information and enrichment capabilities using digital technology, smart technology. Production processes continue to improve to automate and scale production of wireless products.
(ii) Wall-opening plant: for the first time, a fully automated body was built, which achieved the full line from the beginning of the finished container (3) light-source plant: the first light-dropping lamp in the industry was developed as a flow-efficient human-body line, the first pillar, the first unassembled wire, the first light-set packaged line, etc.,
(4) Lighting plants: Automated wires, such as bedroom lamps, have been put into the basic whole-class coverage. (5) Headlight plants: self-made for some of the key components. In 2023, the company launched an intelligent light industry base in the new district of Kyongchen, Huezhou, and the project is now in its substantive construction phase.
(6) New energy plants: In 2023, direct stream-filling products, power modules, European household energy storage products, self-researching of industrial and industrial energy storage products, especially the annual capacity of the power-filling stump design, have crossed the ladder.
The annual Māori rate splits, the increase in the Māori rate for connection/smart electrician lighting/new energy operations, respectively, is mainly due to market opening and promotion, and the increase in research and development inputs for new products, and the increase in management costs is due mainly to higher equity incentive costs and higher employee remuneration.
We have raised profit forecasts and added a profit forecast for 2026, and the country’s optimisation of full-scale flagship stores is expected to lead to steady growth in revenue collection, and foreign efforts to open up the South-East Asian and European and American markets in a long-term or incremental manner and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Channel reform was not as effective as expected; property sales continued to be weak; and the cost of raw materials was rising rapidly.