Profit growth, traditional business deepening, new Bulls Group (603195), rapid break-through
The company published its annual report for 2023 and its first quarterly report for 2024. In 2023, the company achieved a consistent increase in profit margins and increased market extension-led costs.
In 2023, the company achieved $7.387 billion, or 4.77%. On the product side, the company continued to promote product rejuvenation, the converter focused on user upgrading needs, the need to break down the pain spots of the scene, and the need for overseas differentiation.
The three directions are continuous, the digital components adhere to a third-party strategy and launch a series of innovative products. On the one hand, the company currently has more than 750,000 hardware outlets and 250,000 digital outlets.
In 2023, the company’s smart electrician lighting industry reached $7.902 billion, or 15.37% of the product side.
On the other hand, the company continues to build smart front-loading electron ecology, with smart headlights at its core, including walls, switch plugs, led lighting, bathhouses, smart door locks, smart clothes dryers, etc., for the whole front of the house.
Tens of thousands of decorative outlets have actively expanded in line with consumer trends to domestic dress companies, double-digit growth in the county market, traditional upgrades and new business expansion combined to sank, and have contributed significantly to the consolidation and upgrading of shops.
The new energy business has rapidly enriched the product lines, increasing its combined strength. In 2023, the company’s new talent began to grow.
In terms of products, the company has been able to complete a full-scale picture of electric cars, to refill and discharge the experience, to improve the product layout, and to develop a full-scale capacity for storage, targeting household and business savings in the European and domestic markets. In terms of access, the company has expanded significantly.
At the end of the reporting period, more than 17,000 end-points had been accumulated, with an initial network of marketing services covering both urban and rural areas; b end-of-pipe channels focused on the coverage of institutional establishments, enterprises, industries, goods, etc.
Client development of scenarios such as charging stations, cumulatively over 1,500 clients of development operators by the end of the reporting period Investment proposals: companies continue to deepen their channel layouts, with user needs at the core of their innovation products, and traditionally, they commit themselves to producing the present report independently and objectively, with a diligent approach, which clearly and accurately reflects their research views. Any part of their remuneration has not been forthcoming in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.