q3 performance grew by 69 per cent, with high growth expected throughout the year.
In the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved operating income of $7,766 million, or 11.23 per cent more than the previous quarter, and a net return to the mother of $1,099 million, or 32.25 per cent more than the previous quarter.
24.44 per cent; the net profit from maternity was $436 million, an increase of 68.96 per cent over the previous three quarters. During the reporting period, the cost of the company period was 16.17 per cent, a decrease of 1.39 pct compared to the same period the previous year, mainly due to the outbreak, which resulted in sales costs, military connector leaders, and communications continued to grow.
The company \triangleright is the leader of the military industrial field connector, which is downstream in almost every field of aviation, space, electronics, ships, weapons. The procurement of weapons equipment is expected to increase significantly during the "145" period, serving as the core supply of our aeronautical military connection.
The company’s main clients are Hwa, Naking, Samsung, and so on. The 5g construction is currently under rapid development, and experts predict that the country’s 5g construction investment will reach $705 billion, an increase of 56.7% over 4g.
Fausta's top-selection is expected to drive the corporate industry.
During the reporting period, Fusta, a company-owned subsidiary, successfully released $239 million in stock collection from unsatisfied investors and placed it on the elite. This listing will further boost capacity upgrading and technological inputs, and will facilitate the layout of the PV-intensible radio frequency area in China and the upgrading of corporate value in the capital market.
The company has been farming for many years in the field of connectors, and we look forward to its long-term development. The company's 2020-2022 ps is expected to be research assistant: Liu Mingyang, military orders are not as expected; new energy vehicles are not sold as expected; and overseas business expansion is slow.
1. Summary Report on China-China Photovoltaics (002179), Main Industry Growth, Observing a Steady Year-round Performance Increase 2. Summary Report on China-China Photovoltaics (002179), Main Industry
Liu Mingyang, Research Assistant in the Military Industry, Master of Financial Sciences, University of Texas, United States, 2019, joined the Institute of Civil Securities. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice from the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used in the report are based on compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,