China Air Photovoltaics (002179).
The company previously published three quarterly reports, which, even after deducting significant management costs arising from equity incentives, provided interconnectivity technology solutions in the end-of-pipe manufacturing sector, are still much higher than expected, and we have raised the company ' s profit forecast year-round.
Technology enterprises. The company's products are widely applied to aerospace and military performance, and we believe based on the company's “learning company attributes” + the high profile of the military industry during the 145-year period, communication networks and data centres, orbital traffic, etc.
In the field of high-end civilian manufacturing, such as smart equipment, the stability and certainty of performance are unique in the military-industrial industry.
The military connection to China's PV covers the entire sub-industry of aviation, space, ships, weapons, electronics, etc., and is scarce enough to withstand to a large extent the effects of fluctuations in orders in the different military-industrial sectorsa.
Electricity has been growing steadily every year since it was listed (for 12 consecutive years in 2007 and in the first three quarters of this year) and the weighted average growth rates of revenue and net profits since it was listed have been 25.26 per cent and 22.12 per cent, respectively, regardless of the number of consecutive years of positive growth or the increase in revenues and net profits.
The absolute value of speed is impressive. 2. Platform-based companies called "Category Extension Plus System Integration" increase the added value of a single customer and household stickyness through learning.
Since its inception, the company has taken a step-by-step step from industry spoilers to industry leaders, with the main path being "Purpose Extension Plus System Integrator", starting with a single generic connector (circles and rectangles) to the current high-tech content of fluid connectors, radio frequency connectors, etc., from the original one.
The receiver, the PV system to date, and the solution as a whole, is very solid at every step of the company. By expanding at the level of the single connector system, the company increases the value added and the stickyness of its customers, perfecting the path of the development of the overseas connector industry on the path of technology.
East’s financial and intellectual sources – China PV (002179). The military industry has a steady and happy future, and good companies will be expected to continue to outperform the industry’s demand and supply niches during the 3.145 period, with the company’s main sub-sector taking a larger share of the sub-sector.
From the point of view of industrial demand, the deterioration of the external environment has forced the country to take positive measures in the development of weapons and equipment, and we expect that the rate of military spending will be maintained at 6 to 9 per cent during the 1455s, that the cost of equipment will be on a 41 per cent basis or higher, and that the actual pace of the modernization of the army is expected to be higher than expected; and from the point of view of industry supply, the strong autonomy of the military industrial plates and the typical intra-recycling industry attributes have made the operation of the military industrial plates minimally affected, and that the firmness of the industry is more visible.
The Chinese PV sub-marine industry includes aviation, space, ships, weapons and electronics, among which the ratio of aviation, space and ships is relatively large, while the aviation (main warplane type, accelerated loading) and missile sub-sets (pension material plus replenishment property) have a relatively high temperature of 1455, and the company may benefit. The demand for the shipboard during the 1455s will also rebound as a result of the end of the military transformation, and the company ' s 1455 performance will benefit from the downstream breakdown of industry exposure. At the same time, we believe that the 1455th military industry is expected to have a high temperature from the quarter of this year.
The number and price of the new aircraft will benefit the company ' s performance from the volume and cost angles of the 1455 period, starting with the volume of the 1445 period, where the main fighter, helicopter, transport and coach types will gradually move from a small batch to a large volume build-up phase, where the company will be equipped with connectors on almost all of the aircraft types and will enter a fast-growing period with the release of the downstream main fighter type; and the price of many of the new aircraft will be matched with the production of the company.
The company’s performance will also benefit from an increase in the value of the new single machine, based not only on simple connectors, but on system-level, equipment-level products, and a package of solutions, with system-level or equipment-level products with significantly higher value additions and Māori ratios than the old ones. We have previously suggested that this year’s performance would be significantly higher than expected, based on “income growth plus change in income structure + good cost control during Māori increase +.”
The company is the most definitive target in the military industry, and the properties covered by the entire sub-industry will benefit significantly from the release of downstream orders during the 1455s. Even after deducting the large administrative costs of equity incentives, the three-quarters report is still a big improvement in expectations, and we have raised the forecast of profits for the entire year. The considerations are 43x, 34x, 28x, respectively. As the few platform companies in the military industry, the company is expected to enjoy a higher valuation premium for robust growth and certainty attributes.
Prices, high configuration value, and maintenance of a “strongly recommended” rating. Delivery of arms and equipment has been slower than expected, value added tax has had a higher impact than expected, and military pricing reforms have had a higher impact than expected.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of light and light in the Middle East (002179).
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation (ECSC) reports that China's military industry has a steady future of well-being, and that good companies will continue to be over-expected and will not guarantee that the information and advice contained in it will not change. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.