China PV (002179); three seasons of high-tech technology solutions for military defense and high-end manufacturing.
This represents an increase of 11.23 per cent, attributable to the net profit of the shareholders of the listed company of $1,099 million, an increase of 32.25 per cent over the same period.
1. Profits are growing faster than revenues, with military revenues rising or continuing to rise in three quarters.
The company’s share of military revenues increased significantly or significantly in the first three quarters, and was more visible in the second and third quarters. This year’s reporting season saw a sharp decline in corporate profits faster than in revenue, and in the first quarter the company’s return to work was relatively slow, with a relatively high Māori ratio of military revenues declining.
The rate was 33.26 per cent, a slight increase compared to the previous six months, showing a relatively high or significant increase in Māori in the first quarter of the second quarter, compared to 35.48 per cent in the first three quarters of the company, the second highest in history, and a continued increase of 2.22 percentage points in the ring.
Second, there is a period of cost control or better results, but the combined costs of the period continue to grow faster and faster than the same period. We believe that companies have increased control over the costs of the period this year, or reduced efficiency gains through professional accounting committees, etc., to offset the administrative costs of some of the equity incentives.
Quarterly corporate sales costs decreased by $61.1718 million, while administrative and financial costs increased by $13 million and $24.266 million, respectively, and sales costs (the impact of the epidemic led to a decrease in labour, travel and sales services) partially offset the management costs of equity incentives.
East’s financial and intellectual boom – China’s PV (002179). Three seasons are over-expected, the cost of the last three quarters is projected to rise on a year-on-year basis, and it is not easy for companies to achieve high-speed growth on a year-on-year basis over the previous three quarters.
2. The third quarter continued to record record record performance in the first quarter of the third quarter, with annual performance either better than expected, or higher than in the third quarter. The company ' s net profit from the second quarter of this year was $499 million, up from 46.76 per cent in the first quarter of this year, a record high, compared to $436 million in the third quarter of this year, a significant increase of 68.96 per cent, and, as in the second quarter, a new record.
Looking forward to the year-round performance, we believe that the company may continue to be better than expected. We are based mainly on “income growth + changes in the structure of income + increases in the Māori rate + good cost control.” First, the company’s military revenue volume and share or significant increase in the second half of the year. 2020 is the last year of the 13th Five-Year Plan.
Military orders and revenues were recognized or significantly increased, while demand for military goods was significantly better than in 1355 due to geo-stress. Second, the company ' s overall Māori ratio increased more or less in 2020. It was based mainly on “an increase in the military share + an increase in the Māori rate of new energy vehicles.” Third, the company ' s cost control or continued to have a significant effect during the second half of the year.
3. Full coverage of the military-industrial sector will benefit significantly from downstream orders, and platform-type companies will be able to increase the value added and stickyness of single customers by learning that the company ' s military-industrial industry is fully covered, with the best performance stability and certainty. Military connections to medium-air light power cover all sub-sectors such as aviation, space, ships, weapons, electronics, etc. The scarcity is clear, and can largely withstand fluctuations in orders from different military-industrial industries, while companies act as upstreams.
Since its inception, the company has taken a step-by-step footprint, moving from industry disrupters to industry, starting with a single generic connector (circle and rectangle) to its current high-tech fluid connector, high-speed backboard connector, etc.
Technology content products, coupled with increased value added and customer stickyness through a single-connector system-level expansion, allow companies to perfect the development path of the overseas connector industry. Companies are the most defined target in the military industry, and the properties covered by the entire sub-industry will benefit significantly from the release of downstream orders during the 1455 period.
Even after deducting significant management costs arising from equity incentives, the three-quarters report is still far above expectations, and we have adjusted the year-round forecast of corporate profitability, taking into account the administrative costs of restrictive stocks. We predict that companies will enjoy a higher valuation premium for robust growth and certainty attributes in 2020-2022, plus $1.35, $170 and $2.11, respectively.
The delivery of arms and equipment has been slower than expected, the impact of VAT has been higher, and the impact of military pricing reform has been higher than expected.
China Shipping Photovoltaics (002179). Three-quarters report is over-expected, three-quarters report is over-projected, three-quarters are over-projected, three-quarters are over-projected, three-quarters are over-projected, three-quarters are over-projected, three-quarters are over-projected, three-quarters are over-projected, three-quarters are over-projected, three-quarters are over-projected, three-quarters are over-projected, three-quarters are over-projected, three-quarters are over-projected, three-quarters are over-projected, three-quarters are over-projected, three-quarters are over-projected, three-yearly, six-years experience in securities, six-year experience at the Hong Kong University of Technology, six-year securities, crystal ball, 2019, and one is on the list.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Report (002179); Three seasons of high-predictability forecasts do not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the views, conclusions and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.