The main sector is growing steadily, with differentiated competition widening the Ely shares of the moat, corporate revenue continuing to grow steadily, and the milk powder business contribution rising.
Milk powder continues to grow strongly for 18 years, rising by a margin, and the company’s acquisition in March of a New Zealand dairy producer, Westland’s cooperative dairy company, is expected to boost its future milk industry further. By the end of 2018, the company increased its cold-drinking production reserves, with cold-drinking products accounting for up-to-date areas.
On the other hand, sales in North China continue to outpace sales in South China, where the share of sales in South China has declined, while sales in North China have increased by 30.3 per cent, from 0.29 pct in 18 years to 23.62 per cent in 18 years, and from 18 years to 18 years, where the Māori rate has been characterized by high levels of innovation, continuous optimization of product structure and expansion of the product matrix.
The price of raw milk has risen slightly, with a cumulative increase of 7.0% since August 2018. Against the background of raw material cost affordability, the rate of Māori in a single quarter has risen by 39.9%, compared to 1.1 pct. The increase in Māori is mainly due to the optimization of the product structure.
In the same time, in the product category of liquid milk, gold-synchronous organic hot milk, etc., increases in market shares as high end products, and product high end is driving the overall Māori rate up.
As the new products become market-opened, the company will further consolidate the growth in revenue and boost the Māori rate in the future.
Cost inputs are smooth and moderate, and research and development inputs significantly boost the roll-out of new products. In the first quarter of 2019, company sales cost was 24.1%, compared to the previous line of 1.1pc, which is lower than the two quarters of the second half of 18 years, and the costs are still mainly from online advertising marketing, offline sales cost inputs; and management fees.
The rate of 4.1 per cent was 0.2 pct above the same year, of which R & D costs were $92,382.6 million, an increase of 0.5 per cent over the same year, and the decrease in financial costs was due mainly to a decrease in interest income, resulting from a decrease in deposits of co-workers by companies with financial limitations.
With good cost control, the company has a net interest rate of 9.9% per quarter, a ring increase of 2.2 pct, a decrease of 0.9 pcc from the same period, and a net interest rate performance that is more than expected. The company’s net profit of 2,182 million yuan, an increase of 9.2%, is the same. The company’s other liabilities and other current liabilities have increased significantly in the first quarter.
1 The bottom line of the ERI Stock Exchanges (600887), Annual Financial Review 2018: q4 is over-expected, and the horizontal expansion of ERI continues to open the ceiling, has increased considerably, mainly through the issuance of ultra-short-term finance vouchers by companies.
2- "Eli shares (600887), event review: windblowing 4 and " Erie shares (600887); wind is a good thing to look at, and the cost is not to change the long-term investment logic of Ely."
Ely shares (600887), the main business is growing steadily and competition is widening the moat.
• The company has actively placed the global target for radiation and has acquired the world's radiation business. The company acquired 100% of New Zealand's second largest dairy cooperative, Westland's cooperative dairy company, with over $1.1 billion to sell its products to more than 40 countries around the world, helping companies to expand their operations abroad.
The original milk supply, which accounts for 4% of New Zealand's original milk supply, can effectively help companies access a better and more stable supply of New Zealand milk, which is a major step forward in the company's upstream milk supply. We emphasize, again, that the remaining 10-15% of the warm milk market will be accelerated in the next two years.
Under the trend of low temperatures, downstream milk companies’ demand for upstream milk-sourced pastures will increase further, and the layout of upstream pastures will be critical.  Profit predictions and ratings: confidence is evident in the firm’s steady growth in performance and large-scale equity incentives.
East Hing's Stock Exchange Review (600887); Main business is growing steadily and competition has widened, and research on food beverages, retail trades, social services, light-work paper, agro-forestry and livestock fisheries, and textile clothing has been expanded.
Click here to enter text. Parser's own research view. Any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or view in this report.
Click here to enter the text. The source of financial prosperity in the East. My company has no assurance about the accuracy and completeness of these information, nor about the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.