Repurchases show confidence and incentives to bind interests will be used to implement equity incentives. The resolution has been adopted by the board of directors and entered into force. The purchase of shares will be used for equity incentives.
Undervalued considerations, cumulative buy-backs of 63.94 million shares were written off, accounting for 1.04% of the company ' s total equity stock before the buy-back. Historically, Eli has implemented a number of equity incentives, focusing on management dynamics and business dynamism. 1) Equity incentives: 06 started with options, with a total incentive period of eight years, to be used as an incentive
A total of 484 million shares were held at the end of the year by six executives (Pangang, Zhao Chengxia, Liu Chunhai, Hu Liping, Wang Xiaogang, Jin Joon-young), representing 7.96 per cent of the company ' s total share capital, with benefits tied to depth and added to the grass-roots level.
19-year quota priority strategy, with a clear layout. Channel ends, adherence to downstretched expansion strategy, often with a warm milk penetration rate of 82.3 per cent.
The New Zealand dairy cooperative, with a 16% increase in sales on the upstream milk line, with Monx, Light, 4.06%, -1.2% respectively, on the brand, tops the top ten brands for Chinese market consumers in the United States. The company plans to invest in New Zealand.
“Eli shares (600887); performance westland distribution of overseas milk sources, guaranteed upstream supply, improved competitiveness of high-end products, also in the east, meets expectations, net interest rate ring improvement”
South Asia’s expansion has taken root. Competition patterns for domestic dairy products are optimized, looking at the upper end of the milk, firms are moving through the industrial chain, financial and technical support is deepening and dairy farmers are collaborating, and research shows that Eli’s ability to milk in the north is further enhanced.
3 Eri Shares (600887); Shares have prevailed, and net profits from future expansion will be more elastic.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: long-term viewing of the downfall of the Ely channel + product structure opens up space. 19 years of critical steps toward the company’s 2020 $100 billion goal, internal management incentives to remain effective, external all-round upwards and downwards, scaling up and increasing shares.
Ely's first employee holding scheme East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board