The recovery of the consumer upgrading and recreation research center is a sign of management confidence, and the company's profits are expected to show.
The duration of the repurchase is 12 months from the date of the Board’s consideration of the adoption of the repurchase program, all of the repurchases will be used as an incentive for later implementation. High-value repurchases will highlight management confidence, and equity incentives will be effective in raising core management positions.
The price is much higher than the current Ely stock price (28.62 on April 8th), reflecting management's firm confidence in the company's long-term intrinsic value.
1. “Acquisitions create synergistic value, with revenue-side convergence expected to lead by management cohesion will be further enhanced and corporate governance structures further optimized.”
Behind the firm's confidence is confidence in the whole dairy industry, with two different logics, the Monx benefiting, and a double-hatted pattern. This buyback project not only highlights Ely's management's confidence in the company, but also shows that 2.
The company has a strong faith in the future development of the dairy industry. The logic is different: Eli is about the stability of the intake, Monx is about the restoration of net interest rates, so Monx is not negatively affected.
The 19th year was a good year, and both big profits were expected to show. Our long-term perspective remains the same. From history, 20121214. q3 income is slightly below expectations, the original milk is high, and 18 years will be the year of the greatest concentration of all negative factors, and the likelihood of the future will be accompanied by a shift in variables.
Extremely, the two strong will have better valuations and eps spaces. We still maintain the previous industry report, “This is 18H1 over-expected, high cost affects the worst and the best of times — the milk industry’s two-treath history and where to go in the future.”
From the point of view: (1) the two-Power revenue struggle of 19 years is expected to be milder than in the same year, but not significantly less; (2) a slight reduction in income-side competition means that there is some room for flexibility in 19 years' cost; and  assuming that the company buys back at the maximum ratio (5%) and starts with equity incentives in 2020, we will
Adjustments to equity and cash components of valuation models, coupled with a 20-year management cost ratio due to excessive shareholding/risk of higher cost/higher industry competition Analysis of related report rating ratios in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment