Erie shares (600887), food and beverages, revenue increases slightly faster than expected, and cost inputs to maintain high levels of South-West Securities Research and Development Center (SWIRDC)
• Summary of performance: the company achieved income of $23.1 billion in the first quarter of 2019, an increase of 17 per cent in the same year, and net return of $2.3 billion, an increase of 8 per cent in the same year; operating income of 18q4 + 19q1 grew by 17 per cent and net profit of return by 9 per cent. The income increase was slightly higher than expected in the market, and net profit growth of returns was commensurate with expectations.
Income: Sustained growth, with rising municipal rates. 1. Income: 19q1 companies maintained double-digit growth at the end of their earnings as their market inputs increased. Sub-operational, 19q1 companies achieved double-digit growth in regular liquid milk, milk powder, cold drinks, higher than the industry average; low-temperature milk was affected by the slowdown in demand, wil
Small-digit growth. As a result of the company’s investment in resources for priority and new products, its income is expected to be 2019 q1, with a 39 per cent increase in the company’s average milk market, or 3 percentage points higher in the same year; a 16 per cent decrease in the rate in the case of low-temperature milk; and a 6.2 per cent increase in the case of infant and child milk powder, or 0.5 per cent in the same year.
Point. In the context of rising consumption and rising per capita consumption of dairy products, companies are increasing their brand, combined inputs, such as products, production capacities, and competitiveness; further increases are expected as the company channels are broken down and income from priority products continues to grow, the size of the company ' s income and the city ' s share.
• Profit: The original milk price rises + the cost input, which remains high at the cost. 1 Māori rate: 19q1 gross interest rate is 40%, an increase of 1.2 percentage points from the year to year. At the cost end, during the spring season, the supply of milk is scarce, and the price of 19q1 original milk is 5-6% higher than the same price, but the company optimizes its product structure through continuous production.
In the future, the company ' s Māori ratio is expected to rise steadily: 24 per cent of the cost of selling 19q1, compared to 24 per cent, which is favourable to increased brand influence, market penetration and income.
As a result of this increase in position, profitability will increase, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Iri shares (600887); 18q4 performance over-expected; Ili shares (600887); 18q3 profit end continued pressure and city share steadily increased (2018-10-31)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.