Unprecedented stock buy-backs, equity incentive schemes are open for repurchase (60887), stock buy-back announcements are rated.
The repurchase period is 12 months from the date of the Board’s decision on the adoption of the repurchase programme, the repurchase will be used to implement the equity incentive.
\triangleright year-levels help to define deep shareholders’ interests, company’s core management team. 19 years’ Eli’s revenue/profit acceleration targets are robust, and the equity incentive program achieves hundreds of billions of dollars in escort camps.
In 2018, Ili/Mun Cow earned $796.69.2 billion, or +17 per cent/+15 per cent, respectively, and the net return profit was $6.430 billion, or +7 per cent/+49 per cent, and the company’s growth rate was higher and the profit rate was lower than the Mon Cow.
It is expected that the 100-billion-dollar target will be better guaranteed, and that Eli’s claims to the profit ends will pick up gradually, given the rise in Monx profits. The milk industry’s two-strength 2019q1 ads are running for a slight cooling, and the company’s advertising continues to grow slightly.
Total number of placements/total lengths of TV advertisements 2019q1 Ili 5.36 thousand 224 hours, corresponding to s01051901004 + 2%/+ 8%; total placements/total length of TV advertisements Monx 104,000 hours, corresponding to the same period
The performance of Monx TV advertising has declined significantly, both in relation to the high preheating base of the World Cup during the same period last year, and has confirmed a further increase in Monx’s claims to the profit end. And the timely delivery of the Ilyi drops is still significantly longer than the Monx, but the increase is expected to be lower than the double-digit increase at the end, in particular.
This represents a significant decline in the growth rate of more than 40% compared to 18q1, so that 19q1 IRI air spending is generally robust and the cost rate is expected to drop. In terms of product distribution, corporate gold-salary organic milk/acid milk/baby growth is still heavily dependent on large monolithic strategies.
1. Industry depth report: high company market stability and healthy financial position, the size of this stock buyback will effectively guarantee future equity incentives
Quick change of alcohol, with a focus on sub-highly famous wine and high-quality real estate wine.
The company’s financial statement projections are summarized in Jing, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, and Master of Arts. Entered the securities industry in 2011 and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Human Security.
In 2018, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, joined the public securities industry, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,