The repurchase of the shares of the shares of the shares of the shares of the company is a sign of confidence, and in 2019 there was an improvement in the pattern of leading competition, and the shares of the shares of the shares of the shares of the company were announced for the night.
The equity incentive will continue to be implemented to effectively combine the interests of shareholders, companies, and core teams, using its own funds to repurchase shares in the form of a centralized competitive transaction, with a repurchase price not exceeding 35.00.
Repurchases highlight confidence in the continuation of equity incentives that effectively combine the interests of shareholders, companies, and core teams. Confidence in their intrinsic value and long-term development.
The performance appraisal period for the equity incentive scheme ended in 2018, and continued implementation of a new round of equity incentives would allow for an effective and sustained combination of shareholder, corporate and core team interests, enabling companies to achieve a long period of improvement in the pattern of breast-eating competition in 2019, with a strong competitive advantage for the next two years.
In our April 3st milk industry tracking report and the Sunday observation of April 8th, we highlighted the opportunity to invest in milk taps as a result of the improved pattern of breast tap competition in 2019.
In 2019, based on the performance of the Monx, the firm ' s cost intensity can be reduced by the same scale, the price of the top-up milk is on a mild upward trend, and the pattern of breast-eating competition improves. Specifically, the main basis for our judgement is the improvement in the pattern of breast-eating in 2019.
On the following two points: (1) Monx is more difficult to maintain the margins of faster growth in profits, and Monx is concerned with both income growth and profit growth, which may release some of the profits through the cost side; (2) the original milk price is likely to be mildly rising, leading to better patterns, and the tap milk source industry leads.
Most beneficial. Eli has a strong competitive advantage in channel layout and product development renewal, and can benefit from improved competition patterns between the tops, expected to continue to improve over the next two years, and continue to be strong.
Repurchase program 20190403 not implemented as planned, industry demand growth slowed considerably, industry competition increased significantly, Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc.
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting business, Yu Xiaoqiang