Revenue growth is slightly higher than expected, and it is not expected to worry about the cost side in the first half of the year.
On 25 April, the company issued a quarterly report for the year 2019, which resulted in a gross operating income of $23.13 billion, or +17.89 per cent; a net return to the mother of $2,276 million, or +8.36 per cent; and a basic eps 0.37.
\triangleright is the highest/lowest in almost 12 months, and we judge that the entire first half of the year has cost-side pressures that do not have to worry too much.
As we had previously expected. A slight increase in the cost of sales and in the overall cost rate, as a result of increased q1 marketing inputs; a slight improvement in the financial cost rate, as a result of higher interest income. Overall, the q1 end of revenue has achieved a high probability of completion of the target (+13%) this year;
In terms of profits, 18 years of reporting is conservative (the same as the same) and not too prescriptive, and we believe that the competitive dynamics of the industry will be slightly cooler than they are, and that the probability that companies will grow at a higher profit in 19 years will be able to buy the New Zealand dairy company and improve the global milk supply.
In March 19 the company acquired 100% of the share of the New Zealand dairy company, Westlandco-operative milkcompaniment, through a Hong Kong subsidiary, at a trade counter price of NZ$ 3.41 per share, at a total equity value of no more than NZ$ 246 million. The company is New Zealand ' s second largest dairy cooperative, the original milk supply.
About 4% of New Zealand's original milk supply (2.94 million tons in 2018 and about 880,000 tons in Westland) will be sold to more than 40 countries around the world. When the acquisition is completed, the company will have a high-quality supply of milk from New Zealand, which will, on the one hand, contribute to the introduction of better-placed quality products and, on the other hand, improve the company.
The existing upstream layout, diversification of the supply of milk sources and the mitigation of the adverse effects of volatile milk prices on the company ' s production costs.s01011880028 In the context of multiple cross-border M&As in recent years, it is expected that companies will continue to improve in the future, including through M&As
In conjunction with the 2016 equity incentive programme, it is expected that the equity incentive scheme will be implemented.
The equity incentive program proposes to effectively bind the company’s shareholders and nuclear liquor to a more rapid change of pace, focusing on the interests of the sub-highly famous wine and heart management team. The certainty of 19 years’ income and profit targets is further enhanced.
Good-quality real-estate wine. III. Prospectives for Profit and Investment. 2. Annual strategy 2019 for food beverages for people: close
In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Human Security.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and that, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.