Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco: quarterly reviews of Ily shares: rapid income growth and improved profitability: first quarter total corporate income of $23.130 billion, an increase of 17.10 per cent.
First, income growth has been higher than expected, marketing structures have improved, and the Māori rate has increased significantly, with a high growth rate of 17.89% on the basis of the high growth in the previous quarter. It has not been easy to take into account the relative preponderance of pig springs.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Based on company-disclosed operating data, liquid milk, powdered milk and dairy products, cold drinks per quarter, total market value/flow (millions)
Eli shares (60887), the annual Ely shares report: milk powders are slightly overexpected, cold drinks are clearly better than expected, and their Māori rate is higher.
As a result of changes in the marketing structure of large groups of products, as well as liquid milk, milk powder and dairy products, cold-drinking products, Ili shares (600887), the three-quarterly reporting points of Ili shares continue to be upgraded, with a combined sales rate of almost 40 per cent, followed by 2016.
Consider the small increase in the price of original milk and large powder, the fall in the price of packaging materials, the upgrading of product structures and changes in the marketing structure of large groups of products over a period of time.
And we'll continue to raise the Māori rate and profitability. We'll see that the Māori rate of future major businesses is rising as expected, and advertising and marketing costs are running out of money.
II. Operating cash flows are sound, the quality of statements is good, and costs continue to be high. Net operating cash flows during the reporting period amounted to $1,350 million, a decrease of 19.17 per cent over the same period.
The operating cash flow fluctuated considerably over the past quarter and was relatively robust this year, with a total receivable and receivables of $1.75 billion, an increase of nearly $500 million in comparison/ring ratio, mainly due from super- and power dealers during the reporting period, and the use of banks by distributors.
Increased sales operations resulting from the settlement of currency bills. Advance payments amounted to $2,958 million, a slight decrease over the same period. Increased investment in research and development, while at the same time increasing some of the management costs of the Ministry for the Development of New Businesses and the Establishment of New Enterprises.
Expenditure, the company’s capital spending and cost inputs are long-term and will benefit gradually in the future, but sales costs will remain high in the short term, R & D, management costs, etc. will likely continue to rise, and profits will be under some pressure. We maintain our previous judgement that the company may be in 2020.
The first season’s opening signs set the tone for continued high growth, with 500 billion people achieving higher probability, and the last two years, when Eli’s income continued to grow so high, that it was seen to be “ear-dancing.” The higher-than-anticipated growth in the first quarter of this year set the tone for continued high growth throughout the year, adding 10 billion more.
The company’s profit guidelines were very cautious and conservative at the beginning of the year. A large-digit increase in profits in one quarter also made the market see the possibility of exceeding expectations.
We believe that there is a high probability of attaining the 90 billion yuan income target for the year. And considering the changes in cost, input, profitability, etc., we judge that the net profit margin is expected to be flat or slightly lower, and that the total annual profit is expected to exceed the year’s target.
The penetration rate has increased further; at the same time, new operations, new teams have gradually increased their contribution, and the overseas layout has begun to create synergies, with more statements, and the goal of 500 billion is close to being reached. Our core judgement is that 2020 is a critical year for sprints, and that it is also a harvest window in effect, with net interest rates expected.
The market has embraced the idea of a pre-positioning and raising market shares and then increasing profitability, with short-term incomes growing faster than profits, depending on whether the company’s market strategy is being implemented or not. At present, good and over-expected, the firm’s goal of $500 billion is likely to be successfully achieved.
Considering the valuation premium for the fast-discharge tap, and evaluating the current valuation level of the mainstream white wine company, Eli shares report for the first quarter: rapid income growth, improved profitability.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.