q1 exceeded expectations, branding was added on schedule, 2504 2019. The company issued a report for the first quarter of 2019. 19q1 achieved business income of $23.1 billion (+17.1%) and was returned to the mother.
Net gain of 2,276 million yuan (+8.36 per cent) and net net gain of 2,182 million yuan (+9.2 per cent)
(b) q1 white milk is expected to increase to double digits, mainly through the continued optimization of the company's product structure, nuclear
Increased outreach, such as peach milk, combined with quarterly performance and company strategic planning, is expected to increase liquid milk by up to 12 per cent + year-round.) In the market pattern, the company's head is now in the warm market, with Nelson's data showing that the company's share of regular hot milk/low-temperature milk/baby milk powder market is q1 respectively.
It is a high Māori ratio of non-liquid milk income by 1 pct, and a root study found that the sales cost rate of 19q1 sales is still the same as 1.3 pct, that companies continue to invest more, that advertising inputs throughout the year continue unabated, and that the increase in prepaid advertising sales and materials has contributed to an increase in prepaid accounts.
Plus $740 million. In 19 years of accelerated branding, companies are expected to increase their confidence and encourage the binding of benefits through broad-based investment.
The company announces 16-year options that will be available to the New Zealand dairy cooperative, which will move up the market, involving 237 members of the industry, a circulation of 18,529,000 shares, and the price of the right.
By the end of 18 years, the total number of major executive holdings was about 8% of the company ' s total equity, while the backbone of middle-level employees shared dividends through the employee holding scheme, and the firm ' s interests were tied up in depth. In April, the company met expectations, and the net interest rate ring improved.
Billions of dollars to buy back shares for equity incentives, and continue to follow the path of synergizing staff and companies. As a key step toward achieving the company’s 2020 $100 billion goal, internal management incentives remain efficient, all external forces go up and down, and the sources of milk are better controlled, larger and larger.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board