The company achieved $4,140 million in revenue in the first three quarters, an increase of 56.36% over the previous three quarters, and $839 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
Medicines have been growing rapidly. During the reporting period, the medical plate has been growing rapidly, with business income rising by 41.39 per cent and net profits increasing by 55.85 per cent.
Share price performance (last year) Profit growth has been maintained at over 40%; domestic growth hormone markets are wide, and corporate growth hormones are expected to continue with the expansion of the company's sales pool and the sinking of its distribution channels.
Keeping up the momentum of rapid growth. During the reporting period, the three-quarter growth rate of 100 grams was expected to be slightly slower than in the first half of the year, but with the withdrawal of some vaccine companies and changes in the pattern of competition in the vaccine industry, companies are expected to take over larger markets.
The company’s share of the field, which in the long run has stabilized its vaccine operations. In September this year, the company and Andotek of Iceland each co-financed 50% of joint ventures to develop bio-like pharmaceutical products, and the company’s product lines in biopharmaceuticals are expected to be further enriched.
During the reporting period, the company’s real estate development project was settled at a significant increase in the same year, and it is hoped that the net profit will be recognized for the entire year in excess of $100 million. Cost control is good for the period.
36.56 per cent, a decrease of 5.12 pp over the same period; management costs plus R & D costs are well controlled. Net sales interest rates increased by 2.05 pp over the same period, reaching 29.85 per cent, and corporate profitability increased.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.