The company achieved $4.14 billion in revenue in January-September 2018, a year-on-year increase.
56 per cent long; net return to mother is 839 million yuan, a 72 per cent increase in the same year; net loss to non-mother is 43 per cent higher in the same year; net profit to non-mortality is 303 million yuan, a 55 per cent increase in the same year; company q3 continues to achieve high growth, taking into account the peak in growth hormone sales in July-September (successful last year).
Real estate profits in the first half of 2018 may be lower than in the past (in the first half of 2018, real estate revenues were recognized).
With revenues of $391 million and net profits of $62.69 million), we believe that a growth of more than 50 per cent in non-profits in the third quarter indicates that the company’s main business remains strong.
Corporate cost controls were good in the third quarter, and sales and management cost rates decreased. 3. " High growth is in line with expected business performance - 41.39 per cent growth in corporate pharmaceutical income and 55.85 per cent increase in net profits in January-September.
The pharmaceutical industry, as a leader in the industry, has a significant lead in product-type and market coverage, with the market share playing an absolute preponderant role. We estimate that the growth hormone revenues of the pharmaceutical industry in January-September 2018 and the new 4.
The company’s subsidiary, 100 grams of biovaccine, also maintained strong growth. National water and pox vaccine issuances increased by more than 50% in January-September 2018, and industry’s industry’s leader, Changchun, issued 100 grams of bioprocedures.
A significant share of the annual and pre-September issuances could lead to a new increase for other businesses in the industry if their products were to leave the market, including the end of the vaccine already issued. Competition for competitively enriched agents has intensified: the cost of growing hormone sales has risen: the overall regulation of the vaccine industry has increased.
Risk: Real estate revenue recognition in the first half of the year led to a reduction in the size of recognized revenue from real estate operations in the second half of the year: company management adjustments raised market concerns. Scores, and then averaged the final rating as market average investment