The first three quarters of the year witnessed a rapid growth in performance, with the pharmaceutical plate continuing on 22 October 2018 : a three-monthly report issued by the company in 2018: $4.14 billion in operating income.
One billion yuan, an increase of 74.55% in the same year, is more than expected. Of this, 41.39% has increased the income of the pharmaceutical plate and 41.39% of the income of the pharmaceutical sector has grown steadily: the net profit has increased by 55.85% in the first three quarters of the company. We believe that the main reason for the rapid growth of the drug plate is two: 1))
Growth hormone plates continue to maintain the trend of rapid growth in the previous two quarters; (2) vaccine plates increase at a steady rate, leading to firm growth in corporate performance. We believe that growth hormones in the Golden Race medicine industry continue to continue the trend of rapid growth in the first half of the year.
Corporate performance increases. Growth hormones sink into the grass-roots market as a result of the policy of graded consultations, while drug stores are sold more as a result of the outflow of prescriptions. 2) Supply side: promotion of corporate and university skills, expansion of marketing channels and stabilization of traditional niche markets
In terms of research and development of new products, long-acting growth hormone products have completed IV-phase clinical studies and gained this growth trend. Companies have achieved rapid growth in the reporting period, both in their water pox vaccine and in their rabies vaccine.
Three-quarter batch issuances amounted to 6.2 million, an increase of 66%. Considering that about 660,000 of these were issued by the end of September, the actual sales in the previous three quarters were about 5.5 million.
▪ Corporate efficiency has increased steadily, and net interest rates have risen steadily: in the first three quarters of 2018, the company's efficiency has risen steadily, and the Māori rate and net interest rates have increased steadily. We believe that the rise in the company's Māori ratio has been largely due to a “low-roll-off-up” of the “two-count system.”
The company’s sales and management costs (taking R&D costs into account) fell in the first three quarters of 2018. We believe that the company’s sales costs have increased its performance.
The main reason for this decline compared to 2017 is that the increase in sales costs is not equal to the rapid increase in sales income. The main reason for the decline in corporate management costs is the efficiency gains of the company.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We expect the net profit of the parent company to be a volume-led net profit increase of 46 per cent between 2018 and 2020, which is able to sustain high growth and continue to contribute to the profits of the company, driven by factors such as gradual increases:
The new incident in Changchun, East Wu Medicines, has led to a gradual return of 100 grams of life to domestic sales after the vaccine incident, while at the same time it has been a bioproducer at the MacFun.
With the completion of the art adjustment, it is hoped that the company will make a profit out of the loss. Thus, we maintain the “buy-in” company to publish the three-quarters report for 2018: $4.14 billion in operating income, an increase of 56.36 per cent over the previous year; $839 million in net profit, an increase of 72.20 per cent over the same period; and $818 million in non-net profit from withholding, an increase of 74.55 per cent over the previous year.
In the first three quarters of the year, the company grew by 41.39 per cent and net profits by 55.85 per cent. We believe that the main reasons for the rapid growth of the pharmaceutical plate are two:1) that the growth hormone plate continues to continue the trend of rapid growth in the previous two quarters: 2) that the vaccine plate is growing at a steady rate that drives the growth of the company’s performance.
We believe that the growth hormones of the Golden Race medicine industry continue the trend of rapid growth in the first half of the year. 1) Demand side: The rise in consumption has led to growth hormones, which have contributed to the growth of the company’s performance.
Academic outreach, marketing, and the expansion of a variety of marketing channels to stabilize traditional niche market shares. In the development of new products, long-acting growth hormone products have completed a iv-stage clinical study and obtained re-registration. We believe that companies have grown rapidly during the reporting period, with both their rabies vaccine and rabies vaccine.
In the first three quarters of 2018, there were 6.2 million batches issued, or 66% faster than the previous quarter. Of these, about 660,000 were considered to have been issued by the end of September, while the actual sales in the previous three quarters were about 5.5 million.
In the first three quarters of 2018, corporate efficiency rose steadily, with Māori rates and net interest rates growing steadily. We believe that the increase in Māori rates was largely due to “low-roll-on-high” votes. The increase in net interest rates is due mainly to improvements in the efficiency of corporate management.
In the first three quarters of 2018, both the company’s sales cost and the management cost rate (taking into account R&D costs) declined. We believe that the main reason for the decline in the company’s sales cost compared to 2017 was that the cost of sales did not increase at the same rate as the rapid increase in sales income.
The race, driven by such factors as the downflow of channels and the rising share of new products, can maintain high growth and continue to contribute to the company's profits: 100 grams of organisms have gradually returned to domestic sales after the vaccine event, while the machine's bioproduction process has been adjusted and is expected to recover its losses and contribute to the company's profits. Therefore, we maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Industry change risks, product promotion and sales are below expectations. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory committee