000661: Performance falls but meets expectations, and it's not a big problem to complete our projections throughout the year.
The 18-year three-quarterly report by Changchun was published, yielding revenues of $4.14 billion, resulting in net profit for the mother of $839 million and net profit for the non-mother of $818 million, representing an increase of 56.4 per cent and 72.2 per cent and 76.6 per cent, respectively, respectively.
q3 saw a decline in performance in the single quarter, resulting in net returns, returns and deductions of net returns of 1390 million, 291 million and 303 million yuan, respectively, representing an increase of 32.74 per cent, 43.20 per cent and 55.17 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period.
The company's drug plate will sustain a high rate of growth, the company's 70 per cent core subsidiary's main product in the Golden Race Pharmacy industry is growing faster, and after 14 years of sand growth hormones, the company has significantly increased its sales staff to lines 3 and 4 after the effects of the 14-year long sand growth hormone incident.
Urban penetration leads to a surge in the sale of growth hormone water needles. Growth hormones are driven by two factors: natural growth in the industry, 14 years of sand growth hormone abuse, and high growth in the industry, which we expect to sustain for some time.
In the lead, we expect the domestic growth hormone terminal market to be around $4 billion in 18 years, the gold-spill industry, the growth hormone water needles sales revenue of $2.8 billion in 18 years, an increase of 75 per cent in the same year, and the market share of the market as compared to "Change and New (000661)" - the growth hormones are overexpected.
The pharmaceutical sector will reach 82%. 3.89 million doses of vaccine for chicken pox, the main product of 100 grams of biology, which benefits from two needles of market penetration, is expected to grow by close to 50% in 18 years, and the main product of the subsidiary Gilling Mayfon is rabies.
(a) Vero cells, with 3.5 million survivors out of the market, the company ' s product will grow at a compound rate of 34.3 per cent this year, and the company ' s performance will continue to grow at a high rate, with a good pattern of competition, and the production of protected rivers will not be as widespread as expected;
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.