Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) current revenue of $7,855 million, an increase of 45.09 per cent over the same period; return to mother net profit of $2,254 million, an increase over the same year
73.88 per cent; net cash flow of operating activities of $1,981 million, an increase of 19.29 per cent over the same year; gross operating income of the Public Administration alone of $2,532 million, an increase of 60.19 per cent over the same year; net profit of return of mothers of $782 million, a net profit of $783 million over the same period of increase of 125.65 per cent over the same period; net cash of operating activities of $310 million;
Core view: 2020 performance is excellent, higher than expected; 2021q1 meets expectations. In 2020, performance and profitability increased significantly, mainly in terms of: 1) increasing productive capacity to respond to high demand, and the impact of scale; 2) automating to reduce efficiency gains; 3) proactively optimizing product structures.
On the one hand, there is still room for upgrading of existing product markets through customer outreach and continuous use; on the other hand, the development of non-target new products, the validation of installed machines and the expansion of product types and applications, we believe that in the cyclical track, companies are stifling their performance with scarcity and growth.
It's very volatile and gives a "buy-in" rating. The dredging tank is well-established, the pump valve city is rising steadily, the non-standard business growth is evident, and the company's business is performing well against a backdrop of high engineering and machinery.
Digger tank: In 2020, revenue was 3,127 million yuan, an increase of 42.96 per cent, or 39.81 per cent, compared with industry. In 2020, our excavator industry sold 3,276 million units, a 39 per cent increase compared to industry, with an increase in the rate of growth that is largely matched by our estimate that the company ' s share of the oil tank is stable in the domestic market.
Significant volume growth, thanks to the company ' s increased capacity through automation, with an average product price of $4428, a slight decrease of 1.9 per cent. Non-scaling tanks: 1.370 billion yuan in 2020, an increase of 1.25 per cent in the same year (of which the weight is higher).
Ten thousand dollars, 38.5 per cent more than the same, and the price mismatch is due mainly to changes in product structure, both because the overseas epidemic affects the export of the weight series and because of other leads such as new energy.
2. The epidemic accelerates the process of national production substitution, and corporate performance is as good as ever - the company's three-quarterly reporting performance point.
With the main pump valves, industrial pump valves, hydraulic motors, etc., in the excavator. Medium and large pump valves continue at 2021q1, with two new production lines, with a combined total of 10 medium and large pump valves.
In the future, as production capacity continues to climb, the cities of China and the Great Digging Pump valves continue to account for the share of hydraulic systems and accessories (including castings): in 2020, revenues of $157 million and $845 million were realized, an increase of 82.86 per cent and 68.76 per cent, respectively.
New productive capacity has been established; the foundlings have a monthly capacity of 0.5 million tons in phase II and have significantly increased their overall profitability at capacity-building, with a robust cost-controllable Māori rate and increased overall profitability.
During the year, the rates were 46.80 per cent for hydraulic tanks, 52.27 per cent for hydraulic pump valves, and 52.27 per cent for hydraulic systems. The rates fluctuated considerably for different downstream areas. The increase in the rates was due to economies of scale and product structure.
On the one hand, the cost of raw materials has increased significantly since December 2020, while on the other hand, the cooperative relationship of low-visit tourists with raw materials suppliers has long been stable, negotiated at the beginning of the year, and the cost end is expected to remain stable throughout the year; and on the other hand, an advance of $700 million for 2q1, representing an increase of 342 per cent over the same period, mainly to suppliers.
We believe that the company ' s 2021 Māori ratio will remain at 41%.
• Industry is export-oriented, companies are still growing in the future: at the industry level: the epidemic has a different pace of impact on domestic and foreign markets, with a focus on exports after q2. Market concerns about falling industry cycles persist, with excavators as an example, returning to work in 2020.
In the context of the increased control of the epidemic, export markets are expected to grow at a high rate. Growth at the corporate level is largely reflected in an increase in the market share of one product: global excavator sales from off-highwayresearch, from 2018 to 2020, according to our estimates.
The oil tank has 16 per cent, 18 per cent and 27 per cent of the global market, respectively, and pump valve products, which, on the one hand, account for about 9 per cent and 30 per cent of the market share in the domestic market, while, on the other hand, overseas customers are now only from Dooyama, Korea, and Carter, with only one-digit share.
In the case of oil tanks, walking fields, awp swinging tanks are expected to be operational in May 2021; in the case of new energy sources, they are expanding smoothly and are constantly applied to projects such as light heat and wind power. In the case of pump valves, they are applicable to seaworks, shielding, etc.
Products such as the v30g series of industrial pumps in the field of test stations, as well as the electromagnetic valves for multidisciplinary applications, have been validated through market-loaded machines, and product expansion has accelerated. Lack and growth are expected to smooth out fluctuations in performance, giving a “buy-in” rating.
Investments in infrastructure, real estate, etc., have fallen dramatically, new products have been developed at a slower pace than expected, downstream prices have increased, and cost-side pressures have spread upstream.
Since 2008, the excavator industry has been going through three phases, and chart 4 shows a three-stage compound increase in revenue over the excavator industry.
Chart 6 is the global layout of the Helium Hydraulic Pressure, Chart 8 is over 50% of the tank, Chart 9 is downstream client Trinity, and Xu's is rising.
Figure 102020 Oil tank business income amounted to 65.4 per cent, Chart 15 Māori ratio for different products, and Chart 16 cost control has been significant.
Figure 17 shows a relatively stable share of R & D costs Chart 18 shows a trend of matching net profit with operating cash flows Chart 18 closely follows the mechanical white flag, with a focus on engineering machinery, lithium power equipment, general-purpose equipment, transhipment, etc.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.