Working to become an international high-end market participant, supporting the future with constant hydraulic pressure (60110.sh) billion yuan, an increase of 73.88 per cent over the same period; ps 1.73 dollars.
The company's performance is slightly higher than expected, benefiting from the downstream industry. Don't worry about the impact of the epidemic, 2020.
The year’s boom in engineering and machinery has led to a high annual cumulative increase of 39% against a high base. The company also benefits from this increase in the share of the company’s various products in the market, which is overstretched to support the industry.
With regard to the non-scaling tanks, although there has been a loss of orders from core overseas customers affected by the epidemic, the company has been active in developing domestic customers, and revenue from the non-scaling tanks has been positive throughout the year, with an actual expected non-specify sales of 12.36 million. We believe that the volume of downstream engineering machinery and the start-up of the work is high.
There is still room for greater growth in company performance in the future, as the company’s oil tanks and other hydraulic products are growing steadily. The scale effect is evident, the product structure is optimized, and profitability is significantly increased.
Interest rate of 44.10 per cent (+6.33 pcts), with a significant increase in scale effects and sustained optimization of product structure. Sub-products, 46.80 per cent of hydraulic tank Mauritius (+7.37 pcts) and 52.27 per cent of hydraulic pump valves gross (+14.35 pcts).
There has been a significant increase in sales volume, with hydraulic technology revenues increasing by 102.23% over the same period. At the same time, companies have become stronger in internal management, with sales and management rates down by 1.72 percentage points from the same period last year.
High R&D spending, expansion of overseas markets, and efforts to become an international high-end market participant. By 2020, the share of industry revenue reached 3.93%.
And motors, with a rapid increase in the market share of medium-sized and large excavator applications. Firms, while consolidating their share of existing downstream areas, are also actively pursuing new product series research and development to further expand applications. During the reporting period, companies established new companies in Chicago, United States, Tokyo, Japan, etc.
By actively expanding and developing overseas markets, we are committed to becoming providers of high-end hydraulic packages of international influence, as well as of hydraulic technology programmes. We believe that, given the impact of the epidemic, companies will gradually increase their international influence by relying on the core competitiveness of their products, or by opening up foreign markets.
The investment proposal: Given the company’s core competitiveness in hydraulic components and systems, and given the current business climate and its profitability, we expect that corporate performance will continue to grow steadily.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
First in the industry in the financial world, and fourth in honor of the New Wealth Corps in 2015. Master of Arts, University of France, University of Harbin, and Bachelor of Arts, University of Industry, University of Harbin, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018.