The reason for the report is: the annual report, the quarterly reviews.
The company issued its annual report for 2020, which generated operating income of $7,855 million, an increase of 45.09 per cent over the same period; and $1 billion, an increase of 73.88 per cent over the same year.
In the first quarter of 2021, the company issued a report on operating income of 2,857 million yuan, an increase of 108.71 per cent in the same year; the net profit on maternity was 783 million yuan, an increase of 125.53 per cent in the same year.
The industry statistics of the \triangleright Industrial Association show that in 2020 the number of domestic excavators was 3,276 thousand, a 39% increase over the same period. In January-March 2021, 1,26941 excavators were sold, an increase of 85% over the same period.
There has been a strong increase in market demand in the tourism sector, with companies’ main products, such as excavator tanks, non-scaling tanks, excavators valves, etc., steadily increasing their share of the market, depending on the core competitiveness of the product and market influence. In 2020, companies generated $3.27 billion in hydraulic cylinders, non-scaling tanks, pump valves, foundries and accessories, and hydraulic systems, respectively.
1370 million yuan, 2,338 million yuan, 845 million yuan and 157 million yuan, respectively, representing an increase of 42.96 per cent, 1.25 per cent, respectively, and a breakdown of operations: 7,061 million excavators were sold in 2020, an increase of 45.65 per cent, an increase of 3,327 million yuan, an increase of 42.96 per cent; high loads of company lines and downstream dredging countries
The high rate of production supported the company's rapid growth of the excavator tank; the combined sales of the non-scaling tank were 12.36 million, a decline of 26 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the impact of the overseas epidemic.
The hydraulic pump valves continue to be pumped up, with two new production lines expanded during the first quarter, with a further increase in the production of the pump valves to a total of 10 production lines.
Hydraulic systems and castings, three new plates of hydraulic systems have landed, production can be released gradually, and the casting plant II production capacity is steadily going up the slopes, at 28 Middle Sea Street, Peace Rixie Street, in Beijing City.
The 7th floor of the Center, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd., has a strong demand for downstream engineering machinery and a strong demand for the company's excavator tank.
With the acceleration of the replacement of hydraulics, we have a long-standing interest in the company’s continuous development of downstream hydraulics in other areas, and its continuous replacement of domestic production. Small models and wide downstream applications; and the increase in the Māori rate of oil tanks and pump valves benefit mainly from scale effects.
Use and management rates will maintain the overall downward trend. The beneficial scale effect will be to watch the company’s downstream business continue to expand. \triangleright, based on China’s hydraulic aerodynamic \triangleright
Data from the Seal Industries Association, which in 2020 was about 72.8 billion yuan in the market for hydraulics in China. Engineering machinery is the most important downstream application. As a leading enterprise in the field of hydraulics in the country, the company has in recent years made a technological challenge of replacing core components such as the Qurquoise Tank, hydraulic pump valves, etc., by replacing foreign brands.
At the same time, the high sales of hydraulic products have led to rapid growth in corporate performance; the company ' s non-flagged tank industry has been widely applied, multi-products have entered a high-speed development period and is expected to continue in the future: hydraulic pumps, valve operations are growing rapidly, the national production replacement process is accelerating and is expected to outpace the tank and future replacement space.
At the same time, companies are actively exploring overseas markets, and in the future overseas operations are expected to become a continuing downswing in corporate \triangleright macroeconomics; capital investment has declined significantly; new products are not being promoted as expected; markets are not being promoted as well;
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.