Eastern wealth (300059): In-depth report.
With the efficient integration and optimization of the income structure following the acquisition of Eastern wealth securities, the share of income earned by the comptoirs in 2016 has risen significantly to 49 per cent, making it a new business of power and weight.
The financial platform’s large-volume user advantage + ultra-low commission rate (0.029%) and the Eastern wealth securities broker’s market share have risen significantly to 1.52%, now surpassing medium-sized coupons such as the East Wu, the Heng industry, and the State’s Treasury, while Internet securities operate at a profit margin higher than traditional bond dealers.
Ensure a high and synchronized growth in performance. 3) Benefiting from the change in the user base of the parent company platform, the market share of the two business centres rose rapidly to 0.62 per cent, contributing to an increase of 146 per cent in interest income in 2016 compared to the previous year.
(Operations) It is expected that the two-pronged operations will be followed up gradually, contributing significantly to the company’s incremental performance. Ma Xiangyun, with a strong flow advantage + diversified liquidity channels, and a well-structured Internet financial conglomerate:
The Division’s core flow edges continue to be in the forefront, depending on platforms such as the Eastern Wealth Network, the Sky Fund, and the Choice Terminal, where the Eastern Wealth Network covers people for more than eight years and is the first vertical financial site, and is a true traffic dragon.
Based on the advantage of the flow, the company has been active in recent years in financial operations such as securities, letters, Internet insurance, micro-credit, and financial broadcasting to meet the needs of investors for integration and full-scale investment. In the future, the company will rely further on flow plus data plus license plus scenes, through diversification.
From the sale of funds to the voucher business, two shifts steadily boosted the flow realization: 1) companies started the first round of liquidity transitions since they became eligible for third-party fund sales in 2012.
Fund sales reached 73.4 billion yuan in 2015, generating revenue of 2.4 billion yuan, a 500 per cent increase compared to the previous year, becoming a central driver of the outbreak of performance. 2) The company's “Oriental Wealth” stock, with its pre-emptive advantage, has taken the lead in bringing together a large number of investors to become domestic social players.
At the same time, the company voucher business is fully benefiting from the fact that users usually visit for the purpose of investment exchanges, the platform is more sticky and the client base is of excellent quality.) We believe that the first-time transformation of corporate flows has been a great success, driving performance and higher market value.)
Long, considering that corporate brand visibility and market influence have expanded significantly, it is expected that the second round of transformation, with bond commerce at its core, will be more effective. Corporate flows are strong, financial conglomerates are well organized, and bond traders are at their core a second turn.
On the policy side, continued regulation is the norm, with well-being and stability in the city leading companies. On the valuation side, market value has shrunk sharply since the collapse of the market, and anti-industry competition in the market has intensified; and on the other hand, regulation has tightened down Internet financial innovation.
1. The firm ' s revenue structure was optimized in December 2015.
Formally complete the acquisition and consolidation of the Tibetan identical securities and change their name to “Tybet Eastern Wealth Securities” (hereinafter referred to as “Teung Treasure Securities”). Through the outreach of the securities business, companies have further expanded their channels of conversion and liquidity for Internet finance platform users, one-stop financial services are flat.
In 2016, the company achieved $2.35 billion in operating income, which, despite a decline in income affected by market conditions, rose significantly to 49%, peaked to the top, and optimized the company ' s revenue structure. At the same time, through efficient integration, it relied on the mother.
The synergies of corporate Internet finance platforms and the core advantages of large-scale users, the convergence of Eastern financial securities, the full benefit of parent platform flow advantages, and the negative growth of brokering and blending operations. After buying Eastern wealth securities, companies adopt a strategy of “lower prices plus better services” through inter-firm exchanges.
In 2016, in a 50.1% decline in total stock turnover in the market, the stock turnover of Eastern European securities rose sharply, with a sharp increase throughout the year.
52.8%, with a four-fold increase in the two-way balance from $5.377 billion. Replenishment boosts capital to support the expansion and structural optimization of bond dealers.
By refinancing and issuing fungible bonds, short-term funds are now made available, and capital support is provided for bond dealers. In May 2016, the company replenished its eastern securities by $4 billion to supplement capital, and now has a net capital of $5.56 billion and net assets.
In addition, in March 2017, the company announced that it would issue a transfer of no more than $5 billion to supplement the Eastern Securities Operating Fund, of which no more than $4 billion is planned for the development of credit transactions, including financing bonds and stock pledges (not yet released).
Strong financial support from companies and easy access to marketed platforms will guarantee a steady increase in the capital strength of Eastern Finance Bonds, opening up scope for business-scale expansion, and driving the increase in the market share of brokering and blending industries.
1.2. Large flows + low commissions, and the market share of brokerages has risen. The market share of the trades has surpassed those of booming securities (1.52 per cent), public gold securities (1.50 per cent) and securities of the most rapid growth in brokering since Dong Ugi.
On the one hand, Eastern wealth, as a vertical financial site leader, has accumulated a huge amount of user access and a leading user stickyness, and when Internet securities are advanced, the platform user converts directly to the flow realization.
On the other hand, the commission rate for brokering in East Asian securities in 2016 was only 0.02 per cent (average of 0.035 per cent in 2016 q4), which was only higher than the rate of 0.022 per cent for Chinese securities in the same period, with a strong competitive advantage in low prices, and a distinct feature in Internet securities.
The use of ultra-low commission rates for Eastern Brokeries, but the brokering model, which is dominated by Internet platforms, saves the cost of large numbers of downline businesses and the recruitment of investment advisers, thus making the business model of asset brokerage more profitable than the traditional voucher dealers, and the strategy of securing low commission rates for Eastern Brokeries
In 2016, there was a net revenue of 638 million yuan, a fall of only 7.2 per cent compared to the previous year, which was significantly better than the average of 58.6 per cent for listed securities.
Mainly because of the strategic positioning of the Eastern Stock Exchange, the focus is on personal securities business, the client base is based on a platform of users, and the trading activity is high. Since 2016, the new opening investors in the Eastern Stock Exchange have shifted mainly from East Wealth Platform users and are dominated by individual investors, with a large number of customers, public and private.
There is wide scope for the development of the Division’s brokering business; while the high level of user activity and the relatively high frequency of streamlining allow Eastern financial securities to still earn more stable revenue from the brokering business in a climate of low market-trading sentiment. 1.3. The combination of business booms is expected to be a growth point in the next round of performance growth.
Platform flow advantage + low interest rate, with a two-wheel drive of a significant increase in the split share. In May of the year, the two-way balance of the two-way balance reached $5.377 billion, with a market share of 0.62 per cent, driving a net interest income of $235 million in 2016, an increase of 145.7 per cent over the same period, mainly on the basis of parent companies.
With the accelerated platform flow realization, the flow lag + capital abundance, the two-way business will grow up. 1) The share of the two-way business will be raised because investors usually have to open the finance voucher business six months after opening the account.
We expect that, with the increase in the share of the brokering business, the performance of the two sides of the stock exchange will grow at a high rate in the future, depending on the wealth-rich user base and the stickyness of the East, the announcement in March of the year that no more than $5 billion in debt could be released to supplement the operating funds of the Eastern stock.
Gradual capitalization will support a rapid expansion in the size of a company’s mixed business, with differential returns expected to become a new performance growth point in the future. The flow advantage is firmly rooted, and the layout is ready to be improved.
2.1. Platform flows have continued to take the lead in laying the foundation for liquidity The company, with the Eastern Wealth Network at its core, has built Internet finance portals, financial e-commerce platforms (SkyFoundation Network), financial data terminals (choice data terminals) etc.
In April 2017, according to Ere data, the Internet wealth network covered an average of 10.7 million people per day, with 6.28 million hours per month of effective browsing time, beyond the Top10.
The top nine of them are the summation of the flow. The East Wealth Network covers the number of people and monthly viewings on a daily basis for more than eight years and is ranked first in the vertical category, highlighting the sticky nature of the platform's users and the flow of 2.
In 2016, the average number of daily page views was 5.3378 million and the average number of users visited independently on an average basis was 67.78 million. Large and stable platform users provided a good basis for line operations.
Building an Internet financial biosphere based on the advantage of flow. The company’s early introduction of financial information and data services to users via the East Wealth Network, the School Data Terminal, etc., started online with Internet advertising and gold, and became eligible for fund sales in 2012, marking the opening of the East’s wealth flow.
As companies gradually apply for third-party funds for sale, voucher dealers, public funds, insurance agents, and lucky electricity, the company will be able to expand its service chain and expand its flow-to-discount channels into a one-stop Internet finance platform.
The platform will achieve full coverage from information, investment decision-making to investment transactions to meet the user ' s one-stop-shop, full-scale investment needs.
In 2012, the company became the first agency to qualify for third-party fund sales, and the financial power provider started to operate. With the platform’s accumulated advantage in terms of user resources, the fund’s sales grew rapidly. In 2015, with market incentives, the value of corporate fund sales reached $73.4 billion.
The Fund's sales revenue of $2.4 billion, an increase of 500 per cent over the previous year, was the driving force of the current year's performance of $30.6 billion, of which the IMF had a current treasure of $18.4 billion; 111 online fund companies, with coverage of more than 90 per cent. The number of online fund products currently stands at 34,483 and is still ahead of land-based gold companies and homogenous flowers.
Intra-Internet circulation is a virtuous cycle. The “share bar” channel under the Eastern wealth net is one of the most central segments of the corporate value of the flow, with significant synergies with voucher dealers.
The stock bar, which came online in 2006, has already taken a leading position in the financial and economic communities of the Internet, with users accessing and using more sticky websites and information units, the Financial Community Love Unit, and so on. The stock bar has the advantage of pre-emptively bringing together a large number of investment users, and the users are motivated by investment exchanges.
In 2016, 656,000 new households were opened by companies, a decline of 2.32% compared to the 672,000 new households opened by cattle in 2015, and the number of openings continued to grow at a high rate.
In contrast to the liquidity realization of the Fund’s sales operations, the synergies with the securities business are more “immediately visible.” The company’s first-ever liquidity transition has been a major success, driving performance and high market value growth.
The second round of transformation will be more effective. Flow-based, gradual liquidity channels, and Internet finance are on the rise.
At the same time, Eastern wealth is focused on personal business, and performance under the light asset business model is more resilient and more relevant to the market landscape. With pre-financing, license plates, etc., in place, the dividends of market prosperity will be fully realized in the future.
Since 2016, the continued decline in the market climate has led to a sharp decline in the volume of corporate fund sales, as well as a strategic and proactive reduction in the collection rate of fund sales and a fall in the value of fund sales.
Performance has declined significantly. We expect that, although the market climate will not improve rapidly in the short term, corporate weightings will benefit from the transition from fund sales to voucher sales (49 per cent of securities business income in 2016, leapping to top priority, and 37 per cent of the Fund ' s sales business income).
With the advantage and synergy of parent companies’ flows, Eastern wealth securities brokers and other lines of business are expected to grow at a rapid pace, contributing to a gradual recovery in corporate performance. We believe that, as the financial regulatory environment on the Internet stabilizes, a new era of healthy development is promising.
High-quality, regulated Internet finance poles. Moreover, the market value of companies has grown since the height of cattle in 2015.
1) Policy aspects: The regulatory environment has stabilized, and the industry has benefited from its champions. Since 2016, the regulation of bond dealers and Internet finance has become generally tightened, with short-term constraints on industrial innovation and market heat. As the relevant regulatory policies have come to an end, market concerns about further upgrading of financial regulation have weakened.
We believe that the policy of Internet financial regulation will shift from strict regulation to regulatory development, that the business environment as a whole has improved, and that the system of securities regulators has been largely overhauled, and that regulatory and sound industry leaders will benefit gradually.
2) Valuation end: Stock prices are fully adjusted to highlight the value of the Internet’s financial flagship. Corporate stock shares, we believe, have been fully adjusted, and the current valuation has a strong security margin.
(i) Portfolio operations: the share of the brokerage market was 1.52 per cent in May 2017 and 0.49 per cent in the blended market, taking into account the rapid increase in their market share and the Internet with their parent companies
The financial platform works in tandem with factors such as the obvious and the prospect of a gradual increase in the future of the two-way business, and we believe that it is expected to be a medium-sized bond dealer in 2017, as well as a two-way trade in the two-way street securities. Consider East securities with a 77.6% net revenue on brokering and interest in 2016, and the focus will continue to be on the follow-up.
Development of this type of business, with an up-to-date market value of $52.7 billion (a net revenue ratio of 53.7 per cent for brokerage + interest) securities, and we believe that the reasonable valuation of the corporate securities branch should be $28.3 billion (i.e., long (iii) financial data + advertising + other services: projected advertising, data, etc., 2017
Networking financial poles, and fast-growing bond dealers and significant synergies with parent-office-flow advantages. We believe that a 15% premium should be valued on the basis of the company plus head office valuation, and that the company is reasonable 1) The volatility of the securities market climate has an impact on performance: corporate fund sales and bond vendor business
All are closely related to stock market dynamics, and if market conditions continue to decline, corporate performance will be subject to increased competition in the Internet finance sector: Internet finance markets are becoming more competitive and firms face intense competition in areas such as fund sales, bond openings, liquidity realization, etc.;
3) Regulation has tightened to curb innovation in Internet finance: Internet financial regulation has become more stringent in recent years, and short-term containment of industrial innovation and market heat may constrain the advancement of company-related innovation. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory committee