c2: full commissioning of the project and rapid development of the support company.
Huangyb@cfsc.com.cn in May 2021, the company ' s ethane fission ethylene phase I project was successfully launched, and in the first half of this year, the second phase was successfully completed, and the main production devices are now in operation.
Pilot production has been successful in producing qualified products, and production operations have been stable. The company 02 project is pre-emptive, enjoying low costs and making it difficult to replicate core competitiveness, and is expected to generate excess returns for companies over the long term.
c3: The bottom of the cycle waits for profit repair, pdh-end propane is high with high risk resistance, long-term fundamentals are still loose and prices are expected to fall; demand is entering the golden silver twilight season and downstream terminal order rates are estimated
Some improvements have led to higher prices for products such as acrylic, with the profit expected to be repaired. For a long time, the advantage of light-hydrocarbons in the context of the energy transition has been significant, with good supply and demand. The company has developed Procane-propylene-propyl acid and ester-high molecular polymers.
The whole industry chain has a relatively high cost and scale advantage.  Flexibility in product production to maximize benefits c3 companies can switch acrylic acid to acrylic acid according to product demand and price
On the other hand, the company has two polyethylene production units that can be changed to different product plates according to market requirements.
A product matrix consisting of ethylene ethylene downstream can be adapted to the overall profitability of production between products to maximize benefits.
The company invests in the construction of new green chemical materials, industrial parks, including 200,000 tons of ethanol per year, and 800,000 tons of ethanol per year.
Tons of polystyrene, 100,000 tons of α-vinyl hydrocarbons and ancillary pe, 750,000 tons of carbonate esters production units and associated engineering. Companies have the advantage of low feedstock costs and high R & D capabilities and are expected to open up new growth space as new materials are released.
Economic downside; high volatility in raw material prices; under-investment in production capacity; under-restriction in demand downstream; high volatility in prices of corporate products, etc.; 1, low-carbon, technology-based enterprises integrated with light hydrocarbons, etc.
Production and sale of products such as (poly)propylene, acrylic acid and esters, ethylene diol, ethylene oxide and polyethylene.
A cooperative framework agreement for the annual production of 4 million tons of acrylic acrylic acylene is signed to provide supply of low-cost raw materials on the basis of a toethane fission ethylene. The company has developed the c2 and c3 two-chain with the launch and ongoing construction of over 1 million tons of ethylene from the cloud base.
Corporate ownership is stable and concentrated. Corporate shareholders are Zhejiang Satellite Holdings Ltd., Yangyazhen is married to Yang Weidong, both of whom are actual corporate controllers with a combined share of 30.60%.
In 2017, the company developed a strategy for the formation of new chemical materials technology based on the integration of light hydrocarbons as a core, and in late 2021, based on the c2 project.
The new materials industry park project, which is expected to start in the second half of 2022, is expected to start with pilot production. 1.2, performance continues to improve, c2 systems begin to contribute to incremental growth, output expansion continues, and companies operate well.
The realization of operating income of $28,557 million, an increase of 165.09 per cent over the previous year and 40 per cent over the last five years of cagr; and net return gains of $2022h1 from the realization of the net return to the mother, a net gain of $18,814 million in the first half of 2022, an increase of 74.69 per cent over the same period; and a net return of $2,781 million, an increase of 30.85 per cent over the same period.
From the start of the company, it was mainly acrylic and ester contributions, and with the production of 900,000 tons of pdh in the two upstream periods, production of (polymer) acrylic production increased rapidly and its share of income increased rapidly. At present, functional chemicals and high-molecular new material products are the company’s main product series in terms of the composition of the business income.
High-molecular new material business generated 2,846 million yuan, or 15 per cent, and a Māori rate of 34.93 per cent; new energy materials business realized $109 million, or 1 per cent, and a Māori rate of 38.02 per cent.
The Māori rate has risen steadily and the R&D costs have remained high. As the company ' s whole chain of industry is becoming deeper, the Māori rate is due to an increase in R&D projects and investment in the development of new products. The company has clearly built a low-carbon chemical and new materials technology company with science and technology as its core to create the future and keep light materials in mind, so in recent years it has attached great importance to R&D.
Within the five-year plan, it is planned to bring in two academicians and 100 PhDs to complete the construction of a global satellite research and development centre to build a low-carbon research and innovation system for new chemical materials technology companies.c Project 2 has a high cost advantage and high barriers to reproduction.c
The company began building the c2 industrial chain in 2017, and on 20 May 2021, the company issued an announcement of progress in June 2022 on the company’s launch of the first phase of the project, which involved the production of a single phase of a joint installation of 1.35 million tons of pe, 21.9 million tons of eoe and 260,000 tons of acn.
Port Petrochemicals Limited ' s annual production of 1.35 million tons of pe, 2.19 million tons of eoe and 260,000 tons of joint installations project phase II was completed on 1 June 2022 in the context of the full realization of the project.c The commissioning of the project further enriched the company ' s main business and product structure, achieving complementarity with the c3 industry chain and also providing a new engine for the company ' s rapid development.
2.1. The consumption of ethylene is growing steadily, and there is still a large import alternative to ethylene downstream. ethylene enters the production and discharge cycle, and demand is growing steadily. ethylene has three main production routes, and in recent years, with the concentration of private refining and integration projects, the ethylene industry has entered a new cycle of expansion.
China’s total ethylene production in 2021 rose by 20% per year to 28.26 million tons per year. With the introduction of private refining projects, it will continue to grow faster in recent years.
But the real self-sufficiency rate is still low. Because of the difficulty of storage and transportation of ethylene, it is difficult to import it directly, so the producers of ethylene sell their products in the form of less than a few wild derivatives. Currently, nearly half of the major downstream products, such as polyethylene, ethylene, and styrene, depend on imports and have higher external dependence.
Large import replacement space. 2.2, ethylene ethylene has significant cost advantages, path scarcity makes it difficult to replicate 2.2.1, ethylene supply increases, air ethylene highlights economics
Since the shale gas revolution in the United States, exports of natural gas, propane, and other energy sources have been promoted, mainly by-products of separation of natural gas and propane. The export of natural gas and propane has led to a large supply of ethane. According to eia, in 2021 there were about 20 million tons of ethylene remaining in the United States, and with it.
As oil prices and gas prices rise, mining increases will lead to a rapid increase in the production of ethane in the coming years. North American ethane is a dual attribute of fuel and chemical raw materials, and the pricing logic of ethane depends mainly on re-notes and returns of ethane: when the price of ethane is low, the processing plant returns it to the gas as a fuel (the thermal value of ethane is higher than natural).
When the price of ethane is high, ethane is recovered as part of ngl and then distributed and sold to chemical plants as feedstock for the manufacture of ethylene. The lower price of ethane in the United States is therefore the price of natural gas, and the upper limit is influenced by the price of ethylene in the United States. In 2022, due to the high price of ethane, the adequate supply of ethylene and the reduced demand for polyethylene.
The US price center for ethylene will depend for a long time on gas prices in the US. Similar to US gas prices, the US paper forward curve for ethane has been watered for months, reflecting market expectations for future prices.
Based on the Survey of the Development and Trends of the Diversified Ethylene Feeding Routes in our country, the cost of importing ethylene feed, at the current price of $400 per ton (approximately $8.3 $/mmbtu), corresponds to the cost of oil price of $60 per barrel of cerebral oil cracking, and in US dollars/tons, the cost of long-term feed will correspond to the cost of oil price of $45 per barrel of cerebral oil cracking, which is much lower than the current price last year.
Since then, affected by policy and supply and demand gaps, domestic coal prices have moved into the upper zone, while coal-based hydrocarbon projects have capitalized higher than the same scale of the ethane fission project, with significant disadvantages for the integrated economic fragmentation project.
Both fission and domestic coal-based HFO routes have a clear cost advantage. 2.2.2, export terminals and capacity building form the moat river, and the United States is currently almost the only exporter of ethane, whose export facility determines the export cap for ethane in the United States.
The country currently has three export terminals of ethane, the first port of export of ethane in marcusook, with an export capacity of 1.4 million tonnes/year; the second port is located in Morganspoint, with an export capacity of 4.1 million tonnes/year, with a combined export capacity of 270,000 barrels/day (approximately 5.4 million tonnes/year), and currently about 90% of the export capacity of ethane in two terminals has been utilized. The third port is located in Dekk.
The export terminal for SARS was completed by the end of 2020, with an export capacity of 180,000 barrels/day (approximately 3.6 million tonnes/year), of which 3 million tons/year was used in the satellite chemical cloudy harbour petrochemical project. The U.S. company Ethylene also dedicated 10 million tons of its annual export capacity to China was put into operation in 2022, but has been put on hold, with high production uncertainty.
Analysis of Key Points for Importing Ethylene Fracture ethylene, Eergytransfer, China Petroleum Information Centre, China Petroleum Information Centre, China Petroleum Information Centre, China Carbon Securities Research, Strengthening Maritime Capacity for Trade in Ethylene, Satellite-based Chemical Lock-up of Athylene Transporters. To meet the transport needs of phase I of the Lien Yun Harbour petrochemical project, satellite chemistry signed three 98,000 cubic metres in March 2019 with the Three Star Heavy Worker and the Modern Heavy Worker, respectively.
In August 2020, satellite chemistry was announced to be singled out for a total of 4 98,000 m3 of vlec under modern heavy and tristar heavy work, and in September of the same year, satellite chemistry was inaugurated in Jiangnan under the flag of the China Ship Group at the signing ceremony for a 98,000 m3-m3 ultra-large ethylene freighter (Vlec).
eps has delivered three ships to the company for use. 2.2.3 The by-product hydrogen gas achieves high-value utilization. Helium gas values are increasing in the context of the policy of double carbon. In 2021 hydrogen was included in National Economic and Social Development X.
Four five-year plans and the future industrial layout of Vision 2035. According to the China Hydrogen Energy Union, in 2020, my country's hydrogen demand exceeded 20 million tons and is expected to reach 160 million tons in 2050. The company's deputy is currently producing nearly 150,000 tons of hydrogen by 2023, with an annual production of about 300,000 tons of hydrogen by 2023. The company was founded in 2019.
Satellite Hydrogen Energy Technologies, based on national hydrogen-related policies, actively promotes the integrated use of hydrogen energy in industrial configurations; second, promotes the demonstration of the integrated use of new energy sources and researches hydrogen fuel cell storage energy projects; third, optimizes the process of producing photovoltaic, electronic dioxygens: fourth, reduces carbon emissions from parks and supplies hydrogen from parks. The company explores the use of rich hydrogen for carbon companies.
Figure 22: China’s medium- and long-term hydrogen demand projections (tonnes) Figure 23: Satellite chemical hydrogen production projections (tonnes)
2.3 The traditional downstream demand is under pressure, low-cost long-term competitiveness is robust, and there is a gap in the country. According to excellent information, in 2021, the country ' s capacity to produce 2.661 million tons and its consumption amounted to 3,711 million tons, while in the last five years it has grown at a combined rate of about 8 per cent, maintaining a relatively robust demand growth rate.
In downstream applications, more than half of the pe is used in the membrane sector, where demand is rigid. Another important area of consumption is plastic pipe material, which is growing as the country ' s urbanization accelerates and municipal pipelines are being implemented.
Tens of thousands of tonnes/year or more, with an average compound growth rate of 7% per year, will exceed the rate of demand growth and domestic pressure on supplies. With the release of capacity, partial import substitution is expected to cover the domestic demand gap, but future competition in the market will intensify, with industry pressure and a low-cost ethylene fission ethylene route presumably emerging from intense competition in the market.
At the same time, companies can switch different product brands, such as the production of membrane or plastics, depending on the market ' s needs, and the production of eg/eo is still in a major expansionary cycle, with a return on profits. In 2021, we produced 7.7 million tons of ethanol per year, with an annual average compound growth of 12%. In 2021, we produced 6.49 million tons per year, with a yield of 4.47 million tons.
Seventy per cent of the start-up rate and an apparent demand of 4.47 million tons, with an estimated additional production capacity of 2.64 million tons of epoxy-ethane projected for 2022-2024, with an average annual compound increase of 14 per cent. Traditional downstream product prices and price differentials affected by the start-up cycle and demand constraints in the first half of the year have led to a loss in multi-pathic processes. In the case of eg, supply has been declining while downstream polyester chains have entered.
In 2021, the country produced 3.16 million tons of acrylic, producing 2.61 million tons of acrylic, starting with 83 per cent of the demand. Acrylic production is expected to be 2.61 million tons in 2022-2025.
Abbs, as the largest downstream demand for acrylic, driven by industrial policies and new energy vehicles, will drive up demand for acrylic. In 2021, we produced 14.5 million tons of styrene, yielding 11,87 million tons. Ps, abs, ps and ps are classified as the three main downstreams of styrene, of which abs and ps are currently more dependent on imports.
High, high national production replacement space. 3 c 3 c cycle to be repaired for profit, integrated uplifting acrylics are one of the most important petrochemical products and the basic ingredients of the three synthetic materials: polypropylene, epoxy.
The main raw material for large-scale chemical products such as propane, acrylic acid, and downstream demand covers the areas of construction, automobiles, packaging, textile clothing, etc. The process routes for acrylic are mainly catalytic fission (fcc), vapour fission, coal/mol-based acetylene hydrocarbons (cto/mto), propane dehydrate acetylene hydrocarbons (pdh). Crude catalytic fission and sulfonic oil vapour fission as traditional processes for the production of acrylates.
In 2014, the company became vertically integrated into a product of 450,000 tons of pdh, the country’s first listed company with an integrated chain of c3 industries and the largest acrylic acid in the country.
In 2021, the company invested $10.2 billion in the construction of a 800,000-ton pdh installation in the port of Mono, with 800,000 tons of butoconetol and 120,000 tons of new quintoeol, using excess hydrogen gas resources to solve the problem of the company’s hydrogen energy integration project raw materials. At the same time, the company, in collaboration with Koreask, is expected to become the country’s leading eaa producer, increasing the range of high-value-added products.
3.1. pdh’s long-term loss, the dawn is now in the first half of 2022, influenced by geophysical factors, is strongly supported by trends such as acetylene raw oils and propanes, which are more supportive of the cost. The increase in production capacity and the decline in profitability in the upstream and downstream industrial chains continue to constrain the growth of acrylic material in the first half of the year.
Since then, there has been a declining trend in the four acrylic processes. According to the source, the pdh route lost an average of $1,100/t in August, the oil route lost $1150/t, the coal-based hydrocarbons lost $1230/t, and the methanol-based hydrocarbons lost $930/t.
In 2021, domestic consumption of propane amounted to 2,0844,000 tons, with demand for chemical uses rising from year to year. Currently, domestic pdh purchases of propane are mainly from the United States and the Middle East, where traditional propanes are produced, and the monthly instructional prices (cp prices) announced by Saudi Amer are often used as a pricing basis for countries to purchase propane.
Cp prices are closely related to oil prices, and bm prices are associated with oil prices. Supply end propane is one of the by-products of refined oil, stored in a cost transfer relationship with oil prices, demand at the end of which there is a certain alternative to refined oil products, natural gas and downstream chemicals, so
The price of propane is largely linked to the price of oil and gas. Back in the last five years, Saudi propane cp prices have been associated with Brent’s oil prices by about 85%. North America’s dual attributes of propane and chemical feedstocks and fuels, and the surge in production and exit of United States propane in the wake of the shale oil and gas revolution, with some correlation with gas and crude oil prices in recent years.
U.S. propane supply continues to grow, and stocks in the main export-producing areas have recovered. As a result of increased overseas demand and tight production, the replacement of propane and heating oil in the cold winter context, the U.S. propane stock dropped to its lowest level in five years early this year.
The long-term supply of propane in the United States is a strong guarantee of exports. The volume of propane resources in the Middle East will also rise in the context of the increased production of pepc.
But Europe has also been prepared in the context of the energy game, and demand-side EU member states have agreed to reduce gas demand by 15% between August 2022 and March 2023 on the basis of average consumption over the past five years.
The current high premium for natural gas reflects a larger forecast of cold winters, which is expected to be gradually validated after entering the fourth quarter. Meanwhile, as the Russian-Turkish conflict accelerates in the near future, given the current situation in Russia and the demands of Europe, the market is right.
There are risks to the associated geo-political premium as concerns the oil and gas price or return to actual compliance with the reduced production of Russian oil and gas from the narrow fundamentals. 3.1.2. Supply end: the advantage of pdh is clear in carbon neutral and context, and production capacity continues to expand.
In the context of "double carbon", the "two-high" attributes of the coal industry have constrained its development space. With regard to oil production, in 2021, the State Department issued the Circular on the Publication of the Carbon-According Action Programme to 2030, which explicitly requires that the country's crude oil processing capacity be contained within 1 billion tons by 2025.
At the same time, the programme states that it is important to promote carbon peaks in the petrochemical industry by “restructuring the raw materials, controlling the use of new raw materials, and expanding the pdh advantage two: the cost is economic in most scenarios. The production costs of pdh are only closely related to propane prices, which were used mainly as fuel and whose chemical value was not well developed.
For example, the pdh route is in a state of loss. In the long run, in the context of the energy transition and the “double carbon” scenario, coal companies are less willing to invest in traditional capital, coal-producing ceilings are becoming increasingly scarce, and coal imports are difficult to release in the face of volatile international energy markets.
The demand for the products itself is rigid, with coal presumably having a tight balance of supply and demand over the long term, high prices, and the cost of coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons continuing to rise and declining competitiveness for pdh. pdh advantage three: pdh has a short process, small land area, low plant investment, and a high rate of collection.pdh side-by-side
High-purity, low-cost hydrogen gas, with high potential for hydrogen energy demand in the context of national advocacy for carbon peaks, carbon neutrality. Industry began to decline passively after long supply-side losses.
The main process oils and pdh acrylic profits are in a state of loss, and the mto/cto route is not promising. The Acrylic production companies, in order to keep the money running, have struggled to keep the work going, some of them have reduced the loss by reducing the burden or stopping the work. The Acrylic industry has a much lower capacity than others, and the supply-demand gap is expected to ease.
3.1.3 On the demand side: The demand for the epidemic has collapsed and the future marginality is likely to improve 50 million tonnes of total domestic production in 2021. 11.7% increase in production from 4,477 tonnes in 2020 to 4,297 tonnes and 19% increase in the supply of AC in 2020.
As the supply of acrylic continues to expand, most of the additional production capacity is accompanied by downstream devices. Domestic acrylic capacity is expected to improve in the future as the effects of the epidemic subside demand increases.
Acid consumption is relatively stable, polypropylene is the dominant downstream product, and, as the world’s largest producer, polypropene consumption was about 71% in 2021. Depending on factors such as the high price of raw materials and the impact of the epidemic, the continued low end-of-consumption, the low profit performance of the industries downstream of acrylic in the first three quarters of 2022, and the economicity of the devices.
Parkings are frequent and support for the demand for acrylic is limited. Chart 51: Downstream pp price and price differential ($/t) Figure 52: Downstream epoxy propane price and price differential ($/t)
In the current context of a healthy downstream stock of products, seasonal demand is geared toward driving up the price of acrylic. Over the long term, the effects of the epidemic are decreasing, downstream work restrictions are being lifted, and demand levels are being levelled off.
3.2 The supply and demand of acrylic acids and esters are largely stable, and the industry is expected to recover with a high concentration and a strong voice. Satellite chemistry is domestic acrylic acids and esters, with 660,000 tons of acrylic acids and 750,000 tons of acrylic acids (of which 680,000 tons) are the largest producers in the country.
According to the company ' s announcement, the capacity of the company to transfer acrylic acid to acrylic acid, such as acrylate, acrylic ester, acrylic esters and acrylic acrylic acids, can also be regulated according to the product demand and price, with the greatest risk and profitability. National acrylic acid production capacity of 3.42 million tons, cr 5 = 62%; national acrylic acid production capacity of 2.74 million tons, cr 5 = 66%, dragons
Head companies have a strong voice. The construction and delivery industries are mainly downstream for acrylic acids and esters. The downstream of acrylic acids is mainly 56% for acrylic acids and 24% for saps for paper diapers. The downstream of acrylates is mainly 43% for acrylic emulsions, mainly in the area of building waterproofing, and 52% for glues, mainly in the express delivery industry.
Figure 56: Our Acid production capacity cr 5 = 62% (tonnes) Chart 55: our Acid supply and demand balance (tonnes)
Road rises, mainly due to the fact that the domestic Acid plant as a whole is operating at a low level of 50% and the plant’s stock continues to be low. The increase in exit orders has led to an increase in market prices. In terms of profit from production, the profit from Acid downstream in the third quarter of 2021 was close to 10,000 yuan/t. The profit from Acid downstream is maintained at a normal high range.
This year, demand has stagnated in relation to the pre-cold effects of the real estate market, the price of acrylic acid has fallen to around $7,000 per ton, and the profit from acrylic butyl ester to a profit-and-loss balance zone has been declining to about $9,000 per ton. 40,000 tons of devices in the east and south of the sea are planned for production, with less pressure on the supply side.
In the future, there is still a marginal improvement in the expected improvement in the market data for real estate, with a high-end new material cutting into the new energy track, relying on the advantage of the industrial chain to speed up the deployment of the new energy track.
The Regional Cooperation Model Regional Council for East and Central Asia signed a Cooperation Agreement for Investment Projects, which the company intends to invest in a project to create a new green chemical new materials estate in Xu Xu Yuang District in Lien Yunang. The total investment in the project is about $15 billion, of which the fixed assets investment is about $13 billion. The construction consists mainly of 200,000 tons of ethanolamine (eoa) per year and 800,000 tons of polystyrene per year.
(ps), 100,000 tonnes of alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons per year with an attachment to poe, 750,000 tonnes of carbonate production plants per year and associated work packages, implemented in three stages. 4.1, Increase in the sale of new energy vehicles, and dmc supply and demand
Corporate carbonate products include four solvents of battery electrolyte, including dmc, ec, dec/emc. For example, carbon dimethyl acid (dmc) is a low-toxic, clean and efficient solvent that is widely applied in the areas of paint, glue, electrolyte.
According to the China Economic Research Institute, electrolytic solvents account for about 3.6% of the cost of kinetic battery cores. In 2021, Chinese enterprises produced 507,000 tons of lithium ion cell fluids, the same amount.
This represents an increase of 88.5 per cent, or 82.8 per cent, of global electrolytic discharges, and currently dmc is applied to the electrolytic solution and thus to the lithium tank, and the demand for dmc is expected to increase as the demand for new energy vehicles downstream of the terminal continues to grow.
By 2021, the country had a total production capacity of 125.60 million tonnes, including 30, 20, 125,000 tonnes in Walluheungl, 20, 125,000 tonnes in petrochemicals, and nearly 50% of the total production capacity of the first three plants, with a relatively concentrated supply of production capacity.
epoxypropane or ethylene oxide is a raw material, but the production capacity of ethylene oxide as the main raw material has been increasing over the last two years. There are currently fewer enterprises with more industrial-level dmc production, battery-grade production and actual output.
Due to the high technical barriers to battery-grade dmc, limited domestic production capacity and in a state of oversupply, only four companies, namely, Ishigashi, Shandonghai Co, Oke, Yang County and Central Salt Quadripartite, have a total capacity of about 140,000 tons, and are expected to produce additional battery-grade dmc in the future, with the main capacity of firms such as Wallu Hinl, Auck shares, satellite chemistry, etc.
It will be one of the most complete, fully productable and cleanest-processed electrolytic solvents in the domestic industrial chain. 4.2, photovoltaic development east wind, Poe’s potential for substitution of polyolefin elastics (poe) means ethylene and high carbon α-vinyl (1-butylene, 1-vinylene, 1-octane, etc.)
Polyolefins are rich in material that is relatively dense, chemically resistant, processable, etc. and can be used in a variety of fields such as electrical and electronics, day use, agriculture, machinery, etc.
In 2021, our market for anti-supercars in the field of photovoltaic applications became the largest single market. In 2021, it accounted for 40 per cent of domestic demand, while the car market was the second largest, accounting for 26 per cent, while by 2021 it had been the largest domestic demand market.
Photovoltage-direction applications have great potential. Photovoltaic envelopes are usually placed between the glass of the photovoltile component and solar cells or backboards and solar cells, and are one of the key materials used to encapsulate and protect solar cells. The main photovoltage containment materials in the market today include eeva, poe, etc., are now actually used in the photovolt field, and Poe's anti-water-resistance blockers are in the field of photovoltaics.
Isolation is good, so it can effectively reduce the pit phenomenon. The penetration rate is expected to increase as the poe is produced. Figure 70: Precursive applications, e.g., vinyl ethylene is susceptible to hydrolysis in light, oxygen, humid heat, acetic acid, right.
Easily processed, durable storage, fast interconnection with glass, corrosion of battery plate surfaces and welding belts, etc., leading to power loss; and eva is easy to heat light eva
A yellow change in the environment that affects the permeability, resulting in a loss of power of the whole component, good material performance, excellent antipid performance, low resistance to poe poles, extreme assistive solvents from film processing to the surface of the membrane, resulting in the table.
Glossy surface is easy to move; processing is more difficult; imports are more expensive as a whole, water and gas barriers are high, temperatures are low, and yellow changes are resistant.
Since 2017, several companies in the country have started to develop relevant R & D layouts for Poe products, and the Poo project has now progressed to a mid-test phase, with the production of industrial Poe devices, which are expected to be developed autonomously in the country in 2024. According to the company's bulletin, α-vinyl hydrocarbons and poe are important layouts for the company downstream of the ethylene chain, starting in 2018.
Poe has accelerated the development of a self-constructed α-vinylene project to industrialization as soon as possible.
Downside economy; high volatility in raw material prices; under-investment in production capacity; under-required downstream demand; corporate products; presentation by the Chemical Group of Huang Xiaobin: cfa as a witness; Master of Chemical Engineering at the Chinese Academy of Sciences was employed in the Great Wall Securities, five years of securities.
Research experience, focusing on industrial chains such as fibre optics, tyres, new materials, Liu Han: Master of Science from Nakayama University, three years of research on major commodities in energy industry, and joining Chinese securities in 2022 reflect my research views.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
It is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on the consistent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.