(b) Investment rating: buying (maintenance) – light quality into global trend, with significant advantage of light hydrocarbon taps;
Lightening of feedstocks in carbon neutralization and context has become an irreversible trend in the global industry, with light hydrocarbonization, the value of which is expected to be revalued. Light hydrocarbonization tools, represented by ethane fission and propane dehydration, have been up to 12 months/minimum in yuan.
Short processes, high harvest rates, low cost features, and a global wave of low-mass hydroxylene structure. At the same time, light hydrocarbons are also characterized by low-carbon discharges, low energy consumption, low water consumption, and their by-products are mainly hydrogen, which can effectively reduce the cost of hydrogen in the chain of circular industries and can be brought out.
Satellite chemistry has evolved from acrylic taps to a light hydrocarbon industry. Satellite chemistry was the first to produce high-molecular emulsions and to move up the industrial chain into domestic private acrylic acid and esteron.
Corporate prices compared to the 300-degree trend, with the highest capacity in the country, have established a stronger scale advantage. The company is the leader of light hydrocarbons, and it is keen to discover the revolution in the global energy landscape from the shale gas revolution.
The company was also the first company in the country to have completed the import of pure ethylene fission ethylene, filling the industrial gap. The company used light hydrocarbons as its entry point, both vertically and horizontally.
In the c2 and c3 races, the development of a single product into a platform for the integration of acetylene, the improved layout of ethylene and acetylene helps companies to have a higher degree of freedom of choice for their products, to cut into new materials, and to build on the cost advantage of integration of raw materials in future competitions in the field of materials.
. .c3 Industrial chain: the advantages of scale and integration are highlighted, elasticity and resilience are combined with the increasing self-sufficiency of our acrylic, and propane dehydration has become an important marginal increase in supply, c.
Acrylic acid is expected to maintain its high temperature. Satellite-based chemical deep-polycrylic acid and ester chains, currently producing capacity, are among the first in the country and the first three in the world, with significant advantages of scale. As companies have formed an integrated whole-chain layout from upstream propane dehydration to downstream acrylic acid, one can
To enjoy the profit elasticity of propane dehydration, while enjoying the high profit elasticity of acrylic acids and esters as a result of the increase in the heating of the supply and demand for acrylic acids and esters, which are complementary to each other, greatly improves the resilience and elasticity of the industrial chain. At the same time, companies are also able to match polypropene devices with market demand and demand.
We believe that propane dehydration has a positive advantage in operating between reasonable oil prices, and that the current short-term profit burden under high oil prices will bring profit elasticity. The supply of the chain of acrylic acids and esters will decline, the concentration of the taps will increase, and the supply and demand pattern will be long.
.c2 Industrial chain: ethane fission is cost-competitive in the long term, supply chain barriers are difficult to replicate phase 1.c2. The advantage of light hydrocarbon routes is highlighted by the long-term dependence on imports and supply and demand gaps in ethylene downstream of the country.
It's only in recent years that it has landed in the country because of ethane fission. It has long-term cost advantages because 2.q3 has performed well... multiple projects are being built to safeguard the future independently of crude oil and other mainstream chemicals.
This cost advantage is even more pronounced in the case of high oil prices. With the current imbalance in supply and demand and the steady deployment of the light hydrocarbon dragons, future growth is still within reach.
The ethane fission under the tremors will continue to generate excessive profits for the company. At the same time, the ethane fission project is extremely difficult to replicate, access to resources and supply chain barriers are extremely high, satellite chemistry has a pre-emptive advantage, and all supply chain links are open, and it is expected to maintain a competitive advantage over the long term.
• Building on the platform's advantages, with a lot of new materials blooming, with low-cost, large-scale product layouts for c2 and c3, companies continue to extend down the industry chain, add value to their products, and companies invest 15 billion dollars in green chemical new materials industrial park projects.
New materials to be imported into alternative and higher-value-added battery-grade carbonate, α-vinyl hydrocarbons and peta, eaa chemicals that are research- and development-oriented and provide a sustained engine for corporate growth. We believe that carbon neutral and contextual light hydrocarbon routes are irreversibly trending and are consistently seen as scarce
They choose to compare with industry-integrated firms. We think that there is a clear underestimation, compared to comparable companies, and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
(i) The project was not as fast as expected: (ii) increased competition in the industry: (iii) risks arising from fluctuations in raw materials and major products;
(4) Installation of force majeure risk: (5) risk of changes in national and industrial policies. 1 satellite chemistry: thick and thin hair, fast-growing track of performance
Satellite chemistry was established in 2005 and since its inception has focused on the integration of the c3 industrial chain and was the first company in the country to introduce the propane dehydration (pdh) process and to complete c3 industry-wide chain layout by extending the upstream and downstream industrial chain, from pdh up to mid-promoting acrylic acid/ester to downstream high-molecular emulsions, sap, dioxyhydride, etc.
Now the country's largest, world-wide, top three acrylic manufacturers. Since then, companies have sought horizontal expansion to the c2 industry chain based on the advantages of light hydrocarbon purchases. In early 2021, the subsidiary was the first, and so far the only, successful, offshore import of pure acetylene cracks.
Ethylene-based enterprises, which have since entered the complete layout of the c2 and c3 feedstock platforms from a unique light hydrocarbon perspective, have long held a leading position in the context of increased self-sufficiency of acrylic hydrocarbons.
Satellite chemistry has now formed a two-base bi-chain industry that covers the carbon industry of c2+c3 and perfects the overall industrial chain layout of the company. Caring Base: Main layoutc3 industry. Moving down from propane to acryne, acrylic acid and esters, polypropylene, high.
Aqueous resins and emulsifiable fluids, butokol and neo-pentyl alcohol, electron dioxyhydrate, etc. Laundromats base: main layout c2 industry. Industrial chains such as ethylene, polyethylene, epoxyethane, polyether monomer, ethylene, styrene/ polystyrene, ethylamine/ethylene, battery-grade carbonate.
The company was developed in three main stages (2005-2012): hard business start-ups and acrylic taps. The company was founded in 2005, starting with a high-dimension lotion, and in 2005, it built a domestic private first set of acrylic acids and esters. For many years, the company has focused on acrylic acids.
Phase II (2012-2019): Up-and-down layouts to improve integrated industrial layouts. To further capture the cost advantages of AC esters and to capture the industry ' s pre-emptive advantages, companies gradually advanced the upstream and downstream chain extension in 2012.
In order to further reduce the cost of raw materials and improve the stability of the supply chain, the company initiated the up-scaling of propane dehydration by putting in place the first domestic production device using the uop technique, which was equipped with the original acrylic acid and ester downstream, and by 2014 it completed a phase of 450,000 tonnes/year pdh installation.
In 2019, the second phase of the 450,000 tonnes/year pdh device was put into production with a package of 450,000 tonnes of polypropylene, which has since formed “propane-propylene-propyl acid (sap)-emulsifiable fluids and propane-propylene-polypropylene”.
In addition, a follow-up company invested $10.2 billion to build a 800,000-ton pdh installation with 800,000-ton butanol and 120,000-ton new quintoe in the port of Mono, which, in addition to continuing to expand its scope in the area of c3, also compensates for the need for acetexol, which has increased.
Phase III (2019-2021): Horizontal ethylene industrial chain, with light hydroxylene taps at the beginning. After completion of the c3 industrial chain, the company enters the ethylene industrial chain horizontally, thus completing the polymaterial layout of c2-c3. The ethane fission process has the advantages of short flow, high ethylene harvest, green low-carbon, low-cost, and the propane is the same as the ethylene.
In early 2021, the company was officially operational with the company's co-procurement advantage of the light hydrocarbon resources associated with shale oil and gas. The company became the first, and so far the only, company to have successfully imported ethylene ethylene from overseas, filling the gap in the domestic ethylene fission process.
In late 2021, the satellite chemical announcement invested in the new Green Chemical Materials Industrial Park project, with a total investment of about 150.
Billions of dollars, high performance material with a layout "crystal" and new energy chemicals such as 200,000 tons of ethanolamine, 800,000 tons of polystyrene, 100,000 tons of α-vinyl hydrocarbons and an accompanying poe, and 750,000 tons of carbonate, represent a step-by-step shift in companies towards a new platform for integrated materials.
Chart 3 shows the history of companies that have grown from 1.2 high-quality projects in which capital spending is driven by profitability, to high-speed, long-term capital spending, which is driven by rapid profit growth.
In 2014 and 2019, two sets of 450,000 tonnes/year pdh were put into production, the ethylene fission phase of 2021 was officially put into production, and several excellent projects were found, and successive companies contributed to the growth of operating income and profits. In 2016-2021, corporate revenue grew rapidly from $5,355 million to $28,557 million.
64%. The company has developed into a fast track. In 2022, the company’s revenues and profits will continue to grow rapidly with the bulk production of the petrochemical plant phase II in the city. Capital expenditures such as 800,000 tons of pdh and butoconeol projects and 15 billion new green chemical materials, industrial parks, etc., will continue to generate growth for the company.
Chart 4 shows a steady increase in the historical collection and the rate of increase in c2. By 2021, the company’s main business was surrounded by propane dehydration and downstream industrial chains, mainly from acrylic acid and esters and polypropylene.
With the continued release of the CZP I project, c2 chemicals are beginning to contribute. In the first half of 2021, c2 chemicals received 1,521 million yuan, or 14.2 per cent, and this share has continued to rise in the second half of the year; with the subsequent release of C2C in mid-2022, the share of C2C proceeds and profits will continue to rise.
At the same time, the company’s roe level has risen from 9.23% in 2016 to 31.02%, resulting in a significant increase in investment returns for high-quality projects. 1.3 Equity structures are stable, and 10 years of partnership ownership plans guarantee the company’s long-term growth.
The satellite chemical equity structure is concentrated, with the main shareholders being Chairman Yang Weidong and his relatives, as well as some executives of the public administration.
In January 2021, the company's current incentive to petrify 105 key players in the city also highlighted the firm's confidence in its future development. In September 2021, the company announced again the launch of the business partnership holding scheme, which provides incentives for core cadres of employees for up to 10 years, according to the previous year's net profit.
Multiply the proportion of annual net profit growth extracted as an incentive fund, and this scheme further binds the cadre of staff, contributing to the stability of personnel and to the enhancement of staff motivation.2 The advantage of light hydrocarbons in the global light-mass trend is highlighted.
The company's ethylene and acetylene manufacturing industries are at the heart of the chemical industry chain. Most chemicals are derived from this. The global production of ethylene is 200 million tons, the volume of propene is about 100 million tons, and the cost of raw material for ethylene and acetylene is high.
The analysis of the cost competitiveness of companies in the relevant industries is undoubtedly a study of their production of ethylene and acrylic, and China has traditionally had the characteristics of coal-rich oil- and gas-rich resources. Although most chemical products have been manufactured in China, they are more than 70% dependent on imports of crude oil and natural gas as the most upstream.
There is a cost advantage for raw materials, and there is still a supply and demand gap for products such as ethylene, acrylic, polyethylene, and polypropene.
The rate is close to 80%. In combination with the global capacity of a billion tons of vinyl hydrocarbons, there is a large alternative to the import of vinyl hydrocarbons, which is not a fully competitive industry. 2) Unlike resource-granting countries, competition over multiple raw materials routes in China persists and constitutes a long-term multi-competition. For large commodities such as ethylene, acrylic, and so on, cost competition.
The raw material is divided into oil head, coal head, gas head, which corresponds to the fission of the cerebral oil (as represented by smelting integration), coal-based aromatic hydrocarbons (cto/mto), light-carbon fissions (ethane fission, propane dehydration, propane cracking).
Unlike the traditional route of oil and coal headers, the air head route was limited to resource-rich areas for logistical and resource availability reasons, with a global trend of almost 10 years, while satellite chemistry caught the window and was the first to become a light hydrocarbon industry in the country.
One of the most significant changes in the global industry in the last decade is the trend of low-quality feedstocks, i.e., the production of acetyllines, which is gradually moving from heavy quartzle oils to lighter low-carbon acetylene, propane, etc.
After that, the shale gas revolution in the United States brought with it a huge amount of natural gas resources, accompanied by a large amount of low-cost ethane and propane, which could be used as a clean and low-cost feedstock for acrylic hydrocarbons. After 10 years of development, the share of lightly used materials in global ethylene rose from 32 per cent in 2010 to 40 per cent in 2020, with the exception of the growth of coal head and oil pipelines in Asia.
The logic behind this trend is that there is a greater core advantage than other routes to lightweight feedstocks: (i) the light hydrocarbon process is short and the rate is high. By process ethylene conversion rates, ethane fission is the shortest, lowest process.
In terms of the structure of the highest yield, 80% were converted to ethylene, with by-products of only 20%, which include the hydrogen by-products that can be used; while the other raw material fission routes received less than 40% of the ethylene by-products, accompanied by other products such as finished oils, acrylics, and other products with a wider product range.
The by-products digestion problem. For enterprises that require only ethylene raw materials, the ethane route is certainly more direct. Similarly, the pdh process has a higher rate of recovery than other acrylic routes, a narrower range of raw materials and products, and the products are produced only with helium gas, and the acrylic is easily separated, so the acetylene rate is higher.
Catalyst research progresses. The pdh yield rate is about 33% for the production of acetylene with a low-carbon environmental advantage for the pdh tool, which is a country-encouraged raw material route. National top-level documents refer to encouraging the development of light-materials routes.
The inclusion of “guiding the light-massification of alloys” as an important initiative in the structural upgrading of the petrochemical industry in both documents of the 14th Five-Year Guidance for Quality Development in the petrochemical Industry demonstrates the recognition of the low-carbon environmental advantages of light hydrocarbons in top-level design.
The amount of carbon released by light hydrocarbons is much lower than by other competitive routes. In terms of carbon emissions by process routes, coal-based ethylene monotons emit 11 tons of carbon dioxide (CO2) and pyrocephaly oil fission monotons emitted 2 tons of CO2 while ethane has only 1.1 tons, which is much lower than the other routes. In carbon neutrals and settings, the project has a significant low carbon advantage.
In November 2021, to guide local science, energy-efficient technologies in energy-intensive industries were modified to effectively curb the blind development of “two-high” projects, national development and reform.
The energy consumption situation in the focus areas of refined oil, coal-based hydrocarbons (ethylene and acetylene) and ethylene (stellar-cerebral hydrocarbons) is clearly defined in the notifications issued by the Committee, among others, on energy efficiency poles and baseline levels in the energy-intensive sectors (2021 edition). The energy consumption of the ethylene ethylene product from the ethylene fission device is 390 kg from the energy consumption point of view.
Oil/tonne ethylene, a propane fission device, consumes 495 kg of ethylene oils/tonne of ethylenes at energy consumption. The ethylene fission process uses significantly better energy than advanced values and energy is much lower than other competitive routes. Light hydrocarbon industries consume much less water than other competing routes.
The principle of chemical eco-priority, water-based production, demonstrates the importance that the country attaches to water consumption. In terms of water consumption, the consumption of vinyl chloride per ton of coal-based hydrocarbons is 220,000 tons, the consumption of ethylene per ton of pyrocephalic oil is 3.45 million tons, while the ethane fission is only 17 million tons, which is also lower than the other routes.
(iii) Low investment intensity in light hydrocarbons and lower cost of investment than in other routes. Compared to the 10 billion-dollar investment in refining integration, pdh and acetylene fission monotons of acrylic hydrocarbons have a relatively low level of investment and clear depreciation costs.
The investment intensity is 321 million yuan/tonne. The sum of only 3.46 billion yuan is invested in the 700,000-tonne pdh project and 50 million yuan/tonne pert is invested. The ethane fission response process is short, simple and cleaner. The investment intensity is much lower than that of the coal and petrochemical routes.
For example, the 800,000 tonnes Ethylene project, with a total investment of 10.4 billion yuan (an installation containing downstream hydroxylene), defined the energy attributes of hydrogen in the long-term plan for the development of the hydrogen energy industry (2021-2035), which was issued jointly by the National Development Commission and the National Energy Agency in March of that year, and which will form part of the future national energy system, with hydrogen being fully exploited in the country.
Cleaning up low-carbon features, driving a green low-carbon transition in energy terminals and high-energy-intensive, high-emission industries like transport, industry, etc. In the early stages of the development of the hydrogen-energy industry, it is positive to rely on existing hydrogen-producing capacities to provide easy and affordable sources of hydrogen, to support the development of hydrogen-incentive industries downstream, and to reduce the difficulty of starting hydrogen-energy industries.
The industrial by-product hydrogen gas is the hydrogen gas generated by the existing industry in the production of the target product, helium from the psa hydrogen unit, which recovers the hydrogen from it by adsorption.
The remaining mto, chlor-alkali, and light hydrocarbons industries account for about 5% of by-product hydrogen. LFA by-product hydrogen has a greater advantage in a single set of devices, propane dehydrate mono-propylene by-products about 43 kg hydrogen gas, ethane fission by-product 65 kg hydrogen, which has a clear advantage over other routes.
In the process route of ethylene, the ethane fission is the highest, more than three times the rate of production of the remaining material. At the same recovery rate, ethane fission produces more than two times the hydrogen of the cerebral oil route. This is mainly the result of ethylene fission.
The most immediate advantage of the by-product hydrogen route is the supply of raw materials or fuel to the industrial chain itself, which reduces the integration process. The higher the hydrogen rate can help companies to take advantage of this because of the high number of sub-hydrogen processing processes.
Resources reduce the cost of other processes, in the case of acrylic acetylene, where the liquid ammonia required is obtained from synthetic ammonia, a typical helium-consuming process with a price of up to 15,000 yuan/tonne in Helium in the east of China, which effectively reduces the cost of the industrial chain through the circulation of helium self-cycles. 1 ton of acrylic acetylene consumes 0.5 tons of synthetic ammonia, and theoretically 1 ton is the sum of 1 ton.
The liquid hydrogen (specific) requirement for alumina is about 0.18 tons, so the standard 260,000 tonnes/year acrylonitrile device consumes about 234,000 tons of hydrogen, reducing the procurement cost of $351 million if it is used as a by-product.Pdh device has 99.99 per cent pure by-product hydrogen, which can be achieved through psa.
99.999%; according to satellite chemical disclosure, the company ' s ethane fission pyrogen dehydrate and ethane fission process can be 99.999% pure and can be used directly as a hydrogen energy source. At the same time, light hydrocarbon production is simple and impurities are much lower than coal hydrogen, gas hydrogen, and flaring hydrogen, and can be used only at a smaller cost for their purification.
The amount of hydrogen produced by the company can reach 300,000 tons a year. On the one hand, the company ' s hydrogen gas is used to cycle into electron and photovoltaic dioxygen water or to sell it out of the park, and on the other hand, the company will become the dominant in the future of the region.
Helium energy suppliers export out. The company does not need pure helium to be used as a direct source of helium energy.
At the same time, the company has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Zhejiang Energy Group to promote the development of the hydrogen industry in the province, which is expected to grow in the future.
3.1 The satellite chemical c3 industrial chain layout is well developed. The company is a domestic acrylic acid and esters tap company, which, after many years of upstream and downstream layouts, has now formed a complete c3 industrial chain, including the “pdh-propyl acid-sap-high molecule emulsion” industrial chain, “pdh-polymer” and “pdh-polymer”
The acrylic chain and the built-up "pdh-butylol/neopentadiol" industry chain have helped the company to regulate the downstream atmosphere at different times. The company is now the first in the country and the first three in the world.
pdh-acrylate-sap-high molecular emulsion chain: 450,000 tons pddh, 660,000 tons of acrylic acid, 750,000 tons of acrylic acid, 220,000 tons of peroxy water, 150,000 tons of sap, 210,000 tons of high molecular emulsion, 21,000 tons of pigment intermediates under construction with 250,000 tons of peroxyhydrate (in electron grade), 200,000 tons of acrylate
pdh-polypropylene chains: 450,000 tonnes pdh, 450,000 tonnes polypropylene pdh-butanol/neopentadiol chains: 800,000 tonnes pdh, 800,000 tonnes butanol, 120,000 tonnes neopentadiol.
3.2 Acrylic industry self-sustainability increases and the cost of entering the age of stock competition will be competitive The gas route will be parallel, the oil-head route being the traditional refined oil and ethylene steam fission by-products, the coal-head route being the only emerging Chinese route cto/ctp (co-based integrated production of ethylene and acrylate via methanol) and
mto/mtp (for methanol production ethylene and propylene), the airhead route is the pdh route.
On the demand side, the current annual demand for acrylic is about 40 million tons per year, with an annual average demand increase of about 9%, with downstream demand dominated by polypropene and the main demand increase. In recent years, with the continued production of pdh and cto/mto devices, the rate of substitution for acrylic imports has accelerated, and China ' s Acrylic gap is expected to shrink.
Small. From the perspective of future competition, firms with better cost controls and economies of scale can take the lead. Chart 23, China's supply gap for acrylic, 3.3 propane dehydration has a cost advantage when operating within reasonable oil price zones.
The pdh installation requires a high purity of propane (97 per cent required) and impurities (up to 100 ml/l in impurities of sulphur volume) and a higher sulphur content of lpg by-products from domestic refineries, so pdh has largely benefited from the convergence of propane produced with large shale oil gas in the United States and the Middle East to meet local demand.
At the same time, global trade in propane is possible because of its relatively low maritime transport requirements. As early as 2013, the first propane dehydration devices in the country were built by enterprises represented by nectar, satellite chemistry.
The number of enterprises currently planning new pdh devices is very high. According to incomplete statistics, a total of 15 million tons of additional capacity are being built/planned, reflecting industry interest in the pdh project. We expect that, after the stock competition phase, pdh will become more environmentally friendly in the next few years, with a high rate of short-flow yields and low investment intensity.
From the start of the first set of pdh in the country, the pdh project has maintained a relatively good return on investment. This has also prompted more firms to plan for the ppdh project. According to our calculations, the full cost of pdh in the last 10 years has been lower than that of the petrocephalus and the kerosene route.
The historical cost comparison by route (in United States dollars/tonne) of figure 26 acrylene, which usually fluctuates with crude oil due to the strong correlation of both propane and propylene to crude oil prices. Since propane has fuel properties, the price differentials are seasonal and winter price differentials tend to contract, while summer
However, after winter 2022, the pdh price difference did not recover as expected, mainly due to international tensions and lack of supply-side resilience, which contributed to a sharp rise in oil prices and rising import costs. On 31st day, China imported propane to China at an estimated US$ 837/tonne, up 11 per cent from the beginning of the year.
There is a gap between the increase and crude oil, but coal and methanol increased by only 7% over the same period, significantly less than the increase in propane, so that the production costs of pdh are significantly higher than the costs of cto and mto, and are now only lower than the fracking industry. The increase in domestic supply of acrylate and the slowdown in macroeconomic downside and real-estate demand have resulted in acrylic prices.
As demand recovers and oil prices are suspended, we expect that there will be limited space for lower prices, and it is expected that the fuel properties of propane will be reduced as the pdh project progresses.
Weak, seasonal fluctuations are slower. Figure 27 Price differentials for acrylic-propanes, 3.4. Satellite chemical pdh downstream extension industrial chain selection leads to profitability and elasticity
The pdh device, in addition to the cost of propane procurement, is another important factor affecting the profitability of the pdh enterprise, which is the product structure of the extended industrial chain of companies.
In the context of the increased production capacity of pdh, having its own downstream dominant industrial chain ensures the profitability of integrated devices. As a result of years of deep farming in a downstream industry, it is better able to cope with market volatility, particularly by relieving the pressure on pdh and ensuring the stability of profits.
At the same time, the pdh downstream industrial chain has seen a profit differentiation in recent years. A better supply and demand pattern, with a high climate, has led to a profit elasticity in the industrial chain. Among these, the firm's deep-cultivated acrylic acid industry is one of the most resilient sectors in the carbon sector today, where the rise in the price of this round of crude oil has had a limited profit-making impact due to good supply and demand patterns.
Satellites provide a very high degree of profit elasticity.
Acrylic acid is an important organic synthesis material and synthetic resin monomer, excellent performance, extensive application, and mainly downstream acrylic acid, high-water inhalation resins (sap), water abatement, etc. The largest consumer area for acrylic acid is the acrylic acid ester, which consists mainly of acrylic acid, acetate, butycetate, acrylate, hectaline, etc., with application collars.
Satellite chemistry has become a global leader in the acrylic and ester industries. In 2020, global Acrylic production was about 8.85 million tonnes/year, mainly in North-East Asia, Western Europe and North America, with North-East Asia producing global capacity.
In North America and the developed regions of Western Europe, the growth in the production capacity of acrylic acids and esters has ceased, mainly from North-East Asia. Of this, satellite chemistry has 660,000 tons of acrylic acid and 840,000 tons of acrylic esters, with the largest capacity in the country, the top three in the world.
The Acid industry has finished shuffling, with a limited supply in the next five years. In 2021, China produced 3.6 million tons of Acid. 2016-2020 was a concentrated release period for Acid production, although demand has also increased, but the overall supply has grown faster than demand, and the industry has not been profitable since 2020.
At the end of the cards, the long-term low start-up rate has led to a decline in the willingness of the two- or-three-line enterprises to expand their production, and to the end of the new investment in productive capacity, which has slowed significantly, and the start-up rate has increased significantly.
The essence of improved supply and demand in the acrylic sector is the stable pattern of competition after years of poor post-productivity and the orderly expansion of production. In terms of supply patterns, the domestic acrylic industry is about 59%, with the top five producing capacities being satellite chemistry, Tyinguco, Yangbasov, Ningbot and Shanghai Soup.
Growth is slowing, and all of the new production capacity is being contributed by the top five leaders. According to our statistics, in 2022-2025, only the Sorority, Mandarin, and Satellite-based Growth Plan will increase at a combined rate of about 3.8 per cent over the next five years, below the growth in demand in the industry, with a further increase in industrial concentration and a more orderly delivery of production capacity.
Figure 32 Supply patterns for acrylic acids, satellite chemistry, Tae Hengxie.
I'm the son of Basve, I'm the man of the House, and I'm the man of Shanghai.
There are only five companies with access to acrylic resources, namely, Man-Wise Chemistry, Satellite Chemistry, Dai-Stage Ningbo, Yang-Basf, and China Sea Oil Hye.
Of these, HDW, satellite, and desktop top-up pdh, are competitive by being able to access less expensive acrylic than several others. For the remaining two or three lines of production, the advantage is maintained because of the tight supply side of carbon in the middle and in the context, there is no upstream-side enterprise, which is difficult to take up later, and the dominant advantage is maintained.
As the main downstream acrylic acid, acrylic esters tend to be associated with acrylic acid, so the supply pattern is similar to that of acrylic acids. In 2021, the production capacity of acrylic esters was about 3 million tons, industry cr5 was 60%, the top five were satellite chemistry, Shanghai Soyuz, Yangbasov, and the top five companies were all equipped with acrylic.
Acid production has been highly integrated. In 2022-2025, the additional production of acrylic esters increased less, both downstream and acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic accelerates.
In 2020, global demand for acrylic acid was about 6.4 million tons. In terms of global regional demand, the main consumption areas were North-East Asia, Western Europe and North America, with North-East Asia accounting for 53% of global consumption.
Acrylic acid demand: In terms of demand structure, about 50% of acrylic acid is processed into acrylic acid globally, while the remaining 50% is purified with 98% ~99.5% icecrylic acid and converted to polypropyl acid, further modified to produce advanced hydropolymer (sap) and other polypropyl acid co-polymer. In my country, 2021 Acrylic acid watch
About 21.9 million tonnes were consumed, with a combined increase of 10.8% in 2016-2021 and a significant increase in demand. Of this amount, 59% of acrylic acids were processed into acrylic acids and 31% of downstream sap resins. Thus, acrylic acids and sap resins were required for acrylic esters: in 2021, the country ' s acrylic esters were estimated to be about 15.7 million tonnes.
In 2017-2018, the apparent consumption of acetyl esters increased less, mainly as a result of environmental censorship restricting production and export demand in downstream small and medium enterprises. In 2016-2021, acrylic esters increased at a rate of about 6%. In the downstream industry, 556,000 tons of glue were required in 2020, representing about 6%.
Figure 342021 Demand patterns for acrylic acid. Chart 352021 Demand patterns for acrylic esters.
In recent years, there has been a marked trend towards substitution of oil coatings for water coatings, with a combined increase of 16.5 per cent in the production of water paints from 2016 to 2020 and a water coating ratio of over 45 per cent in 2020.
Polyester coatings and epoxy resin coatings account for the majority because of their better water resistance, and in our country the acrylic coatings account for about 23% of water coatings. The demand for acrylic emulsions has thus benefited from recent years' replacement oils for water coatings.
Figure 37 Water coating raw material structure by 2020 Construction paints are the fastest water-substitution in all types of paints, mainly due to the country's stricter regulations on building paints, followed by policies related to building paints, which accelerate the water-substitution of building paints.
About 80% of building paints use aqueous emulsions, and the proportion continues to rise, with acrylic paints accounting for 47% of them, which will benefit to a greater extent from the trend of substitution of water paints. State regulation of building paints is more stringent, followed by policies related to building paints, leading to water from building paints.
Sap Demand: Another large and fast-growing downstream acrylic is sap resin. The sap resin is a functional high molecular material with a large, pro-water-based group with a high absorbent function that absorbs water hundreds to thousands of times heavier than itself, and preserves good water performance, which is difficult to separate even when the inhalation expands into water gels.
The sap resin, with its high inhalability, high inhalation speed and high insulation capacity, is widely used in physiological hygiene products, such as women ' s sanitary towels, paper diapers, adult multifunctional care mats, water-spill paper, pet pads, etc., and is an ideal product in the area of hygiene supplies, with rapidly growing demand. In 2020, the global demand for sap resins was about 3.4 million.
Tons, demand will rise to 4.4 million tons in 2025, at a compound annual rate of 5.3%, with demand rising in developing countries. In China’s market, in the context of ageing and triple-child policies, demand for adult and baby paper urinary pants has increased sharply, with adult paper urinary irritation increasing by 23.2% over the past five years.
The rate of growth will be significantly higher than the global average, at 10-12%. In 2020, the global production of sap resin reached 5.05 million tons, with the world’s three largest players winning by Japan, Germany, Basff, and Germany. Domestic production is about 1.5 million tons, and production is close to 1 million tons.
Less, but the domestic product is structurally problematic, and the market is still monopolized by three major foreign firms, such as the Arsenal, the Friends, and the Japanese Motivator, which account for more than 70% of the market share. The technical barriers to the Sap resin are high, and most private enterprises are small in size, and the technology is markedly different from overseas, and the process stability is low, making the start rate common.
It's not very high, and it's mainly a medium- and low-end market, with no access to mainstream medium- and high-end markets, especially high-quality baby paper urinary brands. Even if it can be accessed, the trial validation cycle is very long. Satellite chemistry currently has 150,000 tons of capacity, or 10% of the country's capacity.
And in the last two years, three major multinational giants have successfully passed on to high-end applications markets, product quality, and are increasingly recognized as the country’s leading sap producer, from production to quality.
4 ethylene industrial chain: ethane fission is cost-competitive in the long term, success in satellite chemistry is difficult to replicate 4.1 ethylene supply and demand: supply and demand patterns are superior, and there is still a large import alternative space
Although most of our chemical production capacity has been self-sufficient and has become a global chemical production centre by virtue of the industrial cluster advantage, only 64% of the ethylene equivalent self-sufficiency rate as the mother of the chemical remains highly dependent on overseas imports. At the supply end, our ethylene equivalent produced about 36 million tons in 2021.
In the past few years, despite the large gap in demand for ethylene, the inert capacity has been rising year by year, mainly from the point of view of the current demand for ethylene, which is about 66 million tons, to only 64% of domestic self-sufficiency.
From the mto device, under the lower oil prices of previous years, the mto was hit by low-cost imports from overseas for a long time below the profit-and-loss line, and the rate of start-up continued to fall, thus having the effect of crowding out this part of production. With the oil price up since 2021, the rate of start-up has increased, but even if the previously ineffective capacity was fully released, the gap is still running.
More than 20 million tons. By 2025, even if all of the current planned capacity is released, the ethylene gap will be more than 10 million tons, there will be large import substitution space, and the critical need to be able to match the cost of imported products.
Figure 41 Supply and demand of ethylene in China 4.2 ethylene fission is the main production process overseas, and in recent years the ethylene process has been imported into the country only under conditions of landing.
In my country, oil-head routes have always dominated the ethylene competitive route, but globally, the extraction of ethane fission gas has led to large amounts of light hydrocarbon resources containing ethane and propane, and the price of ethane has fallen rapidly. The price of ethylene in the United States has fallen sharply since the revolution in chart 42 shale gas, leading to a sharp fall in local prices of ethylene.
Thanks to a large amount of low-cost ethane resources, after 2016 the U.S. opened a new ethylene device to heat up, all of which came from ethylene fission. By 2020, 84% of ethylene in the U.S. came from pure ethylene fission.
The main sources are “dry gas”, very low concentrations of ethane, high extraction costs, and difficulties in extracting enough ethane for chemical production. As a result of resource endowment problems, there are no pure ethane fission devices in the country for a long period of time, and only a small amount of light hydrocarbon gas (which is not separated from ethane lpg, etc.) is returned to the inner cycle of the furnace. This is the case until the United States page.
The advent of the rock and gas revolution and the technological breakthrough of the vessel Vlec led to lower ocean transport costs, which made the opportunity to import ethane from the United States a reality. 4.3 In the context of high oil prices, ethane fission has a relative cost advantage.
The ethane fission is always on the leftmost side of the cost curve, with a particular advantage under high oil prices. According to our calculations, the cost of the ethane fission route has remained almost the lowest in all routes for nearly a decade.
Levels, with little volatility. This is due to the fact that ethane came almost entirely from the United States after the shale gas revolution, and that in the United States most of ethane is associated with natural gas, is more relevant to local gas prices in the United States, is less relevant to paracetylene oil, and is long-term, because the US gas continues to be supplied more than needed and cannot be absorbed through overseas exports.
The price of ethane in figure 44 is highly correlated with the price fluctuations of natural gas, the supply of ethane in the United States is consistently greater than demand, and the price of ethane is supported by the thermal value of ethane in the United States.
Supply oversupply is due mainly to the rapid annual growth in supply following the shale gas revolution, and the rapid and reactive growth of ethane as an associated resource, and the decline in domestic demand as a result of the first wave of ethane fission, which has been virtually non-existent since 2021.
The main products are processed into polyethylene and ethylene exports, while the cost of single investment and human power in the United States has nearly doubled in recent years than in China, and the attitude of the chemical giants to build new ethane cracks locally has shifted to caution. As a result, ethane in the United States is oversupplyed for a long time, most of it has to return to gas to burn as fuel, 2021.
The annual re-entry is 15 million tonnes and is expected to continue.Figure 45 US ethane continues to supply more than it needs, and a large number of ethanes return to the ground (in tons) precisely because of the current state of oversupply, and most ethane will return to gas fields to burn it as fuel.
One characteristic, so the lower price limit for ethane is the price of ethane corresponding to the thermal conversion factor for gas by ethane above, and the nuclear dollar/tonne (US$9/mmbtu*49mmbtu/t), reflecting the strong correlation with natural gas. Logistics costs during mining support the price of ethane.
More than two-thirds of the ethane increase comes from the permain area and is transported at a reasonable distance. The price cap for ethane, which is being suppressed for profit by local ethane fission, is now low, with subsequent increases in ethane with limited kinetic energy. Since the export market is still small relative to domestic consumption, when local prices rise to a certain level in the United States,
The local ethylene fissions choose to lower the price of the capped ethane, keeping it in a relatively reasonable range. For example, in 2018 the price of ethylene rose sharply to over US$ 350 due to short-term capacity in the United States of America, when the U.S. ethylene-1.3* ethane price difference had reached near zero, and the downstream loss had already occurred, and the downside drop was fast-felling.
The price of ethane has recovered to a reasonable level in just a few weeks. Historically, in a state of chronic oversupply for shale gas in the United States, ethane in the United States has been able to stabilize at less than $300, while the price of oil has risen to support ethylene, so ethane fission has generally performed more under high oil prices.
Oil routes are better. Recently, however, the lower limit of ethane was driven by the increase in natural gas prices in the United States, and the delayed transmission of ethylene prices led to a narrowing of the overall price difference, but we think that as the United States finds itself in a very low position in history, downstream will push the price of ethane down by lowering its load.
The upper price limit for chart 46 ethane is determined by the profitability of local ethylene installations in the United States by the extremely high barriers to competition for 4.4 ethylene fission, which makes it difficult to replicate the success of satellite chemistry, and the high barriers to access to ethane resources. ethane, like propane, comes from shale oil and shale gas associated with the Middle East.
The Middle East region has seen a slow increase in ethane production in recent years, at a rate of only 3 per cent over the past 10 years, owing to the export of ethylene ethylene and ethylene ethylene, mainly from ethylene fission, which are still in short supply in the country. The current global use of ethane resources for non-export purposes is only in the United States.
The supply chain barriers for ethane resources are extremely high. Unlike other large chemicals, the supply chain barriers for ethane imports are very high.
The ethane exports from the United States are mainly through several links, and the mixed components obtained by shale oil and gas wells will be transported to the local air treatment plant for initial separation, where the main components of gas and crude oil will enter the domestic pipeline and split.
The discrete ngl component (natural gas condensate) is transported through a dedicated pipeline to the Montbelvieu distillation centre in Houston, divided into ethane, propane, butane, crack gasoline, etc., and part of it into the pipe network directly to downstream chemical enterprises, and part of the dedicated pipeline for export is to be constructed to export exports.
The facility, the export facility, contains liquefied devices, large-scale deep cold liquefied tanks, and ancillary docks.
The supply chain for the import of ethane is long and requires many key nodes. First, ethane resources are scarce, can only be purchased in the United States, and local intermediate infrastructure providers need to be targeted for stable resources; and second, ethane.
Export requires a dedicated export facility with a high degree of scarcity. Currently, the two major export facilities for ethane in the United States have a contractual lock-in, no empty capacity, and new dedicated pipelines and export facilities are required for export; again, the transport vehicles used are very difficult to build, and the shipboards are scarce resources.
In order to address these supply chain bottlenecks, satellite chemistry has taken the following initiatives: 1) Satellite chemistry has signed a long-term pact with head suppliers eergytransferproducts to secure a long-term stable source of goods.
Lock export facilities to ensure stability of supply, and participate in the construction of export facilities in a joint venture with etc., further locking in export routes from sources. 3) Signing long-term charter agreements with internationally recognized shipowners, which match time with upstream contracts, connects the entire process. At the same time, such long-term bindings and intermediate supply chains are customised service providers.
The advantage of the business model is to maximize profit-control risk and to ensure a stable source of goods and supply chain access. It is worth noting that a joint venture between a satellite upstream and a resource firm can significantly reduce the cost of its procurement and increase the stability of its sources.
It is difficult to impact market patterns with a device. Even with a project being launched at this time, and if consideration is given to the physical approval cycle, the expansion or new construction cycle of U.S. export facilities, and the manufacturing cycle of vlec ships, it will take at least two to three years to release the additional capacity, and it will be difficult for businesses to replicate the satellite until 2025.
4.5 ethanol is the second largest application of ethylene downstream, accounting for 11%. On the demand side, we need ethanol downstream.
The concentration is concentrated in the polyester sector, which accounts for more than 95 per cent of total demand for ethanol. Demand has grown rapidly in the last five years, with cagr 10.3 per cent on the supply side, and the ethanol process has been divided mainly into coal-based ethanol and ethylene-based ethanol.
The low rate of start-up is mainly due to the cost of coal-based ethanol, which is higher than the price of imported ethanol, and the resulting crowding effect. In terms of supply patterns, ethylene ethylene ethanol is still the dominant, with three barrels of oil in the main, this category.
The device is essentially relatively high and low for the production of ethylene by different routes, and the ethane fission of the satellite chemistry is the industry's largest left, so competition in the market for ethanol products is neutral and undefeated. The coal-based ethanol method has long been the Middle East ethane fission.
Chart 50 shows variations in the price of ethanol in different feedstocks, product matrices are perfect, and the flexibility of the c2 industrial chain is evident. The company saw the potential risk of ethanol production being delivered in advance to the peak period, adjusting the product structure of Phase II in time to increase the polyether monomer.
Products. Since then, the company ' s carbon II downstream has multiple product categories of polyethylene, eo/eg, eo/polyether monomer, and the product matrix is well developed, allowing for flexible market marketing based on supply and demand for downstream products and price fluctuations, to maximize profits.
Polyether large monomers can be associated with the sale of acrylic acids. The polyether large monomer is also known as the polytheric acid dehydrator monomer, which is the main raw material for the synthesis of polythermic acid dehydrates. Polytheric acid dehydrates are the newest form of concrete plus, known as the third-generation high-performance dehydration agent.
Water abatement rates, better cement adaptation, etc. At the same time, non-processed waste water and waste gas generation in the production of polytheric acid dehydrates are green and environmentally friendly materials. Mostly, the polythermic acid dehydrates are synthesized using polyethers, such as gpeg or tpegs, and small monomers, such as acrylic acids, are induced by the oxidation of anti-bad blood acid-dioxygenic water.
Compolymeric reaction. Satellites have been under cultivation in the acrylic acid industry for more than a decade, and client groups have stabilized, producing polyether large single body energy sufficient to co-operate with the sale of acrylic acid, providing both polyether large monomer and acrylic acid to customers and improving their viscous content.
By the end of 2021, satellite chemistry announced investment in a new green chemical new materials estate project, with a total investment of about $15 billion, high-performance material with a layout "cracked neck."
New energy chemicals such as 200,000 tons of ethanolamine, 800,000 tons of polystyrene, 100,000 tons of α-vinyl hydrocarbons and accompanying poe, 750,000 tons of carbonate, etc. mark a step-by-step shift to a new integrated material platform. 5.1 Battery-grade carbonate demand has erupted, with significant cost advantages for the eo approach
Battery-grade carbonate esters are associated with high-speed growth in the penetration of new energy vehicles. The White Paper on the Development of Lithium ion Batteries in China (2022), published jointly by the evtank and the Ive Economic Research Institute, shows that global electrolytic fluids in 2021 amounted to 612,000 tons, with higher rates of innovation than 60%.
The mass fractions exceed 80% and the market size of the solvent is 490,000 tonnes. Carbonate and cyclic carbonate are the most commonly used types of solvents. The electrolytic solution needs to meet the following characteristics. 1) has a high frequency of intermediate electricity, sufficient solubility of lithium salt; 2) has low viscosity, easy ion transmission; 3) chemical stability, and electrodes.
Material compatibility is good; 4) liquid temperature range is wide, i.e. low boiling point height at the melting point; 5) safe (high flash point), non-toxic, economic. Linear carbonate viscosity and melting point are low, regular and cyclic carbonate are used in combination to compensate for the deficiencies in the cyclic carbonate high viscosity and melting point.
(dmc) is a relatively large variety, with use ranging from about 30 to 40 per cent, although we are a major producer of industrial grade dmc, the barriers to production at battery level dmc are mainly due to the difficulty of purity, which is different from 99.9 per cent at industrial level, and at battery level dmc requires higher purity levels of 99.99 per cent or even higher.
99.99% higher. At the same time, downstream customers are certified severely and few domestic producers are able to produce, so domestic market supply is dominated by a preponderant pattern, with only a few firms, such as Walluhingl (300 tons), Ishi Dae-hwa (200,000 tons), Haiko Energy, Auck shares and Zhejiang petrochemicals, having a productive capacity.
With input from the c2 industrial chain and long-term R & D capabilities, the company will open the eo-type exchange process route and plan for the gradual construction of 750,000 tons of lithium cell electrolyte solution, of which 300,000/150,000/300,000 tonnes are planned for phase II and phase III, respectively. The company proposes to build a product consisting of dmc, dec, emc and ec multiple electrolyte solutions, which will be convenient.
The company processes green processes, companies develop CO2 capture and use techniques (ccus), collect CO2 emissions from ethylene production and synthesize CO2 with CO2 dmc in the company ' s c2, capture carbon emissions from production processes, 750,000 tonnes/
The annual carbonate can consume 375,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide per year, and a new path to carbon-deducing development is in practice. Currently, the satellite-chemical green chemical material dmc project is expected to launch a test vehicle by the end of the year to ease supply and demand constraints. 5.2 ACs and poe are expected to become the next profit-driven core.
α-vinyl hydrocarbons are those with two keys at the end of the molecular chain, generally c4 and above, which have different applications for carbon chain lengths and are more widely used for straight chain α-vinyl hydrocarbons with a range of c6~c18 (or c20). The most widely applied species are components C4, c6 and c8.
Hexaphene (c6) and 1-octane (c8) can be used to produce condensed monomers of high-density polyethylene (hdpe) and linear low-density polyethylene (lldpe) and polyolefin elastomers (poe) to increase their resilience to tear and stretching, accounting for more than 60 per cent of total consumption of alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons, up to 80 per cent of the demand in the country.
Global production technology and production capacity for α-vinyl hydrocarbons are mainly in the hands of globally recognized companies such as cpchem, shell, sasol, idemitsu, sabic/linde, ininos. By the end of 2019, total global production of α-vinyl hydrocarbons (excluding c4 separation of 1-butylene) was 4.89 million tonnes/year.
Shell, cpchem, sasol and ininos, which together account for 81.3% of total global production capacity, and China, where the a-cylene production ratio is only 1.5%. This is an indication that our research and development of α-vinyl hydrocarbons is still in its infancy. In recent years, we have made progress in the development of α-vinyl hydrocarbons.
Better, but there are relatively few landing devices in the country. In the process of ethylene condensation with α-vinyl hydrocarbons, α-vinyl hydrocarbons add less than 20% to a plastic body called pop, while elastics add more than 20%, called poe. Pop is better suited to be a blowtorch, squeezed out, extended.
Poe is recognized as one of the dominant materials in the photovoltaic membrane because of its good tolerance, UV-resilient ageing, and excellent heat-resistant, low-temperature properties. It can be replaced by traditional rubber and plastic soft products in many settings, and it is also a polypropylene adaptive agent with superior performance.
As a co-moderative material for generic polyolefin products, the most significant applications in the country are currently in the field of improving the resistance of materials, mainly in automobiles, and the photovoltaic area may be the fastest growing applications in the field of poe, mainly in film wrapping.
The photovoltaic coating of eva membranes is placed between the glass of the PV component and the solar cells or backboards and solar batteries. It is used to encapsulate and protect solar cells. It is one of the key materials of the PV component. The main packagings on the market are the transparent eva film, the white eva film, the poe film, the epe film, etc.
The typical structure of the photovoltaic component in figure 54 and the application of its encapsulation material The current e-film has greater advantages due to process maturity, good process performance and good economics, but the medium term is expected to increase the penetration of the epe component and open the demand for the poe in the context of an increase in the penetration of the two-bob component.
According to the eva-poe Study of the Use of Bibonic Components, the low isolation of water vapours can cause a pit phenomenon, i.e. power induction decline, in the form of battery surface passivation, and a sharp drop in the power of the components. The mechanism is that when used, it is not possible for the eva to insulate 100%, and thus it penetrates through silicon glue, backboards, etc., inside the assembly.
Material is decomposed in water, resulting in free movement acetic acid, and a alkali reaction from the glass surface, which creates a free movement sodium ion, which moves to the battery ' s surface under the function of the extra-electric field, congregates to the battery ' s surface, leading to a pit phenomenon. Poe ' s anti-water-resistance barrier can be reduced efficiently.
The pid phenomenon arises. Although the low permeability rate of the two-probable components can alleviate the problem, it can't take root. Although the poe has a better anti-pid performance and anti-aging performance, its development is constrained by high prices, which are rooted in the fact that the country has not yet been industrialized and has been dependent on imports for a long time.
The balance of performance is now in the form of a combination of eva+poe encapsulation, combined with the antipid properties of the poe membrane and the advantages of water resistance, and the good processing of the material. As the poe moves forward with national production and the application of improved technology, the poe is expected to increase its penetration to supplement the eeva membrane.
The application in the photovoltaic area is expected to open when industrial landings are completed. Figure 56eva and Poe resistancepid performance comparisons are similar to α-vinyl hydrocarbons, with Poe technology in the hands of a few companies in the United States and Japan.
1 million tonnes, or 50% of global production, will be expanded to 1.8 million tonnes in 2025, and Exxon Mobil and Sansui will have 600,000 tonnes and 250,000 tonnes of capacity, while the progress of domestic firms is still largely in the initial stages. Poe's technical difficulties are concentrated in the molten metal catalysts. Satellite chemistry is actively developing Poe particles that can be used for photo-voltaic film encapsulation, and is currently developing.
5.3 eaa applications open up, and productive sites are expected to fill gaps in the country. Companies are good at integrating their c3 and c2 industrial chains into new materials and actively seek advanced technical cooperation.
In 2021, the company announced the signing of a memorandum of understanding for cooperation with the sk integrated chemical to co-invest $163 million in the construction of a 40,000-ton high-end package of new material eaa. eaa (the ethylene acrylic condensate) is a monomer of acrylic acid and ethylene co-polymer, which effectively combines the company ' s existing c2 and c3 industrial chains.
This material is a new packaging material with excellent thermal seals, tearproofness, air isolation and water vapour, which is widely used in soft packaging areas such as food medicine, while it has excellent glue capacity such as metals, glass, etc., and can also be used in wire cables, steel coatings.
According to the literature, there is a higher degree of viscous performance and higher heat stability, and non-corrosive products, and there is a wider range of processing conditions that can be adapted to replace it in the middle of the viscosm complex membranes, and according to the China-Asian Economic Intelligence Network, in 2022, the market was about 2.4 million tons, and the demand for the glue was about 10%.
According to ethylene-propyl acid condensate market demand, the material is currently fully import-dependent, with annual imports of about 20-30 million tons, of which high end composite soft packaging materials demand about 15,000 tonnes/year for coated eaa products, and the basis for domestic demand for internal and external shielding of high-pressure cables.
In terms of pattern, global eaa production includes Dubon, French Akma, and around $10,000/tonne, with higher value added. But high prices also limit the expansion of their applications to high end uses. If domestic capacity breaks, they open up market space. Companies are also expected to be the first breakthrough.
We base our profit projections on the assumption that the company ' s ongoing construction projects, namely, the second phase of cloud petrochemicals, the new green chemical materials, 800,000 tons of pdh and butocones, will be ready to start production as scheduled, assuming that the second phase of petrochemicals projects in cloud ports will begin production in the third quarter of 2022.
Assuming that the Green Chemical New Materials Project is making a continuous contribution from the beginning of next year, it is assumed that 800,000 tons of pdh and butoconeol will be phased in at the end of Project 2023.
Assumption three: considering the stable pattern of expansion in the acrylic acid industry, the gradual rationality of the expansion and the more rigid demand, no additional output growth in the next three to five years is below the rate of demand, and it is expected that prices and price differentials will sustain high-level shocks;
(i) The project was not as fast as expected; (ii) increased competition in the industry; and (iii) risks arising from fluctuations in raw materials and major products;
(4) Risk of installation of force majeure: (5) Risk of changes in national and industrial policies.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.