Shanghai Medicines (601607.sh) Increase (first rating)
From pharmaceuticals to the head of circulation, the industrial chain of medicine leads. (i) Optimization: from a revenue point of view, corporate business and industry contribute a ratio of 9:1; from a Māori point of view, both contribute half; from a commercial point of view due to continued industrial upscaling of inputs, short-term, net profits from companies, 60% of which contribute to the future, with innovation medicine.
The company is China’s largest import platform for pharmaceuticals, vaccine-agent medical devices, and a leader in the new retail innovation of prescription drugs. (3) Innovation will start in the first year: nearly six years of corporate R & D investment has been maintained in a share.
In the top five cases, research and development investment increased from 620 million yuan in 2015 to 2.5 billion yuan in 2021; At the end of the industry, growth was strong. (1) In the short term: the company has three self-research drugs and 53 are under study, six of which are already clinically in three stages.
Period: Upstream efficiency gains will be achieved with the company ' s 10 billion-dollar incremental introduction of the Yunnan white drug, and downstream, building on the success of products such as the white drug as aerosols, Band-Aids, toothpaste at the end of consumption, to better develop the nine core brands and secret formulation varieties such as the eight bodands, and the six schillings. (3) Forward: companies are home-owned with rare formulas.
We expect that corporate revenues at the end of industry will increase at the rate of post-infection repairs and new medicines approved; 2022 at the commercial end, the platform has significant synergies and size advantages. The company is the country's second largest national drug-distribution enterprise.
And the largest imported drug platforms, covering more than 32,000 health-care institutions in more than 31 provinces and municipalities. Based on traditional distribution, based on “Internet+” commercial platforms, company-based integration online solutions and offline retail operations, provide patients with services such as the purchase of medicines, health management, payment of medicines, etc.; in addition, companies
It also provides retail, clinical, supply chain, and other life-cycle services for new specials. Under this innovative model, the Up-to-Collard Health platform will serve as a hub for traffic, integrating pharmaceutical companies, hospitals, pharmacies, patient resources, and is expected to generate significant income increases in the future. We expect distribution and retail sales to take place in 2022/23/24.
Zhao Haichun, the risk of failure in the development of new medicines, loss of goodwill, and less than expected strategic cooperation. Innovation driven, internationalized development, the world’s 500 largest pharmaceutical companies in both pharmaceuticals and circulation.
The pharmaceutical world’s top50, the commercial Chinese top2 leader of the whole-industry chain of medicine, was founded in 1994 as a large State-owned pharmaceutical industry group, listed in Hong Kong on both sides. For three years in a row, the company has been on the Fortune world’s top 500 list.
According to the Ministry of Commerce, the company is the second largest company in China’s pharmaceutical circulation business. Large-scale leader; Shanghai medicine, in the first three quarters of 2022, was ranked 41st out of 17.4 billion yuan.
The company is China’s largest import platform for pharmaceutical, epidemiology, and is a pioneer in the new retail innovation of prescription drugs. Innovation drives the shift in the focus of profit, and the pharmaceutical end will become a future profit-maker.
From the point of view of revenue, business and industry contribute 9:1; from the point of view of Māori each contributes 60% of the net profits of the company due to higher R & D inputs, short-term, and sustained growth at the industrial level.
From business, and with the rapid rise in the ratio of innovation drugs in the future, industry will grow into the future, innovation will continue, production research will be more cooperative, multi-dimensional and continuous, and research and development inputs will be added year by year, and spending will be at the same level as industry.
The ratio of Ph.D. students to 8 per cent, Master's degree students to 47 per cent, undergraduate studies to find recognized institutions of higher learning and corporate collaboration in various fields of research and development, incubating the entire chain of innovation through autonomous R & D + external cooperation, and creating a distinctive “innovation biosphere”.
Capital, such as the Pharmaceutical Industries Fund, has been able to incubate key steps in the development of innovative medicines, such as research and development, mid-testing, clinical, industrialization, and so forth. Using capital advantages to build a fully industrial platform, the company invested about $8 billion in 2021.
Establishment of a pharmaceutical biopharmaceutical industry base; the main focus of the facility is on therapeutic antibodies, cell therapy, microecology, genetic therapy, with the aim of building a leading domestic biopharmaceutical industry that combines the three main functions of “new research and development centres, innovation incubators, medium-testing and industrialization platforms”
Working with top medical resources to break through the medical problem. The company's joint venture with Biocad will introduce three bio-like drugs, three innovative bio-pharmaceuticals in the field of oncology and immunization, and the joint venture will continue to introduce bio-pharmaceuticals in the future as the only platform for Biocad in the Greater China.
The company also set up a research centre in Santiago, United States, to negotiate a new generation of soluble cancer viruses and co-ordinated antibodies with existing anti-cancer products. The company joined forces with Qinghua University, Washington Hospital, to build the China-West National Centre for the Innovation of the Precision Medicine Industry.
The company develops a cts platform (combined clinical multi-chain supply chain and data services for new drugs) and expands on the basis of a platform based on the Healthy Medicines Up Clouds platform.
The medicine will provide advantages to the company in terms of tumors, metabolic diseases, cardiovascular diseases, and clinical trials.
In April 2022, the company spent $133.2 million. Shanghai Shandong, a fully-owned subsidiary of the company's shareholders in the sea, was launched.
Upon completion, Yunnan has become the second largest shareholder in the company, holding 18.01% of the shares, while Shanghai Medicine (Group) Limited has 19.39% of the shares.
Figure 4: Shanghai's medical equity structure map, which combines three aspects: the otc channel, the development of Chinese medicine, and the commercial channel. (1) Yunnan White drug, with a well-placed Chinese medicine sales team with end-covering coverage, has taken shape.
More mature branding and otc channel resources are available. With more than 100 otc products and nine Chinese medicine core brands under the corporate flag, the growth of the otc end product can be driven by the advantage of the Yoonnan white otc channel. (2) Further enrichment of the upstream Chinese drug resource reserve.
In Yunnan, where there are more than a dozen growing bases, the company’s Chinese business covers the entire industrial chain from planting, drinking tablets to medium-made medicine, and the company can create synergies in Chinese medicine resources. (3) The business is complementary. Yunnan’s commercial business is ranked second in Yunnan, with ownership.
The company can speed up the introduction of innovative medical devices, new retailing, commercial insurance services, etc., and further expand the scale of medical business in Yunnan.
Repayment of corporate debt, the remainder of which was used to replenish operating funds; the firm asset liability rate fell to 60.63 per cent after the targeted increase in distribution, according to the three-quarterly report for 2022. Improved liquidity, company mobility ratio.
The new development of the special medicine, together with the "Yunnan White" development of the drug's big health business, priority enterprises, nine widely recognized core brands, and a number of secret formulations such as the eight bodands, the six zodials and so on, is worth about 30 percent of industrial income.
Figure 6: The company owns a multi-billion-dollar variety of medicines. Figure 7: The company owns seven core Chinese pharmaceutical companies, the six-thin pill, the musk pine pill, and the eight-podden recipe for the country's secret medicine.
In 2021, evidence-based research was published into China's first Chinese medical clinical study focusing on cardiovascular events; the results showed a decrease in the incidence of cardiovascular deaths, non-lethal myocardial infarction and non-lethal pawns compared to the placebo group, musculines.
26.9 per cent and a significant reduction in the frequency of heart pain and heart disease, as well as in the symptoms of patients and their high safety; This clinical approach provides real data support for the efficacy of musk-collustrate therapy; the Chinese medicine industry has benefited from State policy and has grown steadily.
Since 2019, China has consistently issued policy documents to guide the development of the Chinese pharmaceutical industry, such as the State Department ' s publication of " About the Development of Chinese Medicines " , published in 2019.
(b) In 2021, the Circular on Certain Policy Measures to Accelerate the Development of the Characteristics of Chinese Medicines was issued, integrating the various sectors in order to put the Chinese medicine into practice.
According to the properties of Chinese medicine products, Chinese medicine can be divided into prescription drugs, otc medicines, and Chinese medicine health products. The Chinese prescription is due to the lack of uniform standards for Chinese medicine prescriptions, which vary from one doctor to another, so that Chinese prescriptions have been developing slowly for almost a decade.
Policy requirements such as “986”, “1+x”, which weaken the threshold for admission of Chinese-based medicines, in the 14th Plan for the Development of Chinese Medicines, which calls for the improvement of Chinese prices and health-care systems, policy support for the expansion of Chinese medicines in the national market, and the improvement of the regulatory mechanism for the registration of Chinese medicines, are also required.
The measures will speed up the introduction of Chinese generic medicines and the standardization of Chinese prescriptions, and will harmonize them at the national level. They will facilitate the widespread dissemination of Chinese prescriptions.
Non-standardized and difficult access to hospitals, the wide distribution of drugs in otc, the high acceptance rate of the population, and the moderate, easy to take and the high level of safety. According to Midnet, between 2013 and 2020, sales of medicines in real pharmacies reached 7.52%, or 7.52% in total.
China’s health-care products will also be an opportunity for development in the context of China’s ageing. According to data from the China Institute of Economics and Industry, the market size of the health-care sector continued to grow steadily in 2012-2021, from 143.5 billion yuan in 2012 to 328.9 billion yuan in 2021, of which traditional Chinese medicine is safe.
As China’s ageing trend increases, and people’s awareness of health and well-being increases, we believe that Chinese medicine and healthcare products will become more popular.
In addition to the more than 100 otc products being produced, the company has more than 600 otc reserves. In a context of growing success in the Chinese medicine market, the company works together to enrich the company's otc channels and upstream raw material resources through strategic stockholders through a large variety of drugs.
In terms of channel resources, Yunnan has well-developed access to otc throughout the country, with marketing networks covering 32 provinces, 64,000 single-body pharmacies and 400,000 clinics;
For companies, more than half of all Otc products are generated from Chinese drugs, including aerosols, Band-Aids, and toothpaste products.
The market channels for the variety have led to a new increase in sales and a further increase in the branding power of the product.
In terms of raw material resources, Yunnan has a great deal of breeding, cultivation and development experience in the field of Chinese medicine, as well as a wide range of Chinese medicine resources, which, after many years of practice and accumulation, are available in the Yunnan Province.
On this basis, the company can work more closely with Yunnan to achieve cost-effectiveness synergies in terms of prices, quality stability, and product collection rates. In addition, the collaboration will be coordinated.
To mitigate to some extent the high cost of volatile upstream raw material product prices due to extreme weather conditions, as well as the decline in production due to the unstable quality of the product, with a flat volume of 200 tons, which, according to the company ' s response, currently stands at 120 yuan/thousands.
With Yunnan White, the company can provide a stable product of 37 products, smooth cycle price fluctuations, calculated on the basis of the company’s demand for 3,700-800 tons over the next two years, for billions of dollars. The company has now achieved the full chain of Chinese medicine from cultivation, Chinese medicine to Chinese medicine.
The collaboration will also lead to a multi-dimensional increase in cultivation techniques, traceability systems, quality control systems, etc., and to the full establishment of a protected river of products in the context of the country ' s high standards of traceability of medicines and raw materials.
In terms of commercial resources, Yunnan has established mature client resources in Yunnan, and companies can use the Yunnan region's client resources to cooperate in the model of hospital spd (supply chain services in the hospital yard) to sell equipment, vaccines, etc. in Yunnan.
In the next three years, it is expected to generate about 1 billion new revenues in Yunnan, with gross profits hatching the whole chain of innovation drug project, focusing on biopharmaceutical development, and continuous additions to innovation, which are growing in abundance as candidate products enter the clinical landscape.
Autonomous R & D + External Cooperation (ADR + External Cooperation) has rapidly expanded the product pipeline. According to the semi-annual report 2022, a total of 34 innovative drugs have entered the clinical phase, six of which are in critical research or clinical iii; they cover seven main areas: cardiovascular, digestive metabolism, tumours, infections, nerves, self-responsiveness, and breathing.
Figure 12: R & D pipelines Chart 13: The stock of tubes is increasing, steadily moving to phase 3, 101 of which is a new generation of oral non-peptide little molecule renal inhibitors and high blood pressure is under way.
Clinical research on diabetes kidney disease, inflammated intestinal disease. (1) Three clinical sessions on hypertension have been completed with the first phase of testing and data clean-up, while the second phase has started 35 centres with hundreds of millions of people suffering from hypertension and morbidity continues to increase. (2) Diabetes kidney disease
According to the Global Diabetes Map 2021 released by the International Diabetes Alliance, China is the country with the largest number of diabetes cases among adults, with 140 million cases in 2021. Diabetes are common.
Complications: According to data from a kidney doctor at the Central West Hospital in Shanghai, the incidence of type 1 diabetes kidney disease is 40-50%, and type 2 diabetes patients are 20-30%. (3) Inflammation of intestinal inflammation is currently in its second phase in the United States, and China's Ind has been approved.
x 842 is a new generation of potassium ion competitive acid inhibitor (p-cab) oral drugs that, by competitively disrupting potassium ion activity in h-k-atp enzymes, inhibits the secretion of stomach acids, with the advantages of quick, severe and persistent acids, ineffectual individual differences, and low adverse effects.
In October 2021, it was introduced from the Guizhou BioTech Ltd., and the current Chinese clinical trial for anti-genocide pulmonary inflammation is progressing. According to the Chinese Medical Association, there are 165 million people in China who are suffering from stomach trachea, about 10% of whom are likely to move into the stomach.
In April 2020, bcd-100 (goods calledforteca) was approved in Russia.
Pre-listed for treatment of non-surgical removal or transferable melanoma. At present, bcd-100 treatments for cervical and non-small cell lung cancers in the country are in a three-stage clinical phase.
In addition, the company has three new types of drugs (Amcorre, Kalekon, Pefikán) on the market, based on pdb data, in 2021.
Ri sells 50 million dollars, Kelekon sells 140 million dollars, and Pefikon sells 117 million dollars.
There are about 350 million rare patients worldwide, and more than 20 million in China. The incidence of rare diseases is usually lower than 1/2000, owing to doctors’ awareness of rare diseases and clinical history.
Lack of testing, rare diseases are more difficult to diagnose, and drug research and development is relatively slow. There are about 7,000 rare diseases known around the world, but less than 5% of them have effective treatments and there are very large clinical unmet needs; China's First List of rare diseases includes 121 rare diseases.
According to the Boston consultation, the market for rare diseases is expected to reach between $60 billion and $90 billion by 2030. Policy support promotes the development of rare diseases.
The corresponding support policy; in 2019, the Circular on the Policy on Value Added Tax on Medicines for Unique Diseases, which provides tax benefits for rare drugs; and in the new version of the Administration of Medicines Register, which clearly states that innovative and improved medicines for rare diseases of obvious clinical value will be included in the priority consideration.
(b) On the clinical side, the National Drug Control Service may exempt, in part or in all cases, from domestic clinical trials for rare medicines listed outside the country that are partially eligible, and may submit data from external clinical tests for declaration and reduce the time spent in clinical development of new medicines.
The Shanghai Centre for Medicines and Technology Innovation is a fully-owned subsidiary of the company that is engaged in the development of improved new medicines and high-end generics.
Inhalation, saliva, slow release, complex formulations and raw material drugs have formed, with more than 100 new product development projects and more than 10% of improved new medicines. The expiry of the patent for heavy-pound research offers opportunities for the development of generics, especially high-end generics.
Technical barriers, competition patterns are much better than generic generic generic medicines.
Control is stronger, and complex preparations and raw materials platforms at the Shanghai Medical Technology Innovation Centre can be produced digitally and transformed into industry-wide supply chains covering service providers across the country, benefiting from industry expansion.
The company’s distribution business is the third largest, and the state’s pharmaceutical holdings and Chinese medicine are the first and the second largest.
This represents an increase of 13.7% over the same period. The national distribution network was rapidly completed through M&As. The revenue from corporate distribution operations increased fourfold over the decade, and the distribution network covered 31 provinces throughout the country.
In 2011, the company expanded its pharmaceutical distribution network in Guangdong, Chuhai, etc., and acquired all the capital in North China.
In 2013, the company ' s distribution business continued to expand and completed its work on Shandong.
In 2015, the company expanded its medical services in the north, central and western parts of China by buying companies from Beijing, Shaanxi, and Ordos.
Drug distribution network layout. In 2018, the company acquired Condela Malaysia, thereby owning all of Condela's physical operations in China, including 14 direct sales companies, 17 distribution centres and a distribution network covering 322 cities, the largest trade ever in the pharmaceutical industry.
In 2019, the company accelerated the construction of a distribution network in the Southwest region through an equity acquisition in Sichuan Kagia, and in 2020 acquired the third largest pharmaceutical mobile company in Nanjing, Yuzhmorgeology and Chemicals Ltd. in Jiangsu Province, covering two empty areas in Nanjing and Taizhou, which made Jiangsu Province fully covered.
The provincial platform networks in Yunnan, Shandong and Hunan have been expanded and consolidated throughout the country. Figure 17: Development of distribution operations: Shandong, Hubei, Shanghai, Hangzhou
The full-time acquisition of the Chinese pharmaceutical business completed the acquisition of the Siem Ree Group for Shandong Forest Pharmaceuticals Ltd.
Acquisition of Guangdong Central and South Pharmaceuticals Ltd., and change of name to M & A, approval of Shanghai Medicine Park, North Africa
"The Xinhai Medicines of the Upper Pharmacy Park have
The company has been set up in Xiangzhou, Xiangzhou, Xiaohai Kanto Medical Co. Ltd. and Xiang Yu to complete the Shanghai Medical Park.
The Department has set up a company in Wuhan to run the Hangzhou Pharmacy in Hong Kong.
The company has expanded to include Guangzhou as a Chinese company, and has been working on the North's resources, the Shanghai East Horn Pharmacy, the Shanghai East Horn Pharmacy, and the third.
The heart of the South China Pharmacy Distribution Network, the Great Court Pharmacy, etc., consolidates Shanghai medicine's leading position in the East China region and deepens its operations in the North.
Further enhancement of the layout, development and integration of the national distribution network into more than 10 subsidiary sales companies, expansion of market share of the sales version, strengthening of companies and hospital pharmacies
We're going to expand the Guangzhou-centric drug distribution network in South China, and we're going to work together to increase the dtp market, Yunnan, Heilongjiang, Jiangxi.
Sichuan, Anhui, Shanghai, Beijing, etc., have acquired Yunnan Medicine Limited, and have completed the purchase of "Condela Malaysia."
I'm the first doctor to take Nanjing's position, and I'm the first to buy An Qi Fatty as medicine and Sichuan.
Xuzhou medicine is being acquired by the pharmaceutical companies Xuzhou medicine.
Ka Ka Ka, Hyezhou City and Thai medicine, Shanghai Medicine Company Ltd., Shanghai Jiangsu Province
New Upper Pharmacy Park Noboru and Holt Medical Doctors, Pharmacy Holdings and Rivers, Upper Medicines and Medicines, Inc.
Xinhai Pharmaceuticals, Ltd., directly owns 14 direct areas in Hong Kong, Nanjing at Point, and Taizhou.
Sales companies, 17 distribution centres to further improve the territory of Jiangsu to form the state of Si-Naking-Su
The distribution network covers the provinces, strengthening networks such as Shanghai and Beijing, the same distribution network, and the consolidation of the Szejiang.
North-South business axes, full-scale expansion from 18 to 20 time-bound areas, deepening south-west and
The province of Jiangsu effectively covers the marketing network in the east of the country.
In 2018, after the company had completed its takeover of Malaysia, distribution grew by 20.06 per cent, regardless of the impact of the new crown in 2020, the growth rate of the company’s distribution portfolio has been more than 10 per cent.
The Māori rate is among the highest in the industry. In the first half of 2022, the distribution business and the company distribution network have covered 31 provinces, and in June 2022, the company ranked second in the National Wholesale and Retail Company Billion List, with the company's biggest pharmacy in China.
In July 2022, the seventh country picked up a Shanghai distribution quota, and the company took the top of the list of 28 varieties.
According to statistics from the Ministry of Commerce's Market Operation and Consumption Promotion Division, in 2021 there was an increase of 9.3 per cent in the year in which the country's drug-flow companies were operating, and an increase of 1982.3 billion yuan in the income of the top 100 pharmaceutical wholesalers.
9.1 per cent, with 4 100 billion-class leading business owners growing by 11.8 per cent in the same year, with one of four companies; the data show that the top 100 per cent of the income of the main business of the 2021 wholesale business accounted for the same period in the country's medicine, relying on “the health of the upper cloud”, to create an integrated, fully accessible system of specialized pharmacies.
On the Internet+, the pharmaceutical business platform is healthy, integrated online solutions and retail offline. The upper cloud health was established in 2015 to provide patients with professional, safe, easy prescriptions, purchase and comprehensive long-term health management services.
Brand series, which can provide full life-cycle coverage for new special medicines in retail, clinical, supply chains, etc.
Medicines and patient management services; through M&As, the company integrated the network of specialized pharmacies in the specialized pharmacies in Candler and Pepsi Pharmacies in order to unify the country's yard shop within the corporate system of “profit drugs”. According to the company's announcement, the “profit pharmacy” has become the first drug to enter China.
In 2021, nearly 50 new innovative medicines were first distributed and the country was first singled out, accounting for 80% of the list of new special medicines that were placed on the market in that year. At the operational level, there are two main lines of business: b2c and b2b.
Patient-oriented, via the Internet hospital platform, to take over hospital prescriptions; the company ' s own electronic prescription system has been put in place, with more than 300 medical institutions at all levels being connected.b2b operations are directed to pharmaceutical companies, and for front-end operations such as patient data collection, registration of new medicines, etc.
(a) To provide customized services for strategic synergy. Figure 25: Electronic prescription platforms for a combination of prescriptions, medicines, patient data;
The Internet + Medicine + Risk model explores how magnesium health can provide payment solutions that generate funds, payments, and service closures. In 2017, the health of the drug cloud was used as a strategic shareholder to incubate the health of magnesium.
The group became a strategic shareholder in the company. The magnesium health system was used as a platform for connecting patients, medicines, insurance, medical care and insurance, and patients could pay for drugs and treatments more easily and at a lower cost; and the “health-for-work” platform was created to increase patients' access to anti-cancer drugs, rare pathologies.
Sexuality, in addition to the introduction of innovative payment methods such as drug benefits, medicine instalments, patient-centred confluence at the end of payment, similar to pharmacybenefitmanage, magnesium health implementation, patient welfare management model, patient-centred, conglomerate
Pbm is a model for the professional management of prescription drugs by third parties, through commercial cooperation.
According to the China Health Policy Study, the pbm model is prevalent in the United States, managing about 70% of the prescriptions in the United States, and its main mode of operation is a drug company that negotiates with pbm to get medicines into the prescription set at a greater discount.
Retail pharmacies negotiate sales prices with pbms, where patients charge a certain service fee3 to buy drugs directly at retail pharmacies or pay pbm for management costs through insurance, some of which can be distributed directly to the home 4pbm in cooperation with the insurance company, and the patient collects them when he buys the insurance.
We have a smaller share of commercial health insurance than total health-care spending, and have greater potential for development. According to data from Robenberg, China ' s share of commercial health insurance in the insurance market was 18% in 2020; in the United States, this figure is as high as 79%.
It is an innovative drug that does not have access to health care, and which, with commercial insurance, reduces the burden on patients to pay. We believe that the future market for commercial health insurance is a trend in population ageing; 2 policies promote industry standardization and standardization; 3 national economic levels rise; 4 algorithms based on large data empower
There will be rapid growth in the form of insurance products. Figure 29: United States health insurance coverage at 79% (200), Figure 28: China ' s health insurance coverage at only 18% (200),
In the first half of 2022, there were more than 1 million clients in magnesium health claims and services, with cumulative savings of more than $400 million. 100 million new insurance policies were created in 2021, 46 subsidized and about 60 million service policies;
In the first half of 2022, HNS has accumulated coverage of more than 90 cities across the country, China's largest imported vaccine agent, upstream research and development and production of vaccines, strategic layout of vaccine plates, research and development, production, and distribution. Companies are China's largest import epidemic.
Seed agent, based on the new crown vaccine license, the company's vaccine layout has been extended from its original master-generation operations to upstream production, R & D and downstream terminal replication.
Vaccine production, vaccine development, vaccine distribution.
I'm going to import the vaccine into Wisk with Consino.
It's a drug. Consino Wisk.
Boissan has "super-covering vaccine plants."
It's for an innovation, a vaccine product, a crown vaccine.
Kewessa built a vaccine super factory six months ago to secure the supply of the new crown vaccine. The company, in collaboration with Concino, invested about 1.5 billion dollars to complete 200 million doses of annual production capacity in half a year, from primary fluids to agent integration.
The new crown vaccine plant requested by gmp was licensed to produce the first new crown vaccine in Shanghai by the end of 2021. In January 2022, the new crown vaccine was officially produced on the drug Concino; in August, the only additional request for registration was obtained for the primary liquid line 1 and the formulation line 1, the only one from the original liquid to the formulation.
The company currently has 4 agents for imported vaccines, 13-priced pneumonia vaccine in Pfizer, and 2-price hpv in gsk.
Cervical cancer vaccine, gsk recombinant herpe vaccine, and gsk hepatitis B vaccine. In 2021, the incoming vaccine generated 4.3 billion yuan in sales and 1.9 billion yuan in sales in the first half of 2022; as a result of the effects of epidemic control, sales have declined from previous years. We believe that the proxy vaccine category is not.
The company’s business can be divided into two main segments: business and industry, where the company focuses on innovative medicines, rare diseases, chemicals, and Chinese medicine.
More than 44 billion varieties have been made available, and new medicines will be approved. In the first half of 2022, despite the impact of the epidemic on industrial production, many industries under the corporate umbrella have managed to maintain uninterrupted production despite difficulties, and we believe that the second half of the year will be better.
In turn, taking into account the rate of growth of companies in the industrial sector during non-epidemiological periods in previous years and during the epidemic, imitation pharmaceuticals will have a higher Māori rate, leading to an increase in the overall Māori rate in the future; due to pharmaceutical commerce: distribution plates, companies have formed a nationwide distribution network and are Chinese doctors.
One of the leading drug businesses, the distribution network, has already covered 31 provinces across the country, with distribution revenues growing more than fourfold over a decade. We believe that the company is strong and future growth trends are certain, but given the impact of the epidemic on logistics distribution in the first half of 2022, let's assume
More than 2,000 under-line retail pharmacies, but under-line dispensaries will have a much smaller flow of customers under the control of the epidemic, and given the fact that the epidemic was still spreading in 2022, we think that retail plates have increased interest rates, and we think that, with the outflow of prescriptions, there will be an increase in the number of prescriptions sku.
But high-end drugs at the retail end are lower than generic otc drugs, so we think the future is the cost side: considering the company's spending at the cost end in recent years, we don't think there's a big deal at the tariff end.
Swiss medicine is a comparable company; the profits of the commercial sector are 9.6 per cent for the industrial sector and 2.1 per cent for the industrial sector of Kyushu, Huayun medicine, and the national drug holdings, respectively, are calculated to be comparable to the average value of the company 2023pe, which we believe is already in the industrial and commercial fields.
In China, there is a more stable market position for drugs with high R & D barriers, such as vaccines and innovative medicines, which are at risk of short-term effects of the epidemic on their performance, and therefore are using commercial and industrial divisions to value the failure of R & D. Companies continue to invest more in R & D, with R & D costs accounting for industrial revenues.
The rate of entry increases from year to year; companies are developing improved and innovative products on chemicals, Chinese medicines, and rare diseases. Of these, more than 50 new lines have been introduced in innovative drug lines, 6 are in key research or three clinical stages, but the innovation research and development project has a long cycle, a large input, and a follow-up declaration.
There is uncertainty about the pace, and there is a risk that research and development will progress or clinical results will fall short of expectations.
Board seats, Yunnan, will be deeply involved in the governance and operation of the company. If there is no better synergy and there is a risk that strategic cooperation will fall short of expectations.