Sino-Chinese steel is reported in depth (000708), energy steel starts a new game, and "two tall and one high" is re-energized.
On August 31, 2023, complex production lines are flexible and weak cyclical properties are evident. Cinte Steel is the world’s leading specialized special steel manufacturing company, with six product groups and deep-processed product systems.
The company insists on market demand-oriented and rapidly changing according to demand.
The company 2023h1 managed to sell 9.42 million tonnes (including Tianjin steel tubes), making history Research assistant: Xu Jianxian.
Two High Ones continued to work and key technology breakthroughs. In the first half of 2023, companies accelerated breakthroughs in key technologies and continued to develop the "two High Ones" project, the "Three News" development, xuzhengkun@dgzq.com.cn
In the first half of the year, the sales of the company's “two tall and one tall” products grew by 4% on a year-on-year basis, with super-intensity steel growing by 14.4% on a year-on-year basis, while focusing on the development of more than 80 “small giants” and “Tianjin steel tubes” with optimal product structure upgrades. In January 2023, the company succeeded in achieving an improvement in product structure.
Tianjin Steel Control Holdings enabled the company to produce 5 million tons of special seamless steel tubes, making it the largest specialized seamless steel pipe production company in the world, laying a solid foundation for the company’s high-end seamless steel pipe development. During the first half of 2023, Tianjin steel pipes continued to optimize their variety structure and production and sales grew steadily.
Roe (ttm) benefits improved significantly, with product Māori rate increasing by 8 percentage points in the same year and capacity utilization increasing by 5 percentage points in December
Aiming for energy steel opportunities and leading the industry to develop robustly. The firm is determined to develop energy steel, which continues to grow in such energy sectors as wind power and photovoltaics, and is actively preparing hydrogen for steel, overcoming the fall in demand for steel in the automobile and bearing industries, where the company sold 3.5 million tons of steel in the first half of the year.
With the gradual construction of our new “double-cycle” development landscape, areas such as clean energy will accelerate, with the prospect of sustained domestic demand for energy steel, with companies seizing opportunities for energy steel and leading to the upgrading of the country's special steel sector variety structure.
In the future, with a rich mix of product lines and over-hard technology, Sino-Sinte steel will continue to optimize the industrial landscape, make use of six large plate varieties, invest in science, technology and innovation, step up national production replacement, lead industry green and create the world's most competitive steel industry.
Competition risks: policy risks: export risks from foreign trade. 1. The world's leading specialized, special steel manufacturing firm, Sino-Thaifurt Steel Group, Inc., is the China-China-Customs-controlled, global-leading, specialized, special steel.
Under the group's banner, there are Gang Yin and Shaping Steel, Big Metallurgical Steel, Qingjiang Te Steel, and Tianjiang Steel, and Tianjin Steel Pipe "Five Special Steel Base", Copper Mall Taefu Special Materials Ltd., Young State Tefu Special Materials Limited, and two major raw materials supply bases, as well as Tefute Steel hangar (Jinnan) Ltd., Zhejiang Tefu seamless steel.
Pipeline Ltd., “two extended processing bases.” The company is our specialty steel industry leader, market leader, and industry standard-setter, and is the head of the Chinese Iron and Steel Industry Association and the head of the Chinese Special Steel Enterprise Association. The history of Sinot steel dates back to the Hanmelon Coal Factory Minerals Company Ltd., created by Governor Zhang’s Cave at Chiangbakung Lake.
In April 1993, with the approval of the Hubei Departmental Rehabilitation Commission, the main part of its production and operation, mainly of the Great Metallurgical Steel Factory, was launched jointly with the East Wind Automobile Company and the Xiangyang Axis Carrier to establish the Great Metallurgical Special Steel Corporation (SGS) in a targeted manner. In 1997, SNSL was listed as a stock-deeper. In 2004, Sino-Tayfu acquired the Metallurgical Steel to establish the Lake North New Metallurgical Corporation.
Steel Ltd., and, through Hubei New Metallurgical Steel Holding Special Steel Inc., 100-year Metallurgical Steel became a member of the Sino-China Group. In 2019, with the major asset restructuring programme for the purchase of 86.5% of the Gang-Cin-Sing Steel, the Sino-Sin-China special steel plate was brought to the market as a whole, and the large smelt steel was officially renamed Sino-Sint steel.
Figure 1: Corporate development history. The company is a subsidiary of Sino-Sin, Inc., and its controlling shareholders are Sino-Thai Fute Steel Investment Limited. As of mid-2023, the shareholding ratio was 75.05%.
In mid-2023, the Ministry of Government reported a shareholding rate of 43.86%. Sino-Sinter steel is the world’s leading specialized special steel manufacturing company with the capacity to produce more than 20 million tons of special steel material per year.
The five specialized special steel production bases for Sio Jinjiang and Tianjin steel tubes, the two raw materials production bases for Anhui bronze maze, Jiang Suyan, the two industrial extension bases for Shandong Taifu and Zhejiang steel tubes form the strategic layout of the coastal chain along the river.
The technology and equipment of the company is world-class and includes alloyed steel bars, special medium-sized plate, special seamless steel tubes, special smelting, alloy steel wires, a group of six large products of alloy steel, and a series of deep-processed products such as modulating materials, silver light materials, car parts, etc., with complete variety specifications, excellent quality and a clear market competitive advantage.
For more than a decade, the company has produced a world leader in the sale of axle steel, leading the domestic market with steel for high-end cars, steel for engineering machinery, wind and electric steel, oceanic berth steel, mineral chain steel, high-end large circle and bad materials, and fully meeting national priorities in the development of automobiles, energy, construction, shipworks, engineering machinery, aerospace, etc.
Market demand, best sales across the country, and more than 60 countries and territories, including the United States, Japan, and the European Union, and South-East Asia. In 2022, the company ' s steel industry produced 1,6128,000 tons of steel products, with sales of 1.5782 million tons; the group product tons.
There has been a decline in stocks, mainly in the form of an increase in the capacity of the company to produce coke, and in the supply of domestic raw materials, the firm has increased its external sales to a certain degree.In the first half of 2023, the company was able to make steady progress in its production, reaching 9,421 million tons of steel, the largest in a single month.
High sales amounted to 1.74 million tons, a record high. Corporate sales of steel increased by 22.72% on the same year, with exports increasing by the same amount.
During the third quarter, the level of profitability continued to collapse, and in the fourth quarter, the steel industry became more resilient to the new market environment, as a result of extreme weather events, such as the spread of the epidemic and high-temperature droughts and heavy rains.
In 2022, the company took full advantage of the synergies and complex production lines, adjusted its variety structure in a timely manner, and won over the industry in the face of a sharp decline in overall profits in the steel sector. The company took advantage of its six main varieties of advantages.
The volume of sales in the higher energy sector and exports of related products responded to the pressure of declining downstream demand, with companies selling 15.18 million tons of steel in 2022, an increase of 4.43 per cent in the same year, including exports of 1.59 million tons, an increase of 20.83 per cent in the same year, the impact of export operations and a decline in product prices, which resulted in a shrinking of profit margins. In addition, net cash flows generated by corporate operations in the first half of the year
At $4,986 million, an increase of 58.97 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the current period's pressure on receivables and inventory, and to the harsh market situation in the first half of the year, the company insisted on market demand-driven and rapid changes in market demand.
In terms of revenue structure, in the first half of 2023, the company's main revenue came from the sale of alloy steel bars, special seamless steel tubes, alloy steel wires and special steel plates. Alloy steel bars, which account for 40.95% of alloy steel bars, are the company's main, with 5 million tons of specialized seamless steel pipe production, becoming the world's largest specialized, seamless steel pipe producer, Tianjin.
The amalgamation of steel tubes into the company's chart has led to a rapid increase in the company's special seamless steel line business, from 10.73 per cent in 2022 to 23.67 per cent, thus reducing the other product collection ratio relatively; the special steel plate is the company's “two-high-one-cent-high” Maori component, and the alloy steel bar business contributes the company's main gross profit over the years, with 2023h1 alloy steel bar business.
The Māori rate was 15.65 per cent, contributing 47.04 per cent; special challenges were posed by the company ' s 2023 display of Tianjin steel tubes, and the low price of steel since March, as demand in areas such as downstream real estate, automobiles, etc. was not restored as expected, squeezed corporate profit spaces.
2. Key raw materials for the development of the special steel-high end manufacturing industry 2.1 Introduction to the steel industry 2.1.1 Special steel presentation and production processes
Special steel, also known as special steel or special steel, means steel products with special properties, chemical properties or special uses due to their composition, structure, production processes, which play a key role in major equipment manufacturing, major engineering construction and strategic emerging industries such as automobiles, nuclear power, military engineering, high-speed railways and aerospace, and which are national high-end manufacturing industries.
Special steel has incorporated more alloy elements into the smelting process and has adopted special production and processing processes that give special steel a better performance, composition, and organizational structure than ordinary steel. Special steel can be widely used in cars, machinery, chemicals, etc.
Areas where steel quality requirements are high, such as ships, railways, aerospace, and defence force workers. As new energy sources and materials continue to develop, applications of special steel will expand and future demand is expected to increase rapidly.
The industrial chain of the special steel industry consists of raw materials such as iron ore, alloys and scrap steel recycling; production and manufacture of structural steel, tool steel and other special value-added steel such as high-temperature alloys; downstream applications covering major industrial manufacturing areas such as automobiles, engineering machinery and aerospace.
The special steel production process is similar to the general steel industry and consists of three main types, namely, electric furnace (short-flow) processes, conversion (long-flow) production and special metallurgy. However, the composition of the special steel material is complex.
Multivariate, high technology requirements for preparation processes, product diversity, different varieties of different species, depending on their composition and process requirements, lead to wide differences in performance, which in turn differentiate in product applications. At the same time, differences in production processes lead to low entry thresholds in terms of finance, technology, etc.
2.1.2 In the first half of 2023, when the economic recovery was expected to improve, the industry was better off at the beginning of the year, with steel plants starting and downstream orders rising. However, as downstream demand recovered, steel prices fell.
According to the National Statistical Office, in the first half of 2023, the black metal smelting and pressurizing industry recorded a decline of 9.6 per cent in business income and a decline of 97.6 per cent in total profits in the second quarter.
2.2 Crude steel production tends to decline, and demand for special steel has steadily increased by 2.2.1 TT steel industry supply side, also known as steel, which is iron-containing raw materials, such as raw iron or scrap steel, purified by smelting equipment such as furnaces or electric arc furnaces,
In 2022, the World Iron and Steel Association released data showing that the global production of crude steel in 64 countries included in the World Iron and Steel Association statistics was 1,832 million tons, a decline of 4.3 per cent compared with the corresponding decline of 4.3 per cent in the steel industry in China.
With a view to improving supply and demand patterns in the steel sector and changing the development approach of “developing by volume” the country has been implementing a policy of reduction in crude steel production since 2021 to ensure a balance between supply and demand in the steel sector. Since 2021, the country's crude steel production has been declining year by year.
This reduction, from 1,065 million tons in 2020 to 1,018 million tons in 2022. In 2023, the rough steel production control policy was changed to a level control system that will be dynamically adjusted and controlled in the future. In January-July 2023, the country produced 627 million tons of rough steel, up from 609 million tons last year.
In order to ensure stable supply and demand patterns in the steel sector, rough steel production has been reduced, supply of rough steel may continue to be limited, and flat policy has been based on either year-round production or the same level as in 2022. Since the cumulative production of rough steel in January-July of this year was higher than last year’s 018 million tons, it is expected that the supply of rough steel will be reduced in the remaining months of 2023.
With regard to the production of special steel, in 2022 China produced 130.5096 million tons of special steel, 1,013 million tons of crude steel, tons of tons of steel, or just 10.01 per cent of the total, and in the first half of 2023, China imported 136,900 tons of special steel, mainly in aerospace, advanced orbital traffic, and in the first half of 2023, China imported 36.9 million tons of special steel.
Marine engineering and high-tech ships, electrical equipment, cars, energy petrochemicals, high-end machines, information technology, etc. Our export of steel in the first half of the year was 41.18 million tons. Overall, Chinese production of steel has remained at 13% of crude steel in recent years, while Japan, Germany, the United States
The share of steel in China exceeds that of China, with Japan maintaining its share of steel at around 23%, about 10 percentage points higher. As a result, China’s production capacity and technology in the special steel industry still have much room for improvement, accelerating the transition of steel to the special steel sector, and raising the share of steel supply to the industry’s development priorities.
In view of the rising demand for special steel, our production of special steel is expected to increase gradually in the future as a proportion of rough steel. 2.2.2 In terms of downstream applications, according to the China Association of Special Steel Enterprises, in the current area of special steel demand in the country, steam is expected to increase.
The car industry accounted for the highest share, about 40 per cent, and the growth of the automobile industry was also the main driver of domestic steel consumption. Second, industrial manufacturing accounted for about 20 per cent, electricity for 6 per cent, petrochemicals for 5 per cent, and others for 28 per cent. In 2022, the fall in the demand for steel for automobile steel and engineering machinery led to a reduction in Chinese steel production, with a global output of about 20 per cent.
With 131 million tons, or 4.38 per cent less in the same year, the manufacturing sector, led by our policy of accelerating the construction of powerful countries, will remain booming, with a higher degree of certainty in the long-term demand for cars, machinery, axle bearings, etc., which is expected to be sustained.
In addition, China's energy system is moving towards clean energy, and demand for wind, light, water and even hydrogen is expected to rise considerably. As the market environment for the special steel industry continues to optimize, the supply structure of the special steel industry is a vital infrastructure for the national economy, an important pillar for building modern powers and a green one.
Under the direction of “de-productivity, structural adjustment” in the steel industry, traditional energy-intensive generic steel production continues to decline, and is expected to grow faster as special, relatively green, low-carbon, high-quality steel. Most automobiles use special steel, with steel applications of about 70% in automobiles, and in gas.
According to Mystel, car steel is used mainly for plate sizes, especially for cold-rolling varieties, and the proportion of total roll-roll production is almost 20% for steel. According to the Sino-Tefort steel network, car steel is used for gear steel, bearing steel, etc.
Spring steel (with flat steel), alloy steel, unmodified steel, heat-resistant steel, cutting steel, etc. are widely used in various parts of the automobile. According to the China Automotive Industry Association, in July 2023, the country sold 2.41 million cars, respectively.
And 2,387,000 vehicles, with a decline of 6.2 per cent and 9 per cent, respectively, and a decline of 2.2 per cent and 1.4 per cent, respectively, in the same year-to-July, and a fall in the vehicle production month. Since July was a low season for traditional car sales, adding up the high base for the same period last year, the overall vehicle market table reached 80.5 million and 780,000 new energy cars, respectively, and the ring ratio was +2.68 per cent and 3.23 per cent, respectively, in July.
Tens of thousands, or 40.46 per cent and 42.12 per cent, respectively, of the same year. Figure 22: China ' s new energy vehicle sales (millions), although new energy vehicles have changed the construction of traditional motors, their bodies and chassis still need to be used in large quantities.
We believe that, in the context of price reduction promotions and the proliferation of high-quality new models for cars, the automobile industry's supply and demand structure tends to be reasonable and is expected to stimulate car consumption from the supply side. In general, the car consumption market is recovering against the background of current policy support and lower prices for major car manufacturers.
Looking ahead, national ministries have repeatedly stressed the need to encourage the consumption of bulk goods, such as automobiles, and to increase domestic demand for consumption. Governments have continued to introduce vehicle subsidies, increase the activities of new-energy cars, and financial institutions have stepped up their financial operations, increasing the benefits of subsidies and promoting rapid growth in their lending operations.
Mechanical steel is used in a variety of mechanical, machine-bed, etc., mainly on panels, models, hot-rolling sheets, cold-rolling plates, seamless steel pipes, etc. In 2022, the cumulative rate of completion of our manufacturing investment fell month after month, but all of it.
In July 2023, China ' s official manufacturing industry, pmi, was 49.3 per cent, with a 0.3 percentage point rise in the ring; and in June, the high-technology manufacturing industry, pmi, was 51.20 per cent, with a 0.70 percentage point increase in the ring, indicating that the demand for specialized steel used in high-technology manufacturing was better than the demand for ordinary steel.
Looking to the future, we believe that the growth in manufacturing investment is expected to continue at a positive rate, under the “stable growth” and under the policy of the manufacturing powers, with high-tech manufacturing expected to maintain a higher profile. Specifically, the demand for steel for conventional industrial machinery has increased or continues to slow, and the demand for high-tech firms with a steel production capacity is expected to grow faster, pulling in.
2.3 Future outlook - the transition route from the big to the strong steel countries with the power of 2.3.1 special steel demand increases
The down-stream applications of the super-steel have evolved from the early defence forces, aerospace to highly sophisticated manufacturing, and are now widely used in the automotive industry, energy, and engineering machinery. Specifically, the increase in the consumption of cars is powered by the strong push of the national consumption-stimulation policy; the engineering and machinery sector is expected to return to its special steel demand as the manufacturing sector recovers.
With regard to energy, the country is accelerating the development of relevant technologies in the field of storage energy, protecting the development of renewable energy sources such as photovoltaics, wind power, hydropower, etc., and increasing demand for steel for energy in the future or rapidly. January-May 2023, due to the slow recovery of the global economy, added to the effects of low domestic and foreign manufacturing demand.
China’s special steel production is only 4,452.38 million tons, a decrease of 18.45 per cent over the same period last year, and its crude steel production of 4,442.93 million tons, or tons, a decline of 9.18 per cent over the same period, and its production of 43.8 million tons, or 21.87 per cent. As can be seen, there is still much room for improvement in the supply structure of our steel.
The current international environment is still complex and the recovery of the domestic economy is still a challenge, with total steel production expected to be lower this year than in previous years. It is also important to note that, in July, the country maintained steady growth in production demand, industrial upgrading steadily advanced, the economy of the country continued to recover, the economy generally remained positive, and the demand for steel was expected to grow in the long term, with a projected 2024.
With the gradual recovery, and against the background of the depressed production of rough steel, our special steel ratio will be steadily rising, and exports to developed countries will be gradually increasing, with manufacturing in countries such as Europe and the United States continuing to be depressed, and manufacturing in the United States and the euro zone pmi will continue to decline in August. Our special steel exports are expected to be lower this year than in previous years.
On the import side, China’s specialty steel industry’s national production substitution process is accelerating, with overall imports increasing or decreasing in the future. Rapid growth in high-end manufacturing will boost the country’s production of steel, which is expected to rise against the background of our reduced production of steel; moreover, as national production is accelerating, imports are slowing down.
China’s exports of special steel are expected to increase as the global economy recovers, and overall steel consumption as a proportion of production. The manufacturing capacity of special steel is an important indicator of the level of development of high-end manufacturing, and it is more profitable than steel.
As steel is a large carbon emitter, the country has banned new steel production, optimizing the structure of the industry, and promoting the upgrading of the steel industry to the special steel industry is the only way forward. At this point, the upgrading of manufacturing and the acceleration of high-end manufacturing have triggered market demand for high-end steel products.
The high-end equipment manufacturing, automobiles, green energy, defense aerospace, etc., are expected to continue to grow, and the quality of the supply of the special steel industry will continue to improve. Although we have advanced, there is still room for increasing per capita consumption of the special steel from the level of the developed world, for example, stainless steel in the special steel, which in 2022 was estimated to be 19.17 thousand.
gram, about 0.6 kg less per capita than developed countries such as the United States and Japan, but a large gap between per capita consumption in Italy (approximately 35 kg) and Korea (approximately 25 kg) is still in place.
Specifically, the upgrading of the structure of the special steel industry includes three pathways: 1) development of new high-end key steel materials; 2) introduction of cleaner production in the steel industry; 3) accelerated pace of national production substitution; and development of new high-end key steel materials.
On 7 February 2022, the Ministry of Industry and Communications, the CDRC and the Ministry of the Environment issued a joint guidance on the promotion of high-quality steel industry development, in which it was suggested that the quality of steel supply should be significantly improved and that steel enterprises should be supported in targeting downstream industries and strategic emerging industries should be directed towards upgrading and developing special high-quality steel, special alloy steel for high-end equipment, and that the development of the steel industry should be strengthened.
The core basic parts will lead to technological upgrading and development in the special steel industry in small quantities and varieties of key steel, such as steel. They will try to break through about five key new steel materials each year to better meet market demand.
Deep, the steady growth of manufacturing and the rapid growth of high-end manufacturing have stimulated market demand for high-end steel products, and the development of new high-end key steel materials has become one of the important instruments for the sustained development of the steel industry.
It was also mentioned that there is a need to further advance the steel industry’s green low-carbon approach. In order to implement the carbon peak programme for the steel sector, to promote carbon reduction co-ordinated management, the special steel sector should support the development of a hydrometallurgical action programme, accelerate the development of low-carbon smelting technology applications, support enterprises to increase the proportion of green energy use and fully promote the transformation of the steel sector’s ultra-low emissions.
The development of iron and steel-building, electricity, chemicals, and colored industries should also be actively promoted, leading to the upgrading of steel in various areas of the steel chain. The development of green and clean energy sources and the reduction of carbon emissions from steel smelting are the constant purpose of the industry, and therefore accelerated.
The need to optimize the energy structure and processes of the industry, upgrade green steel production, promote low-end-product energy replacement and upgrading, and reduce carbon emissions in the entire steel production process is an urgent need for high-quality development in the super-steel sector. As green growth becomes more popular, the demand for steel for clean energy systems is expected to increase.
Later on, it is expected that wind power (land plus sea), oil and gas steel, nuclear power, hydrogen energy steel, etc., will continue to maintain a faster pace of substitution than national production, and that there are problems of “crack necks” in the segmentation of some of our special steel, thus accelerating national production substitution in priority areas.
In keeping with the idea of the development of steel enterprises from the lower to the upper end, from the ordinary to the special, and by adjusting the product structure to the higher-value-added, higher-profit industries, the firms concerned can take full advantage of their strengths, build up into the vanguards of the segmented fields, and work on the closing of parts of the “cricket” material, thus providing high-quality Chinese steel industry.
The high-quality development of the special steel industry is an important guarantee of the country's determination to build up manufacturing powers and upgrade its industries, to enhance its capacity for innovative development, to upgrade technology related to the products of the special steel industry, to develop high-quality steel in priority areas and to accelerate national production substitution in the corresponding areas, and to address some of the problems of “cricket” materials and technology.
On the whole, with the gradual construction of our green double carbon development pattern and demand from high-end manufacturing industries, the steel industry is moving towards the middle and upper end of the industrial chain and the value chain, pulling China’s special steel demand, and promoting the upgrading of the variety structure of the special steel industry.
2.3.3 Promotion of business merger restructuring, deepening of intra- and business integration in the special steel industry, where there is still an oversupply of low-end products in the country, insufficient production of high-end products, inadequate supply of high-end steel products to meet the needs of the country ' s high-end manufacturing industries, and the structure and market of our special steel industry
There is still much room for optimization and upgrading. Therefore, there is a need to continuously promote the integration of the assets and technology of the special steel industry, which is characterized by the coexistence of State-owned specialized steel enterprises, mixed-owned special steel enterprises, local-special steel enterprises, and special steel enterprises belonging to large steel groups.
There are other specialized enterprises. Large groups of firms include Cinte Steel, BMW Steel, Sand Steel Northeast Steel, etc., and specialized companies have built up all the special steel varieties and products. According to intelligence data, in 2021, China ' s special steel industry was unique, but the whole industry was concentrated.
At a lower level, the market share of Sino-Turkish steel is 17.51%, the highest in the industry. Our special steel enterprises are in the world’s advanced technological and competitive position, but their concentration is lower than in the developed world, their presence is higher among small and medium-sized enterprises, their production is relatively small, and their quality, performance and stability are relatively low.
Figure 26: Market competition patterns in China's special steel sector in 2021, therefore, the State encourages the promotion of merger restructuring of enterprises and encourages the restructuring of steel enterprises across regions and ownership, changing the “small fragmentation” of the steel industry in some parts of the country and enhancing the internal dynamics of enterprise development.
At this point, the consolidation of assets and operations within the special steel plate is accelerating, the vertical promotion of the industrial chain by the BMW group optimizes the allocation of resources downstream, horizontal integration integrates similar operations, assets, enhanced niches in the area of segmentation, sand and steel, the full integration of the Northeast steel group into the light steel, the East Special Shares, the Shunte Steel, and the four steel companies Anyang Yongxing.
To upgrade core competitiveness; to sign strategic cooperation agreements between Sino-Sinte Steel and the Sino-Styren Group, both of which are upstream and downstream enterprises in the industrial chain; to increase strategic synergies in the supply of raw materials, industrial extension, etc., to facilitate the transition and upgrading of both sides to higher-end industries. In addition, private-sector special steel enterprises, such as Sino-Sinte and Chuliti, have grown rapidly in recent years, and some are small and medium-sized.
Special-scale steel and alloy materials manufacturing firms are growing rapidly with specialized advantages. “two highs and one sizes” are re-emerged, the energy supply of steel is new, 3.1 special steel varieties are rich, and composite lines are flexible.
The company ' s products include alloy steel bars, special medium-heavy plates, special seamless steel tubes, special smelting, alloy steel wires, the six main product groups of alloy steel, and a series of deep-processed products such as refined materials, silver light materials, automobile parts, etc. that meet the market needs of the priority sectors of energy, transport, engineering machinery, aerospace, etc.
According to the semi-annual report, 2023, the company ' s products are widely used in automobiles, machinery, energy, bearings, high-end specials, among which the largest share is in energy, automobiles, machinery, 35%, 27%, and 20%, respectively. Through a comprehensive downstream layout, companies can take full advantage of the synergies and synergies between the plates when market conditions change.
Flexibility of complex production lines, timely adjustment of variety structure to changes in downstream industry demand. Figure 27: Medium 2022 Sint steel product application classification, Figure 28: 2023h1 Sint steel application classification
By actively mobilizing six major industries, companies can better cope with market risks, completing a full year of sales of 1518 and supply chain adjustment opportunities in 2022, precision marketing, and foreign trade sales out of 1.5 million tons, a year-on-year increase of 20.83%, and a ton of steel hair, a record high. At the same time, companies are actively overcoming the fall in demand for steel in the first and second-brand automobile markets.
Adverse effects, in line with the fast-changing thinking of market change, have increased market development for third-brand energy steel, which has sold over 4 million tons, an increase of 36.8 per cent over the same period. Corporate alloy steel rods include multiple varieties of bearing steel, gear steel, spring steel, alloy structure steel, and so on.
For cars, engineering machinery, internal combustion mechanisms, electric motors, machines, tractors, steel rollers, boilers, etc. The company owns the largest segment of the country’s alloy steel circle casting machines, and the world’s most sophisticated and controlled cold-cooling, high-sized and precise-control (kocks) alloy rod production lines.
The company ' s plate-plating project to meet high-tech low alloy high-intensity structural panels, pipe-line steel, bridges, high-building structural panels, pressure container panels, boiler panels, ship-building panels and oil-mining platforms for product positioning, with 3,500 mm rollers, 4,300 mm wide-plate rollers, 2 production lines with steel plate heat treatment fires,
Fire-fighting, fire-backing equipment, 2.85 million tons of steel plates produced annually. 800,000 tons of paperless steel tubes are produced annually in the company. Products are widely used in the fields of aerospace, mechanical construction, automobile manufacturing, rail transport, petrochemicals and high-pressure boilers, resulting in high-precision machines.
Industrial tubes, high-strategy steel tubes, high alloy oil tubes, high-plate boiler tubes, high-life grinding tubes, high-quality marketing tubes are dominated by industry/species strategic clusters.The company ' s special smelting base has more than 20 sets of various slag furnaces, vacuum sensors, vacuum self-consumption furnaces
Special metallurgical equipment, such as 20mn fast exercise machines, 45mn fast exercise machines, 16mn track exercise machines, 2.5m and 5.0m loop machines, and 120,000 tons of congener products such as steel, ultra-high-strength steel, foliage steel, step axes, large modules, core rods, rings, high-temperature alloys, etc.
The company produces alloy steel wires with the characteristics of even chemical composition, low bias, high purity, stable organizational performance, and high size accuracy. The products are mainly used in the manufacture of cutting wires, tires, midday wires, bearing steel, alloy steel wires.
The ball, roller and needles, car gas doors and springs, standard pieces and bridge cables are widely used in such areas as national priority construction, automobiles, engineering machinery, mines and bridges, and the company owns multiple line-making circles, with a wide range of production bases, more than 200 varieties, more than 20 rules.
The product is licensed for the manufacture of special equipment in China, certified by the German railway department db, and has been certified by the German railway department db.
In 2023, the company took advantage of opportunities to develop industries such as wind power, new-energy cars, and increased the market for energy steel, cars and steel, where the amount of steel sold was over 3.5 million tons, an increase of 87.7 per cent compared with the 87.7 per cent.
The company produces more than 3,000 varieties of steel and 5,000 specifications, one of the most specialized steel manufacturers in the world today. With the “six main product groups” and the series of deeply processed products, the company's steel varieties are the largest.
The specification is well-suited and has the clear advantage of providing users with one-stop, one-stop packages of special steel material solutions, and the rich product lines correspond to the company ' s diverse downstream applications, enabling the company to be more resistant to cycles and to avoid the impact of a single downstream climate fluctuations on its earnings.
3.2 “Standards of one and two” sustained energy, optimized product structure. Company technology and equipment are world-class, deep-processed product series rich, variety-specific, high-quality and clearly market competitive, and are essential for national economic development, major engineering and other important areas.
The company’s “two-by-one” product, which refers to high-temperature alloys, super-high-strength steel, high-end model steel, special stainless steel, is the company’s priority development block. The company’s current “two-by-one” sales are growing faster, with special smelting.
In the second phase of production, the company’s production capacity of “two highs and one highs” will increase further, accelerating the release and sale of cutting-edge materials. The supply of equipment for the SM2 production line is constantly increasing, and the level of equipment and production capacity of the process is expected to increase. In the first half of 2023, the company’s sales of “two highs and one sizes” were increased by 4%, with the same amount of steel being overstretched.
At the same time, the company focused on the development of more than 80 “small giants” (hidden champions in the segment of the market) and sold more than 3.35 million tons of “small giants” varieties. In the first half of the year, the company carried out a total of 43 demonstration and product certification projects, of which 25 certification projects were staged and equipped through design firms and mainframe plants.
The results of previous product research and development and certification projects are gradually being realized, with multiple varieties receiving new types of product and batch-type certification, evaluation of application opportunities. The company’s core competitiveness and industry leadership have continued to grow, in keeping with the concept of technological progress and innovation.
The company’s focused “small giant” project products have long certification cycles, high technical barriers, high quality standards, high market ownership in the segmented areas, and a high average Māori, allowing companies to better occupy the segmented steel track and increase profitability. Since 2022, companies have accelerated key technological breakthroughs, and research and innovation have performed well.
In January 2023, the company successfully won 60% of the share in the Tianjin steel control by winning the Tiantin Steel Pipeline Ltd. So, the company has 5 million tons of specialized seamless steel pipe production, becoming the largest specialized, seamless steel-producing company in the world.
In the area of sutures, strong efforts have been made to lay a solid foundation for enhancing sustainable, high-quality development capacity. In the first half of 2023, Tianjin steel has improved its efficiency by continuously optimizing its variety structure, increasing its product Māori ratio by 8 percentage points on a year-on-year basis, and increasing its capacity utilization by 5 percentage points.
The company insists on leading the development of special steel and promoting the development of original technology. Market-oriented, client-oriented, and competition for specialized new materials and advanced materials help to safeguard the country’s demand for key special steel materials.
Field occupancy, next step, will focus on the development of “high-precision” areas such as high-temperature alloys, high-end steel, super-high-intensity steel, special stainless steel, orbital traffic, aerospace, defense steel and so on, rapidly increasing competitiveness and market occupancy in dozens of major segmented markets and achieving more and more breakthroughs in “cricket” materials, thereby achieving efficiency gains.
Looking ahead, the company will pursue technological innovation around three directions to further consolidate the global niche in the special steel sector, one aimed at new policies and developments in the country and industry, and to strengthen forward-looking and strategic research into the development of the super-styrene; and the other at strengthening basic research, applied research and technological innovation, and accelerating the break-through of the “crack-and-neck” technology shortboard in the steel industry.
Continuation of the push for corporate “crystal products” and coordination of research and development problems. Third, early deployment of carbon abatement technologies such as hydrometallurgical and green steel product systems to provide high-quality steel for green manufacturing in global industrial chains and to increase the impact of green low-carbon development in the industry.
3.3 The downstream track continues with demand for products released from the prospect that the three industries with the highest share of downstream applications of corporate products are automobiles, machinery, and energy, respectively, important industries associated with the national economy and engineering. With structural changes on the supply side and the transformation of manufacturing, automobiles, cars, etc.
Higher degree of certainty in the growth of the demand for super-steel in areas such as green energy, high-end equipment manufacturing, and the expectation that the demand for corporate products will be boosted by the energy sector 3.3.1 The transformation of our traditional energy structure to clean energy will accelerate manufacturing and increase innovation
The demand for steel for energy. In 2022, the volume of steel sold in company wind-tooth wheels increased by 89 per cent on a year-on-year basis; the volume of steel sold in wind-coated bearings changed from a year-on-year to a year-on-year to overcome the negative effects of falling demand in the steel markets for bearing steel and automobiles, and to seize opportunities for the development of such industries as oil, gas, electricity, petrochemicals, wind power, photovoltaics, and to increase the development of steel for energy, which accounted for 35 per cent.
87.7% provides strong support for the company’s profits from sales. The company’s wind and power steel growth continues to be positive and has become an energy and steel sales company. In wind and wind, the company has been working for many years in the field of wind and power, in full cooperation with the world’s renowned mainframes, parts and components.
The industry has a significant lead in achieving full coverage of key components in wind bearings, deflectors, wind and flange, main axis wind and steel balls, wind tower and bolts, and wind and gear box. Future wind motor mega-generation and ocean wind are trends in the wind and wind industry, which will raise the standard requirements for the quality of special steel materials, and companies compete in these areas.
The competitive advantage is evident and pre-arranged, contributing to the upgrading and structural optimization of the company’s variety.Figure 29: Sino-Thaifurt Steel has achieved a leading market rate for wind and electric steel, with a constant focus on hydrogen kinetic energy, and is preparing for future developments.
At present, wind power and thermal power continue to be relatively good, and at a later stage wind power (land and sea), nuclear power, hydrogen steel, etc., is expected to remain in high demand. Next, the company will build on its existing strengths to further restructure, seize opportunities for energy sector development, and develop its third brand.
Automobile steel is the area where the demand is greatest downstream in the special steel industry, where company automobile steel is in the lead in the domestic market and is the second-largest branded steel in the company. The company’s high-end automobiles are in the domestic market for steel, car parts and components.
The product has been certified by international quality management systems such as Iso9001, iatf16949, and by high-end clients such as Mercedes, BMW, Audi, General, Skf, fag, one gas, east wind, etc. The use of Sinot steel in cars has been widely applied from gear to gear.
In the first half of 2023, the fuel-car market was squeezed and traditional car demand weakened. While the demand for steel for company cars with steel and axes decreased, steel for new-energy cars maintained a better momentum, resulting in the use of medium-sized steel cars.
In the area of automobile steel, companies will accelerate the pace of substitution for imports of domestically produced materials, and will focus on increasing the disaggregated variety and share of the city’s fields in an effort to replace more imported products. In addition, the quality of steel for new energy vehicles such as electrical axes, gear gears, etc.
The demand is higher, and it happens that the counterpart company is in the area of high-end car steel market, where the increase in the share of new energy vehicles has had a positive effect on the company, where the company continued to increase the development of car steel in the first half of 2023, allowing automobile steel to be sold, except for energy steel and automobile steel, where the company ' s special steel products are widely used in engineering machinery, bearings, metal products.
Engineering machinery is inextricably linked to the country’s manufacturing industry, with a wide range of alloyed steel structures, medium-hide plates, seamless steel tubes, etc., used in engineering and agricultural machinery. Axes are used as an important mechanical infrastructure for the support and maintenance of various types of electrical and electrical products, including, inter alia, car bearings, wind bearings, precision machine-bed bearings, wheel bearings and rail bearings.
It is widely applied to various areas of the national economy. For more than a decade, companies have produced the world’s leading sales of axle steel products, leading the domestic market with high-end car steel, engineering and mechanical steel, wind and electric steel, ocean-coated berth steel, mineral-chain steel, high-end condensed steel, and so on.
In addition, the company’s special steel products are also applied to maritime shipping and the construction of bridges. Of these, marine drilling platforms, drilling poles, and marine engineering equipment are used extensively for the special steel products. In the area of construction, the company provides underground steel structures for the 117th building in Tianjin, and the river’s river bridge also uses the company’s special steel products.
Figure 33: Tianjin Building 117 uses the structure of the CZN steel underground. Figure 34: In general, the situation in our steel industry remains critical in the short term, but with the country's stimulus to economic policy falling.
As the energy sector grows rapidly with steel, automobiles and engineering machinery require steel for steel.
In the hope of a gradual recovery, the market demand for corporate products will be released. Sino-Thirty steel is the world’s leading specialized special steel manufacturing enterprise, with six product clusters and a series of deep-processed products that adequately meet the market needs of countries’ priority sectors, such as energy, transport, engineering, machinery, and aerospace.
The company insists on market demand-driven, fast-changing thinking about energy, new-energy cars, etc., to keep the company in good business. 2023h1 achieved the sale of 9.42 million tonnes (including Tianjin steel tubes), and in the first half of 2023, the company accelerated the breakthrough in key technologies and continued the development of “two highs and one sizes” and “three new” projects.
In the first half of the year, the sales of the two-high and one-high products grew by 4% and the steel by 14.4%, while the company focused on the development of more than 80 “small giants” projects, with a breakthrough in the sale of their varieties. In January 2023, the company succeeded in gaining control of Tianjin steel, making it uniquely seamless in the amount of 5 million tons.
Steel pipe production, which is the largest specialized, seamless steel pipe production enterprise in the world, provides a solid basis for the company’s high-end seamless steel pipe business development. In the first half of 2023, Tianjin steel pipe was constantly optimizing its variety structure, with steady growth in production and sales and significant improvements in efficiency.
The firmness of the company in the development of energy steel, the sustained growth of steel operations in the fields of wind power and light voltage, and the active preparation of war radon, which was able to sell 3.5 million tons of steel in the first half of the year, increased by 87.7 per cent compared with the 87.7 per cent increase in the volume of steel sold in the first half of the year, will accelerate development in areas such as clean energy as the country's “double-cycle” new development landscape is gradually being constructed and it is expected that the country's special steel needs will continue to be boosted.
In general, the steel industry is moving toward the middle and upper end of the industrial chain and the value chain, which will boost China’s special steel demand and promote it.
With the opportunity to upgrade the variety structure of the industry, there is much to be gained from corporate development. With the rich combination of production lines and over-hard technology, Sino-Sinte steel will continue to optimize its industrial layout in the future, making use of the six main plate varieties, investing in technological innovation, accelerating the pace of national production substitution, leading the industry to green growth and creating the world's most competitive superstyrene.
(1) Risk of macroeconomic fluctuations: The demand in the steel sector is highly correlated with domestic and external macroeconomics, and steel prices are subject to cyclical fluctuations with domestic and external macroeconomic fluctuations. In the future, the demand for steel may slow down if macroeconomics enter a downward cycle, or if major adverse changes occur that could have a negative impact on the performance of the firms concerned.
(ii) Environmental risk: The steel industry is a major contributor to carbon emissions and, under the national “carbon peak” “carbon neutral” goal, the country is increasingly demanding energy savings, the iron and steel companies are facing higher environmental input and operating costs, and the risk of price volatility of raw materials: the price of raw materials for the production of all types of steel is in the base, as the market environment changes
Failure to effectively shift pressure from rising prices of raw materials and energy sources to downstream will have a negative impact on the business performance of the firms concerned. (4) Industry competition risks: the domestic steel industry is highly competitive, the general steel supply is overstretched and the transition to special steel is accelerated.
In the future, there may be new investors in the steel industry, either in the steel industry or in the steel industry, with long-term policy risks: energy consumption double control as one of the main drivers of structural change on the country's supply side, energy consumption double control, and policy constraints on the steel industry.
While the understanding of the policy implementation level is clear, and long-lasting arrangements are in place to resolve short-term contradictions, the impact on energy consumption control in black and non-ferrous smelting industries remains to be seen. Foreign trade export risks: at the international level, geo-conflicting, global inflation, among other things, will continue to affect the demand for steel in manufacturing.
It is expected that manufacturing will continue to grow less dynamic in the coming period, that demand for steel abroad will be contained, and that our iron and steel exports will likely slow down. “positive” investors will be suitable only for research that does not have a higher risk level than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors will be suitable for the risk levels of our division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.