The semiconductor equipment of MSMEs (688012.sh), the future of national production substitution and the firm's competitive advantage, the pressing need for national production substitution, the “buy-in” rating, as the semiconductor industry warms up, the semiconductor industry transfers into the country, and the storage, faundry, etc., expands production.
Increased demand for upstream equipment;c upgrading of manufacturing processes, frequency of use of etching processes and technological requirements.Small and Medium company technology leads, client resources are excellent, targeted increases are published, 10 billion yuan in extension is proposed, the future of corrosion equipment is large in space and mocvd is promising.
The size of the global market for semiconductor carving equipment reached $11.5 billion in 2019, more than 90% for cr3, over $18 billion for the Chinese market, and “new applications + industrial transfer + process advances” gave domestic corrosion equipment manufacturers a good opportunity to develop.
For example, more than 40%. Now that mocvd equipment is used downstream, mainly in blue light, and as technology advances, mocvd equipment is expected to gradually be used in various emerging areas such as yellow red light, deep ultraviolet light, and minired, microled, power devices, etc., the market is expected to expand further.
• Strong core competitiveness, sustained development of new products, growth in the future
Internationally known clients 65nm to 7nm production lines; the company has developed 5nm etching equipment and has obtained bulk orders, is developing more advanced processes (2) company ccp equipment can be applied to 3dnand64 layers, and is developing etching equipment and processes that can cover 128 layers of etching and the very high depth ratio that should be applied
(3) Expanding new applications in mocvd, which has been successfully validated by advanced UV Led. Mocvd equipment for production of miniled, microled, power devices, etc. is being developed. The company is planning to increase its GDP by 10 billion yuan, and future competitiveness is expected to increase further.
Slow progress and certification of new company product development are not as good as expected.1 The performance of domestic semiconductor equipment star companies has grown rapidly 1.1, the company is a leader in the country, deep-placing plasma etching equipment, mocvd equipment
Founded in 2004 as a Chinese-based, global-oriented high-end semiconductor micro-processing equipment company, deep-dry chip manufacturing etching, China’s first medium etching machine was developed as a leading company in our integrated circuit equipment industry. The company focuses on integrated circuits, led key manufacturing equipment, core production.
Items include: (1) plasma etching equipment (ccp, icp), deep silicon etching equipment (tsv), and (2) mocvd equipment in the led chip field. Currently, the company plasma etching equipment has been widely applied to international first-line customers for integrated circuit processing from 65 nm to 14 nm, 7 nm and 5 nm.
In the case of thin film deposition equipment, the Chinese insignia company has been developing the most critical equipment for the led extension process since 2010 — mocvd equipment — and has now developed three generations of mocvd equipment, which can be used for processing in blue green light, power devices, etc., including: first-generation equipment, prsmod-blue, second-generation equipment, prsmo
A7 and the third generation of 30-inch large-scale equipment being developed, the company’s equity structure is fragmented. As of 202003, the first shareholder of the company, the shareholding ratio in Shanghai, was a special fund for industrial development, with investment in 100 per cent of the country’s integrated circuit industry investment fund (the large fund).
1.2. The company’s operating income increased from 610 million yuan in 2016 to 1.95 billion yuan in 2019.
Cagr, approximately 47.2 per cent, benefited mainly from: (1) the accelerated development of the semiconductor sector in China, (2) continued R & D inputs by companies and the continued introduction of new products, and (3) high-quality customer resources and good market brands by companies; in 2019, in the context of ongoing global trade disputes, continued slowdown in world economic growth and increased downward pressure on the domestic economy
Against this background, the global semiconductor, led and equipment industries showed a significant decline, while corporate income increased at a lower rate, but with a higher rate of 18.8 per cent, with 2020q3 generating $1.480 billion, or +21.3 per cent, of the net return profit of the company, which was reversed in 2017, and a significant return net profit in 2017-2019.
Figure 2: Maintenance of high growth in corporate operating income (billion yuan) Figure 3: Maintenance of high growth in net corporate returns (billion yuan)
Spare parts, equipment maintenance, other operations, 2019, the above-mentioned income/share of major business, in descending order, 1.59 billion. The company’s rapid growth in low Maori business in recent years has led to a decrease in the overall Māori rate, but net interest rates continue to be raised, the sales of mocvd equipment prsmoa7 with relatively low interest rates have increased significantly, and market strategy changes have led to net gains.
The rate rose from 3.1 per cent in 2017 to 9.7 per cent in 2019,2 the space of corrosion equipment is huge, the future of mocvd equipment is promising 2.1, etching equipment: space is huge, concentration is high, the domestic market is well developed
2.1.1, ccp and icp are the two most widely used types of equipment in plasma etching equipment.
The process is not subject to significant erosion, the parts that are covered by light emboldens are protected from corrosion, and the parts that are not covered will be carved. Erosion can be seen as the last transfer process to replicate the graphics on silicon. Erosion can be divided into wet etchings and dry etchings, wet etchings tend to be less heterogeneous, and side walls are prone to cross.
A corrosion deviation to etching, which is usually used in applications with larger process sizes, or in cleaning residues after dry corrosion. Dry etching is the prevailing etching technique, dominated by plasma dry etching, for use in the 3m and more advanced processes. The classification of plasma etching devices is closely related to etching processes, the rationale being the use of plasma etching processes.
The chemically active particles generated by sequestering are chemically reacting to surface materials under the ion strike, generating volatilized gases, thus producing microstructures on surface materials. Depending on the method of producing plasma, dry etching is divided mainly into capacitative plasma etchings (ccp).
And electrosensive plasma etchings (icp). Capacitative plasma etchings are mainly microstructures such as deep holes and deep ravines, with high energy iones on the harder medium material; electrosensive plasma etchings are mainly softer and thinner materials with lower ion energy and very even ion concentrations.
The main etching applications are covered. Depending on the type of etching material, dry etching is mainly those in which the medium is carved (silicon oxide, silicon nitrous, silicon dioxide, luminous embolism, etc.), silicon materials (siline silicon, multi-crystal silicon, silicon, tungsten, etc.) and metal materials (aluminum, tungsten, etc.).
Figure 11: Capacitated plasma etching reaction cavities, corrosion of harder materials 2.1.2, etching equipment market: market space is large, concentration is high, the global market for semiconductor etching equipment is growing and the three giants divide over 90% of the market.
The size of the corrosion equipment in the crystal-crystal manufacturing chain is about 19.4 per cent of the size of all equipment, according to Semi, the global size of the corrosion equipment increased from $4 billion in 2013 to $11.5 billion in 2019, close to 20 per cent of the cagr, and is projected to reach $15.5 billion in 2025. The concentration of the global semiconductor etching equipment industry is high.
High, the main players, mainly the pan forest semiconductor, Tokyo electronics, and applied materials, account for more than 90% of the global market for Chinese semiconductor etching equipment of over 18 billion yuan. According to Semi, in 2019, China ' s large semiconductor equipment was sold at $13.5 billion, an increase of 2.6%.
China’s mainland corrosion equipment market can be estimated at $2.6 billion, equivalent to 18.3 billion yuan, as compared to 19.4%. The main competitors in China’s domestic market for corrosion equipment are the United States pan forest semiconductors, applied materials, and the three international giants of Tokyo Electronics in Japan, which are highly competitive in the domestic semiconductor etching equipment market.
In the case of local storage and logical-manufacturing manufacturers, MSMEs as a whole buy more than 15%, the largest supplier of indigenous semiconductor carving equipment entering mainstream storage, the foundry manufacturer. At the same time, the company’s market share in the local market has accelerated to increase, in order to capture the best bid in the Yangtze River, 2020.
Nine, or 22 per cent of the bid for the same period, have been registered since the year. Sino-Insignia has a global 1.4 per cent share of capacitive etching equipment, and some of the technology levels and applications have reached the international level.
The global market for corrosion equipment is about 1.4%, according to the company’s offer statement. While there is still a gap between the company’s corrosion equipment and the global giants, some of the technology levels and applications have met international standards for similar products, and
Applications have been applied to the most advanced production lines of 7 nm and 5 nm worldwide. 2.1.3, “New applications + industrial transfer + process advances”, domestic corrosion manufacturers have been given a good opportunity to develop, on the one hand, the global transfer of semiconductor industries, the continued commissioning of crystallized plants, and the expansion of related equipment orders.
On the other hand, the emerging downstream applications market, represented by 5g, the network of things, auto electrons, and the ai, rises. In the area of integrated circuit applications, the emerging industries, represented by the network of goods, are growing rapidly in the foreseeable future. The deployment of devices, smart household power, auto-drives, smart robots, 3d displays, etc.
The exhibition will release a large amount of chip-making demand and further boost the steady growth of the upstream semiconductor equipment industry. Advanced processes move towards smaller nodes, with higher requirements for etching times and equipment technology.
The limitations of the source wavelength do not meet the ever smaller critical dimensions requirements, and multiple template processes must be used to achieve smaller critical dimensions through multiple depositions, light etchings, etchings that further increase the importance of the associated equipment, including corrosion equipment. Moreover, as process nodes are reduced, etching techniques need to be etching rates, variations, etchings.
Erosion deviations, selection ratios, depth width ratios, homogeneity, residues, plasma-induced sensitive device damage, particulate contamination, etc. meet higher requirements for technological advances in corrosion equipment. For example: Erosion ESPs are expanded from four to more than 20 subsectors to achieve evener requirements
; better cavity temperature control increases production repetition. An increase in the number of floors of 3dnand requires a higher depth width than in the etching technology. Nand flashing has entered the 3d era, and in the 3dnand manufacturing process, the main way to increase integration is no longer to reduce the single upper width of the layer.
It is an increase in the number of layers that are stacked up. The etching is to process 40:1 to 60:1 deep or deep grooves on a silicon oxidation and silicon nitrous silicon one-on-one. The 64-stores are now in large-scale production phase, and the Yangtze has a 128-store.
Figure 19: Increases in the number of nand layers require that etching technology be capable of processing a higher depth ratio 2.2, mocvd equipment: the domestic market is expanding rapidly, and nitrogenated mocvd equipment accounts for the bulk of the led (lightmitting diode, also known as the luminous diode) industrial chain is processed from the bottom, led outreach
The main equipment involved in the chain is: single-crystal furnaces, multi-line cutters, mocvd equipment for the manufacture of extras, light etching, corrosion, washing and detection equipment for the manufacture of chips, and patch machines, crystals, welding machines and glues for the covering.
The preparation of the led extension is an important step in the production of the led chip, as opposed to the manufacturing process of integrated circuits circulating between multiple core devices, mainly through mocvd single-type devices.
The most important equipment, typically purchased, accounts for more than half of the total input into the led production line, so mocvd is a visual indicator of the capacity of the led manufacturer. The market size of the led market is growing steadily in China.
The rapid development of the Chinese led chip industry has led to a rapid increase in demand for mocvd as a core equipment, and China has now become the world’s largest market for mocvd equipment, with more holdings than the global share.
40%. According to technavio, the global market size of mocvd is expected to increase from $610 million in 2016 to $1.16 billion in 2021, and cagr about 13.7%, according to high-workled led data, from 1,017 to 1938 Chinese mocvd equipment holdings from 2013 to 2018, and cagr to 13.8%.
According to ledinside, China has become the world’s largest market for mocvd equipment, with mocvd equipment holding more than 40% of the world’s demand. Chlorinated thorium-based mocvd equipment accounts for the main share.
Based on the data from ledinside, 215 nitride mocvd were added throughout the year 2018, 65 nitrazine mocvd were added, and nitrazine mocvd equipment accounted for about 77 per cent of the market share of all mocvd.
The main players in the mocvd market are Vieco, Ethio, and Meso-Wee. Since 2017, the Mocvd equipment of Meso-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei-Wei.
In the field of led, there is a moored law, i.e., the price of led will be one-tenth of the original every 10 years, and the export light will increase 20-fold. After more than 20 years of development since the birth of the first commercial blue light in 1993, the mocvd technology to make blue light has reached a more mature stage.
The mocvd equipment enterprise has developed technology to meet the demand of the downstream application market by improving the performance required for large-scale out-production, reducing production costs and having large-scale decomposition capabilities. mocvd equipment can also be manufactured for high-end displays with miniled and microled, sterile and sterile microbicides.
In the light-electronics industry, the emerging industry, represented by the new type of led, has gradually become a hot spot to show the industry's pursuit. The emerging small spacing of led is shown in physical sewn, displaying effects, power consumption, useful life.
With the further development and refinement of miniled and microled technologies in the future, led shows that the new industry is expected to be one of the fastest-growing sections of the mocvd application industry following the Led lighting industry.
It is also expected that the market size will expand further in the emerging areas of yellow red light, deep UV, and miniled, microled, power tools.3 The firm ' s core is competitive, new products are developed on a continuous basis, and growth can be expected in the future.
3.1. Accumulation of technology, high-quality client resources, a pool of good management teams and skilled people, strong research and development companies with experienced management teams and technicians with an international perspective, founder Dr. Yoon Yoo
Dr. Yoon Zhiyu, founder, director and director of the company, has 35 years of industry experience in semiconductor chips and equipment, and is an important driver of international plasma etching, technology development and industrialization. Dr. Yoon Zhiyu is a 89-American patent and over 200 other marine patents.
In 2018, the president of the company, Dr. Yoon Yoo, together with the chairman of Intel, Grovendceo, was selected as the top ten military champions of the international semiconductor industry in 2018. Other co-founders of the company, core technicians, etc., included a wide range of specializations.
At home, many of them are deep technologists and management specialists who have made outstanding contributions to industry development for decades in the international semiconductor equipment industry. The company’s full-time incentive system attracts the world’s best talent.
By the end of 2019, the company had a total of 421 R & D and engineering technicians, or 58% of the total workforce. The company succeeded in building a creative and competitive technology and research and development team, which was a strong safeguard for the public.
Corporate R & D investment is large, guaranteeing long-term core competitiveness. In 2019, corporate R & D investment amounted to $430 million, representing 21.8 per cent of operating income.
New technology industries, sustained R & D inputs, and the introduction of new products are fundamental conditions for supporting growing performance, and higher R & D inputs provide the basis for companies to remain competitive over the long term. The pool of good talent and strong corporate investment in R & D have allowed companies to accumulate a strong technological reserve.
On that day, the company had applied for 1,538 patents, including 1,350 patents for inventions; it had authorized 1,035 patents, while it had undertaken five major national science and technology development research and development projects, the implementation of major national science and technology development pole units. The company had now successfully completed the development and production of four plasma etching devices.
Industrialization projects, the fifth research and development project that is being implemented, have reached its intended level of technology two years in advance. The company has achieved international advanced and domestic leadership in the fields of capacitive ion et al. etching equipment, electrosensive plasma etching equipment, deep silicon etching equipment, mocvd equipment.
Over the years, the company, thanks to its technical and service excellence in the field of corrosion equipment and mocvd equipment, has successfully entered some mainstream semiconductor manufacturing enterprises, both within and outside the country, with relatively high-quality customer resources.
Users of corrosion equipment include manufacturers of integrated circuits (or semiconductor sealers) such as station electricity, China Harbour International, U.S.W. Electrics, filament microelectronics, Hercules and Yangtze Storage: customers of mocvd equipment include manufacturers of led chips and power devices such as triamine, plating, luminum power, drying light, etc.
The company has set up a global operations unit to respond quickly and in a timely manner to the needs of its clients. The company has won a number of heavyweight awards. After-sale services from semiconductor equipment manufacturers are particularly critical for the normal and stable operation of the equipment on the household production line. As semiconductor manufacturing links move to Asia, it is more competitive than international competition.
Hand, the company is geographically closer to mainstream clients, providing faster and more economical technical support and customer maintenance. In 2018, the lead semiconductor industry consulting firm in the United States, Vlsirerearch, conducted a "client satisfaction" survey and rating of global semiconductor equipment companies.
Second, the individual rating for film sedimentation equipment was the first; in 2019, the company maintained its global rating third, and second in both the professional and the exclusive chip manufacturing equipment suppliers for chip manufacturing equipment, while the global crystal-crystal manufacturing equipment dealer rated only five of the five-star companies, one of which was MSMEs.
The company’s advantages in terms of product competitiveness and customer satisfaction are realized. 3.2. Continuous technological upgrading, future growth, etc. Corporate etching equipment products maintain a competitive advantage and bulk is applied to integrated circuit processing by front-line customers, both domestically and internationally.
Manufacture production lines and continuously develop new generation of equipment to cope with more advanced manufacturing processes. (1) In the logical integrated circuit manufacturing chain, high-end etching equipment developed by the company has been used on the chip production line of an internationally known client, 65nm to 7nm; and, at the same time, the company has developed 5nm etching equipment for a number of switches, based on the needs of advanced-ic manufacturers.
The company is currently working on a new generation of corrosion equipment and etching processes, including more advanced Damascus, that can cover less than 5 nm etchings and more equipment for different critical applications. (2) At the 3dnand chip manufacturing chain, the company's capacitation, etc.
Ion etching equipment can be used for volume production on the 64th floor, while the company is developing a new generation of corrosion equipment and processes that can cover 128 layers of critical etching applications and the corresponding very high depth scale. (3) The company's icp equipment has been produced on the production lines of multiple logical chips and storage chip manufacturers, depending on the client's demand.
Technology development needs, technology development for the next generation of products to meet the demand for icp etching for products such as logical chips up to 7 nm, dram chips up to 1 x nm and 3dnand chips above 128 floors, and high-yielding icp etching equipment.
Expanding new applications in mocvd, Deep UV Led has been validated by leading clients. Corporate inch extension processing capability. Corporate Prismoa7 equipment has taken a leading position in the global nitrogenated eledmocvd market. The company has developed mocvd equipment to manufacture Deep UV Led, which is already leading the industry.
Initial client validation was successful and repeated orders were obtained, along with orders from mainstream industry enterprises and scientific institutes; the development of mocvd equipment for miniled production was proceeding in an orderly manner; and the mocvd equipment needed to manufacture microled, powerware, etc. was being developed.
In October 2020, the company issued a plan for an increase of $10 billion, of which $3.17 billion was allocated to a micro-industrial base construction project, $3.75 billion to a headquarters and R & D centre project in China and $3.08 billion to a technology reserve fund to further expand productive capacity and enhance the company ' s research and development capabilities, with great potential for future growth.
Key assumptions: (1) downstream semiconductor demand is strong, semiconductor capital expenditure is raised and demand for upstream equipment is raised. (2) The company has a steady supply of model equipment, new products are being developed and validated smoothly. As the semiconductor industry is warming, the semiconductor industry is moving home, domestic storage, and the faundry manufacturer is expanding.
Small and medium-sized companies are leading the technology, have excellent customer resources, have proposed an extension of 10 billion yuan, and will be competitive in the future. International trade friction increases risks, downstream client expansion is less than expected, domestic production is slow.
The new product development has not been validated as expected.