Incident: On 17 February, Chengdu Bank issued a 2022 performance report. In 2022, it collected $20.24 billion, or yoy + 13.1 per cent; the mother ' s net profit was $10.40 billion, or yoy + 28.2 per cent; the negative rate was 0.78 per cent, and the reserve cover rate was positive and the profits were high. By the end of 2022, the cumulative revenue had increased at the same rate (see below).
The impact of \triangleright fluctuations on interest-free income.
Top ranking in rows, or mainly benefit from a decline in credit costs. \triangleright residual
2.1 pct, but top of the list of banks that have disclosed their fast-performing performance. We believe that a strong scale of expansion is likely to lead to an increase in the investment of consensual assets in the context of regional debt market volatility, which could lead to a year-round interest gap in 2023.
\triangleright drops by 3bp, reflecting excellent risk management capabilities.
The excellent quality of assets is both a support for higher profits and ultimately reflected at the roe level, while also giving more scope to the success bank, for example, to expand to the real area.
Investment recommendations: strong scale-up, excellent asset quality Growth maintained robust rate of recovery and lower credit costs sustained high net return profit growth despite 22q4 epidemic, high performance + high expansion, ready for transfer period - 2022/08/30
Impacts such as the volatility of debt markets have slowed the scale slightly, but they are still at the forefront of the listed banks, and the poor rate continues to be explained in two-year quarterly reports: "high expansion + low," \triangleright
Figure 1: Cumulative year-on-year growth in the performance of Chengdu banks as at the end of 2022
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.