The company announced its performance in the first quarter of 2022 on the evening of April 26, 2022.
In the second half of 2021, it was listed as Han Kuo-Yu, Su Koo-Shin, and Glandpharma's Hepain series.
According to the company’s annual report, by the end of February 2022, it had received more than 20 million doses. Hong Kong has been hit by the epidemic.
The rest of the new varieties are expected to continue to generate sales gains and bntx share price declines. The net profit decline is mainly due to negative gains from fair value changes, a sharp decline in stock prices at the end of the reporting period for the company’s stock holdings of the Biontech stock, and the resulting fair value of the company.
On March 26, 2022, the company’s pd-1 product, Sruli Monopoly, was listed with a conditional approval from the National Drug Control Service for treatment of non-circumcision or transferable high-altitude microsatellites The unstable adult terminal physical tumor is the national seventh product, pd-1.
The second anti-adaptive form of non-small cell lung cancer (combined chemotherapy, first line) is also accepted. According to company announcement, the company ' s net profit forecast for 2022-2023 was raised to 5,337 million.
R & D is less than expected, less sold, more risky than expected, more risky than listing, other policy winds.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc.
The same-year growth rate of 28.70 per cent; the net return to the mother was 4,735 million yuan, a 29.28 per cent increase in the same year; the non-net profit to the mother was 3,277 million yuan, a corresponding increase of 2022q1 Quarterly: late 26 April 2022, the first quarter of the company ' s announcement. During the reporting period, the company achieved a revenue of 10,382 million yuan, an increase of 28.87 per cent; the net profit to the mother was 463 million yuan, a decrease of 45.41 per cent; the non-net profit to the mother was 801 million yuan.
The new product has grown into a major performance engine with an optimized income structure. The listed Han Kuyo (clerical beads) in the second half of 2021, Su Ko-Shin (Aphalpopa), glandpharma's hepatic system products, and the new crown mrna vaccine continue to act as the main engine for growth, with sales revenue growing as of 2022.
According to the company’s annual report, at the end of February 2022, it had accumulated more than 20 million doses. According to the 2021 report, sales of new varieties such as the company’s group’s products, Han Littok, cd20, Han Kuyu, her2, continued to grow.
The products were approved for the original Rhodes-Metrohua, Sindha-Bio-Daber-War, and Hwang-Han Likang. According to frost-sullivan, the size of the country’s curvature card resistance market will reach 13 billion yuan in 2030, and the country is now listed in three pieces, Hessettine, Hesselley, the original Roth-based drug, and Han Kuyo, the Hwang-Hung-Hu.
Research and development has continued, and future performance growth has been assured. At the end of February, 23 provinces and municipalities had subsidized civil security and more than 40 commercial insurance coverages in Qaeda, and about 100 people had entered the treatment process.
According to frost&sullvan, the size of the domestic car-t market will increase to $3 billion in 2023, and there are currently two productions approved in the country, i.e. Kéida and Benoda, respectively. On March 26, 2022, the company’s pd-1 product, Scruley Monopoly, was granted conditional approval by the National Drug Control Service for treatment of non-eclectability or transferable highly microsatellite unstable adults.
In September 2021, Scruley's single anti-adaptive second form of non-small cell lung cancer (combined chemotherapy, first line) was also admitted. In October 2021, the primary liquid and formulation production line was examined at the gmp site.
In the first quarter of 2022, the company obtained production permits from Mossadong molnupiravir and Pfizer paxlovid, respectively, to supply these drugs (finished drugs and raw materials) to low- and middle-income countries. The global vaccination rate in low- and middle-income areas was generally low, and according to johnshopkinsuniversity, only 19 per cent of the new crown vaccinations in Africa had been administered by early March 2022, of which only 19 per cent had been completed.
The proportion of complete basic immunization procedures is only 13%. A number of studies around the world show that people who have not completed basic immunization procedures are highly vulnerable to new variants of imicrón, with a high risk of developing into moderate and even death, and that the need for new coronary special effects is urgent.
Unexpected R & D, under-sales, risk collection, risk of listing, other policy risks, international industry arising from international events