Medical Health Research Centre Introduction of 2 new drugs, self-researching of fluorourinary platinum for listing company basics (RMK)
On 27 June 2022, the company announced that its holding subsidiary, Fosunpharmusa, Jiangsu, and its controlled subsidiary, Kaipharma, had signed a Licensing Agreement, and that Kai pharma had awarded Fosuparmausa and Jiangsu to sell medicine in China (not including).
On June 28, 2022, the company announced that the Controlling Stock Gisme's application for registration for fluorine injection was accepted by the National Drug Control Service.
(i) Parsabiv is a new type of calcium sensitive receptor agonist that has been marketed in the United States and Europe for the treatment of undergoing blood dialysis.
The secondary thyroid adrenaline (shpt) of adult chronic kidney patients treated.
The number of patients with dialysis is more than 700,000, of whom dialysis is the most important form of treatment, and the incidence of shpt among people with dialysis is 47%-58%.
The ball has been marketed as calcium sensitive agonists such as parasabiv, regpara and orkeda, according to iqvia numbers, with innovative technology moving forward in sight. 2021.10.27 According to the global sales of calcium sensitive receptor agonists in 2021, about US$ 890 million.
3. The global sales of Parmabiv were $280 million. (2) China ' s first pde 4 inhibitor, Otele, was approved by the Drug Enforcement Authority in August 2021 for treatment with phototherapy or systematic treatment.
4. " Signing an agreement with Taiwan to sell the mrna vaccine at the port of Hong Kong for adults with severe spotted silver chips. Otele is the only oral phosphorus diacetic enzyme (4pde 4) inhibitor approved for this adaptive condition in China.
This represents 57.3% (3) of China’s market is opened by the commercialization of the ambulatory medicine. According to the agreement, Fosunpharmausa paid up to $47 million in initial payments and regulatory milestones to kaipharma, as well as subsequent sales milestones of up to $40 million and sales withdrawals.
The self-research drug fluorine injection fluids are listed on the market, and China sells more than 1 billion of the same products. Gimmy fluorescent is intended for colon and rectal cancer, breast cancer, stomach cancer, and pancreatic cancer. The same products are available in Shanghai, Shanghai, Xiaodong Haipu, Tianjin Jin Yiu, and Shanxipudd.
(iqvia) According to data, in 2021, sales of the same type of fluorine injection fluid in China amounted to approximately the risk that the new drug development and marketing process in Zhao Haichun would not meet expectations and that policies such as harvesting would affect the profitability of the product.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment