Three-quarters performance forecast is significantly higher than expected, smelting into production, constant shares, constant shares (600346), event rating.
Liu Woo-joo, Zhang Ming-ho, realized the net profits attributable to the shareholders of the listed company in the first three quarters of 2018, the same period as the previous year.
The net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company netting off non-recurring gains and losses during the same period of the previous year (with a weight of four dimensions) is expected to achieve a net return profit of more than $1.7 billion in the single quarter of the quarter.
Xu Kwanglun 1. The three-quarter performance of the company was significantly higher than expected, and the three-quarter domestic polyester fibre chain continued to improve, benefiting from the prices of pta and scrubbed silk.
One billion yuan. The net return to the mother was about $3.63 billion in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 98 per cent in the same year, and $3.21 billion in the non-net profit, an increase of 209 per cent in the same year.
During the reporting period, supply and demand patterns in the pta sector improved significantly as a result of a marked slowdown in supply growth and strong demand for downstream polyesters. Price spreads in pta and elevate filaments have increased since the third quarter, resulting in a significant increase in the level of single-ton profits in the industry.
Rewinding. But with pta production entering an intensive period of overhaul in October, pta prices have been reduced by a limit. (Hellen petrochemical 1.2 million tons, Ning Bo-Shun 650,000 tons, Han II 2.2 million tons, 1, Helium Stock (600,346.sh) Incident evaluation: workers.
900,000 tons of petrochemicals, 2.2 million tons of helium petrochemicals, 2 million tons of Yuzheng-San-Shanghai, Rainbow Harbour, and Pta-5 projects have landed in a combination of boxing and consolidation of the masters 1.5 million tons, 1.1 million tons of bp-jum, and 650,000 tons of instrumental fibers in October.
Status: 2018-09-102, In-depth report of the Helium stock (600346, sh)
The company's 20 million-ton refining project is progressing well, and the constant refining project is proceeding in an orderly fashion, with the final sprinting phase.
On 1 October, the first tank of crude oil entered: the first chemical coal ship entered the port on 2 October with a significant increase in performance, and the refining of integrated production was expected.
The first test of the pressure-relief device is expected to be fully produced in the first quarter of next year.4
Helium stock (600346): Three-quarters performance forecast is significantly higher than expected, and when refined inputs enter the countdown, we have a strong interest in the benefits of refining. The company's performance security advance in 2019 will be more than $8 billion under a variety of conditions, and its performance will rise in space.
The price of crude oil fluctuates significantly, production capacity is not as high as expected, and industry is less favourable than expected.
The three-quarter performance forecast is significantly higher than expected, and Liu Woo-Chou has entered the countdown. The University of Management of Singapore, Master of Finance, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space + Bachelor of Financial Engineering + Bachelor of Laws, cfa is a witness.
Master of Science in Industrial Catalytic and Response Engineering, University of Qinghua, Zhang Minghua, 2 years of experience in chemical industries, research assistant in basic chemical industries, October 2015
Law 4-D Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Cinghua, Doctor of Chemical Engineering, cfa holder, three years of experience in chemical engineering. Many international leading academic journals, with 5 national and international patents, and more than 10 papers from leading international academic journals, have been cited almost 1,000 times.
B.A. in Chemical Engineering, Beijing Polytechnic University, LL.M. in Chemical Engineering, Talsa University, United States of America, four years of experience in chemical engineering overseas, joined Dong-hing, Xu Kullen, May 2018. Benko and M.A. were both in the Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, formerly at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three years of experience in chemical technology development and management.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.