Three quarters outperforms expectations, smelts down, stumps, stumps, stumps, stumps, stumps, stumps, stumps.
The net profit of the division’s shareholders was 3,652 million yuan, an increase of 99 per cent (after adjustment); the net gain of 3,233 million yuan, an increase of 216 per cent (after adjustment), attributable to the shareholders of the listed company. The company achieved a net return profit of 1,771 million yuan in a single quarter of the third quarter, which is far more than expected.
The company's performance in the third quarter is significantly higher than expected. The chain of domestic polyester fibres continues to improve in the third quarter, and the average sale price for the company's three quarters of ellipse is the source of Eastern financial and intellectual booms.
A 99% increase over the same period: $3.33 billion in non-net profit realized, an increase of 216% over the same year. Four quarters of pta prices fell slightly. After four quarters, pta prices rebounded. But with pta capacity entering intensive repairs starting in October \triangleright
Helen petrochemicals 1.2 million tons, Ningpochim 650,000 tons, Han Bian II 2.2 million tons, Pompey petrochemicals 900,000 tons, Helium petrochemicals 2.2 million tons, Yuzhmorgeologiya 2 million tons, Rainbow Harbour 1.5 million, bpdone 1.1 million tons, and instrument optics 650,000 tons are scheduled for October. In the future, with no new pta capacity until the end of the 19th century, the demand for polyesters will increase by more than 5% next year, and with px production capacity.
The company’s 20 million tons refining project is going well. The constant refining of 20 million tons/year refining integration project is centred on 4.5 million tons of aromatics combined, \triangleright.
The project is currently at the end of full-scale installation and the final sprinting phase. The plant's large-scale power and static equipment have been installed, the thermal power plants, docks, tank areas, coal hydrogen, etc., are largely equipped for transport, training of relevant personnel, preparation for test production, commissioning of the vehicle programme is ready, the functional connection of the equipment to the pipe welding process is accelerating, and the project's focus is shifting from full-scale.
The company’s future development is expected. We have a strong view of the benefits of the refining project. The company’s 2019 performance security advance will be calculated in 80 under various conditions.
\triangleright also completed the environmental impact evaluation evaluation, process programme validation, land clean-up and the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The company is the leader in the elixir industry, completing an integrated whole-of-industry layout of the crude oil-aromatic-pta-polyester-wiring industry, opening up the path of industrial synergy and growth. Three quarters of performance is significantly higher than expected, and we have raised the company’s profit forecast for 2018. We expect the company’s crude oil price to fluctuate significantly between 2018 and 2020, yielding less than expected, and industry’s climate is lower than expected.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the south's wisdom, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the side, the side of the south's name
B.A. in Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Master of Industrial Catalytic and Response Engineering, 2 years of experience in chemical engineering, and in the basic chemical industry since October 2015, Liu Woo-dao, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore, and Bachelor of Financial Engineering + Double Law, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, cfa.
Research assistant profile: Law 4-D Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering, New York State University, United States of America, cfa-witness, three years of chemical engineering experience.
Author of 5 national and foreign patents and more than 10 articles signed by leading international academic journals, with a cumulative number of references. Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, Master of Chemical Engineering, University of Tarsa, United States of America, four years of experience in overseas chemical industries, joined Dong-hing Xu Kunlun in May 2018
Both undergraduate and M.A. are in the Department of Chemical Engineering at the University of Qinghua, where they worked at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three-year experience in the management of chemical technology development, and analyze their own research views. Any part of their remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies