A record 1.77 billion yuan in single-quarter performance, and a fast-tracked production: 43.832 billion yuan in operating income during the reporting period, as a result of the company ' s publication of the tri-quarter report in 2018,
Of this amount, q3 achieved operating income of $17.379 billion in the first quarter, compared to +47.83 per cent in the previous quarter, ring to +16.89 per cent in the same year, and net return to the mother to +1770 million, compared to +72.41 per cent in the same quarter and ring to +127.0 per cent in the third quarter.
In 2018, q1-q3, the company achieved operating income of $11,584 million and $14,868 million, respectively, and exceeded performance expectations, mainly due to: (1) stable corporate production and sales, with some major commodity prices raised, total market value/flow (millions)
In January-September, civil scrubbing filament (production/distribution: 98.28 million/92.15 million tons; average value of 12 months highest/minimum share reported in 2018: polyester industry
The chain-based consumption continues, the next half of the year is smelted, and the Helium shares are reported to be beautifully prepared, with 1166 million won and 713 million won. In general, we maintain the previous view, with the detergent in favour of consumption.
Accelerating the layout of the industrial chain attributes, although more intensive, are concentrated in leading enterprises, increasing industrial concentration, making steady profits, keeping shares (600346).
2. Longsing Island's 20 million tons/year big refining project is expected to take the lead in the development of the integration strategy and the company's growth into a fast-track vehicle.
The project is currently at the end of full-scale installation and final sprinting phase, with all refinery tracks - 2017/12/15 Large-scale moving and static equipment installed, thermal power plants, wharfs, canning areas, coal-made hydrogen, etc.
Engineering and ancillary facilities are largely equipped for testing, personnel training, trial production readiness, commissioning of driving programmes are ready, equipment functional connection and plumbing work is on the move, project work is moving from full installation to commissioning.
3. Accelerating layout to secure the status of polyester taps and, in parallel, (1) the construction of 1.5 million tons of ethylene/yearly ethylene projects, including 1.5 million tons of ethylene devices and 12 packages of chemical plants, further enhancing product value addition and refining competitiveness are expected.
The Ministry also plans to build a new 2.5 million tons pta-5 project, with a total capacity of 11.6 million tons per year.
(3) 1.35 million tons of new multi-purpose high-quality textile materials are under construction, and the project is scheduled to complete the construction of the dty plant, the installation and commissioning of equipment, and the construction of the Poy plant this year.
Profit forecasting and rating The physical layout of the large-scale refining projects, i.e., the “buy-in” rating is maintained.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report