In-depth study of the new age of intelligence, Global Security, 08/08/2019.
In 2017, the size of the domestic security market was about $600 billion, in 2020, and in 2017, the company's share in the global video surveillance market was 22.6 per cent, seven consecutive.
The company’s “three-step” overseas strategy has reached the level of “3.0” to achieve global resource allocation by actively optimizing marketing services and strengthening overseas logistics. Performance growth is robust, with 10 billion investment plans ensuring sustainable growth.
According to the information disclosed by the company, it is planned to invest 10 billion in a series of research and development centers and production bases that will guarantee the company’s future sustainable growth. The country’s three major industries are gradually being restructured, and the arcloud letters are being consolidated.
The company adapts its domestic operations to three major industries: pbg, ebg, and smbg. pbg, with aicloud at its core, to create a large urban data platform and empower it to apply its wisdom: ebg for business users to offer products and solutions centred on video networking and i-vision technology; and smbg based on
One, big data, building an integrated and integrated service platform to meet the needs of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) users for an overall upgrading of visual management. Companies propose a structure for “cloud centres, marginal areas, marginal nodes” to create an open platform with a “cloud-side” computing architecture and a “fibre integration” data architecture.
Intelligent home-driven innovation, continued expansion of the al-plus border, and rapid growth of the company's innovative business, gradually forming the fluorescent network (intelligent home), the Haikang robots, the sea.
New businesses like Quan Motors Electronics, Haekkang Smart Storage, Hae-kwan's Photo, and Hae-kwan's microfilm provide a new impetus for companies to sustain their growth. In 2018, innovation generated 2,697 million yuan, an increase of 62.96 per cent, of which smart households received 1,637 million yuan, or more than 60 per cent.
As policies, such as snowwork, continue to be driven, and as the ai+ security continues to fall, domestic security needs continue to grow. Smart household operations start to grow, leading to rapid growth in innovation. Corporate macroeconomic development is expected to fall short of expectations, overseas markets are not expanding as expected due to non-market factors, and core parts and components are expected.
Supply risk, innovative business development, increased risks due to competition, etc. Sea Conway, all known as the Hangzhou High Conway Digital Technology Co. Ltd., established in 2001 and listed in 2010 at a stock market, is now ranked first among all the companies on the small and medium-sized enterprise (SME) board. Companies are the leading global players.
Ihsmarkit, a global video surveillance information service report published every year, reports that the company's video surveillance industry has been number one worldwide for seven years, and the company's primary business in the first three years of a&s Safety Automation's “Global Security 50” ranking.
The audio-video compressor card on the back end of frequency surveillance has evolved over a decade into a video-centric smartness network solution and big data service provider. The company’s business consists of two major sections, traditional and innovative, with core technology such as video decoding, video image processing, visual audio data storage, and cloud computing.
Foreground technologies such as big data, in-depth learning, specialized and disaggregated products, ivm smart management solutions and big data services for a wide range of industries such as public security, transport, justice, human rights, finance, energy and smart buildings.
The company’s traditional business already covers all major equipment of the video surveillance system, including front-end audio products, back-end audio products, central control devices, and other products. The front-end equipment consists mainly of cameras (collecting audio signals) and dvs (compressing and encoded audio signals): the back-end equipment consists mainly of video recorders (recording and storing audio messages).
) Central control equipment consists mainly of centralized control equipment (control, retrieval, and display of visual audio signals), vms software, and central storage equipment: other products include products in a series of major security areas such as door closures, alarm alarms, video-talking, etc. Building on powerful video technology, companies began to deploy and develop innovative operations in 2013 to extend their operations to intelligence.
The home-based industries (nameed “finderstone”), robotics, car electronics, medical care, storage, and thermal imaging, among others, provide a solid basis for sustained development. The rate of Māori has slowed down over the years, reaching 44.85%, an increase of 0.85 percentage points from the previous year.
A bit of planning to move things forward steadily, keeping the business as a whole going well, keeping the business as a whole steady pace, moving the business as a whole, and moving the business as an innovation. Dismantling the product shows that the company has two main components: traditional business, including front-end products, back-end products, central control products, engineering works, and others, while the innovation business is mainly run by "Yings"
Over the past three years, traditional business has continued to grow steadily, with a steady increase in the Maori rate and a good growth momentum. At the same time, there has been an upswing in innovation, with strong growth momentum and potential.
Figure 4: Traditional business development. Companies ' strong profitability can be seen from roe. Roe rose rapidly after listing. Since 2013, it has remained at a high level, with a high level of roe spread in 2018, at 30.2 per cent.
By further breaking down the company’s traditional business, it can be seen that the growth of all types of products has been steady. At the end of the company’s business, the front-end business has increased in size as the company’s business continues to grow, and in 2018 it was already in the camp.
The share of front-end operations has stabilized in recent years, with 48.32 per cent received. Figure 8: Fore-end product receipts. For back-end and centre-controlled products, the Māori rate has remained at around 50 per cent, while for other products, the Māori ratio has been maintained at around 50 per cent.
The Māori rate for corporate innovation has remained at around 40%. Of this, the “finderstone” for smart households, which in 2018 received $1.637 billion, or 60.7% of the 2,697 million dollars in innovative business, was corporate.
Other innovations, such as robotics, auto electronics, medical care, continued high levels of R & D investment in 2016, and 10 billion investment plans to strengthen the foundation of development.
Industry trends, R & D and technology reserves for new products in areas such as artificial intelligence, intelligence networking, etc., have been fully costed over the years. Over the last three years, the ratio of corporate R & D inputs and receipts has continued to rise, reaching $4,483 million in 2018, an increase of 40.34 per cent, representing 8.99 per cent of operating income.
The company’s research and development team has grown steadily to 16010 people in recent years in line with innovation. We believe that the company’s performance has continued to grow, largely as a result of the company’s constant maintenance and expansion of its technological leadership, and the rapid transformation of its technological advantages into product advantages, leading to industry development.
The company now has three major manufacturing bases in Hangzhou, Wuhan, and Chongqing, and has continued to promote the expansion of the company’s operations in order to ensure a steady and rapid growth of the company’s operations.
In the long run, the cost of integrated robot applications is not only less than the cost of individual labor, but also less than the cost of a single labor.
According to the company’s annual report, by the end of 2017, the company had imported more than 800 “gazette” robots, reducing its human costs by about 50%, and increasing its efficiency by nearly 80%. At the same time, in order to achieve sustainable development, the company is actively investing more in research and development and in improving its productive capacity.
On September 23, 2017, the company disclosed a 10 billion-scale development investment plan for the Midwest, involving the construction of six technology/production parks, with a total investment of about 10,436 million yuan, forming a network of research and development centres in Hangzhou, with a central focus on radiation in the Midwest.
The company announced in January 2019 that it would build a science park in Chengzhou to promote its research and development in the areas of video technology, video applications, etc. 1.3 Equity structures and subsidiaries
According to the latest data disclosed by the company, the shareholders in the company are currently the China-China-Heacon Group, with a share of 39.09%, and the corporate representative and chairman are Mr. Chen Zongyuan, one of the founders of the company. The actual control of the company is China Electronics Technology Group Ltd. According to the information disclosed in the company's semi-annual report of 2019, the China-China Electronic Technology Group passed the match.
At the beginning of the company, the investor Gon Yong Jia, as Deputy Chairman and Director, currently holds 13.43% of the shares, the second largest shareholder in the department, another founder, Hu Yongzhung, as Director and Managing Director, holds 1.95% of the shares directly, and the employees hold 4.82% and 1.95% of the shares in the platform Xinjiang and Xinjiang Pukang, respectively.
The company’s management and shareholder structure are stable, ensuring that the company’s strategy for sound operation and development is advanced, creating favourable conditions for further innovation in research and development. According to data disclosed in the company’s annual report in 2018, companies that are included in the consolidated statements have limited technology in Hekangway, Hangzhou.
Companies such as the Hangzhou Haikangway Visual Systems Technology Ltd., affiliated companies such as the Lake Senseng Steak Smart Technology Division, the United Hangzhou Science and Technology Ltd., and the Xi Guanghai General Assembly Data Technology Ltd., etc. 1.4 Equity Incentives and Dividends
In 2012, the company developed an incentive plan, valid for 10 years, in principle, two years between awards, with four equity incentives to date, including that year. In December 2018, the company awarded 121 million shares of restricted shares to 6095 incentive recipients. The company ' s outstanding ability to grow ensured the implementation of equity incentives.
It has further refined the corporate governance structure, mobilized core staff, attracted and retained core staff, ensured the stability and development of research and development teams, and supported companies in achieving strategic goals and long-term sustainable development.
One billion dollars, with a share rate of 49.41 per cent. 2. Taking the opportunity, leading the tide, 2.1 market space is huge and the global leader is strong.
The global security market is large and continues to grow in size as the international situation complicates and public demand for security continues to rise. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the global security market was estimated at $27.58 billion in 2018, an increase of 7.32% compared to the previous year, and is expected to reach $352.6 billion by 2022 and 2017-2022.
China is now one of the most important security markets in the world. Starting with Project 3111 in 2005, China has embarked on a strategic design at the top level of national security and social stability.
According to data from the China Safety and Security Industry Association, the domestic security market has grown from 235 billion yuan in 2010 to 49 billion yuan in 2015, and the cagr to 16% in 2017.
According to the SAC, by 2020, the domestic security market will be about 800 billion yuan, with more than 10% of the value added during the "13th Five" period, and 250 billion yuan will be added twice in a document, and snowwork will bring a new blue sea market to the development of the security sector.
In September 2015, nine ministries issued a joint opinion on the use of the Internet for the enhancement of video surveillance for public safety, and the snowlight project began to spread throughout the country.
The project was launched to sink security further into the village, consolidate and extend the entire scope of the Skynet project and the video surveillance project, and continue to build the national security system. In 2018 and 2019, the Snowlight Project was written into Central Document I, which amply demonstrates the importance the Government attaches to the construction of the Snowlight Project and also means the Safe Village.
It is planned that, by 2020, the national public safety video surveillance system will be largely implemented with a network application of “global coverage, full-network sharing, full-time availability, full-time control”. Table 6: Specific elements of the four objectives
Source: Opinions on the use of video surveillance for strengthening public security, the National Yuan Securities Research Centre, the Xueqiang Project, through the construction of IMCs at the county, commune and village levels, has extended security measures to the public, and has mobilized community forces and the general public to watch video surveillance and participate in security measures in order to ensure security.
Overall, the equipment procured is divided into three main components: first, front-end video equipment and surveillance network construction; second, back-end video information storage support platform; and third, video application large screen synthesis figure 21: Snowlight engineering system map
In 2018, the market for the construction of snowworks rose to an explosion, with snowworks covering billions of yuan, 2,794 million yuan, 255.34% and 333.07% of the year-on-year growth compared to the city of Peace. The construction of snowworks is expected to accelerate, and demand will be released much faster.
China has more than 660 cities and nearly 3,000 counties, and if all of these sites are built gradually and completely, conservation estimates will create a 30-50 billion yuan/year incremental market. According to China’s security industry network, almost half of the snowworks are now in place throughout the country, with a view to ensuring that by 2020 there will be almost “global coverage, total Internet coverage”
The goal of sharing, full-time availability, full-time control, the other half of the mission will need to be completed within the next two years, with low demand and low penetration of domestic video surveillance, with much more room available. From a product point of view, video surveillance is the largest market in the secure market. Video surveillance will take place as the light works continue and the construction of a safe city accelerates.
According to data from the Institute of Pre-Observation Industries, the market for video surveillance products is expected to reach 1,558 billion yuan in 2020, and to reach 190 billion yuan in 2023.
The low camera penetration and uneven regional development provide ample room for development of the domestic video surveillance market. There is still a significant gap between the number of video surveillance per 1,000 population, compared to the developed countries. According to ISR data, the United States and the United Kingdom had 96 per 1,000 population in 2016.
And 75 per thousand people, compared to 59 per thousand in Beijing, which is only 80% of the United Kingdom average, and 60% of the United States over the same period. The average number of video surveillance cameras per 1,000 of the top 10 cities selected was 35, or 36.5% of the United States.
The number of cameras per person in the country is still better. From the global market, the company’s leader is well established.
The Global Video Surveillance Information Service Report 2019, based on data from 2018, has a total market share of 65.1 per cent of the world ' s top15 producers, with industry congregates to the head, and the Matthews effect is evident. According to the Global Video Surveillance Market Report, published in June 2018, the data from 2017 is the basis for statistics.
The company's market share was 22.6 per cent, an increase of 1.2 per cent from the previous year, and the seventh consecutive year (2011-2017) was the first in a three-year series of companies to “better global security 50” in 2016-2018. 2.2 “Three-step” development planning for overseas global markets
Companies insist on building their own brands and providing deep, global home-grown services. For more than a decade, the inter-state map has been expanding and the international reach has been increasing. The company began its campaign abroad in 2007 and, after more than a decade of internationalization, has shown a remarkable performance. Overseas revenues reached $14.99 billion in 2018, which is 2010.
In 2007, the company proposed a “internationalization 1.0” strategy, i.e., to reach out and expand overseas markets. From oem (degas) to input-building of autonomous brands, the company takes full advantage of its value-for-money advantage to obtain customer resources, with the main objective being to:
In 2014, companies proposed a “internationalization 2.0” strategy, i.e. localization of marketing and service providers, localization of brand positioning, marketing and warehousing services.
By the end of 2018, there were 44 overseas branches of the company, which were important players in the promotion of local marketing services and brands.
In 2017, companies proposed a “3.0” strategy to achieve global resource allocation. Companies will follow the path of globalization and continue to focus on the accumulation of core technologies, further optimize marketing and service networks, and strengthen overseas logistics. Figure 29: The three-step strategy for corporate internationalization
Companies have offered to follow the trend of globalization, go around technological innovation, strengthen their own branding, and they have offered to “go out” overseas.
Effective global resource allocation, strategy, customized advantages, good corporate-driven "localized" overseas development
The strategy is to build a network of marketing services and localize marketing and service providers.
In 2016, the company acquired the UK’s old-fashioned alarm company, shl, which created favourable conditions for the company’s rapid construction of a research and development centre and supply chain in Europe. In 2017, the company developed a manufacturing capacity for overseas production in Indian factories in Montreal, and more effectively guaranteed the supply of products from overseas markets.
Table 7: Major corporate developments abroad in recent years. Companies have continued to improve their marketing and services and have established global networks. In 2018, they established five new subsidiaries in Mexico, Panama, Pakistan, Peru, Israel, a new branch in the Philippines, and a new branch in Ho Chi Minh City.
One office. The number of branches of companies abroad has increased to 44, creating marketing networks covering more than 100 countries and regions around the world, selling autonomous brand products to more than 150 countries and territories, overseas marketing services networks, and the Asia-Pacific region will be the fastest growing region in the future in terms of video surveillance markets.
Video surveillance markets in some of Europe's developed countries as a whole have matured, with the main future growth points being more newer generations and domestic demand; and the growing demand in Asia and the Pacific, particularly in India and South-East Asia, for security markets, is likely to be the fastest growing region in the future, based on forward-looking industries, as a result of the development and advancement of “one-way” strategies.
According to the Institute ' s data, the size of the video surveillance market in the Asia-Pacific region will reach $18.6 billion in 2020, and the three major clusters will be reorganized from product sales to solutions in 2015-2020 2.3.
Industry, which can classify traditional business products as front-end products, back-end products, central control equipment, and other products, which account for 48.3 per cent, 13.6 per cent, 14.7 per cent and 13.4 per cent of receipts, respectively.
As the company does not directly disclose the collection data for the solution, we analyze it on the basis of data from the Friends of China Annual Report 2018, which is about 1.25 times the amount of the product collected, while the Māori rate is also high.
3.82 percentage points shows that the solution will bring more added value to the company. As a large manufacturer with product and system integration capabilities, the company has been upgrading existing products since 2009 to provide a holistic solution based on the needs of its customers, which will provide the company with greater profit space to achieve its own benefits.
The company's solution now covers the seven major industries of public security, transport, justice, finance, human rights, energy, and buildings, and vertically vertically in more than 40 sub-sectors. The company's restructuring of the traditional seven departments of enterprise is one of three.
Reorganisation of resources to group domestic operations into public service groups pbg, enterprise groups ebg, small and medium-sized enterprise groups smbg, based on the traditional seven departments and channel distribution management, with different business strategies to provide different products and solutions.
; ebg offers products and solutions for business users centred on video networking and ai visual awareness technology to enable industry users to upgrade intelligent industries centred on aiot; smbg is based on ai, big data, building cloud trading, security services, saas applications.
Integrated service platforms to meet the demand of small and medium-sized enterprise users for a full upgrade to visual business management. Figure 36: Business restructuring of companies.
On the basis of the unified data environment system, and on the basis of the support of the application software, it is based on the application software.
Builds application systems, connecting applications to a system through in-house data sharing and collaboration. Union intelligence sensors are responsible for live visualization of messages such as audio signals, alarm signals, human faces, vehicles, smart terminal features, etc., to provide the original signal source for the entire video information management system.
Collect data on basic personnel, housing, vehicles, time, etc., for primary comprehensive management, and provide the government with the most basic information, a network of tertiary vertical services and marketing services, and strengthen pre-sale and post-sale services. Companies continue to strengthen marketing and service networks to reduce the middle of information transmission. Companies have established a global network in Hangzhou and major overseas regions.
Client service centres, subsidiary customer services departments, and a three-tier vertical service system of authorized customer service stations. Through the company ' s global resource allocation and layout, by the end of 2018, in mainland China, the company had 32 provincial operations centres/first-tier sub-units; outside China, the company established 44 sales branches and authorized maintenance centres
2.4 With the advent of smart security, the integration of alcloud creations benefits from the rapid maturity of the visual technology of the one machine and the gradual development of the security industry towards intellectual security, with the use of the other technique for pre-emptive and in-the-counter identification, which not only significantly reduces human costs but also further improves efficiency.
In recent years, there has been an increase in the number of local al+ security projects. With the further integration of ai technology and video surveillance, market demand will no longer be confined to security, but will extend to areas such as production, health, retailing, education, finance, and automobiles, thus opening up a wider market space.
With the advancement of projects such as the City of Peace, the City of Wisdom, and the Snowlight Project, surveillance cameras have spread across the streets and alleys, but according to data from the Institute of Foresight Industries in 2018, there are currently about 50 million cameras in China every year.
But there are only about half a million smart cameras in use, a rate of only 1%, and the country's smart security is just moving ahead with computing, with margin computing becoming a necessity. Traditional big video data, analysis of most of the post-stage or cloud end, is done, but in some specific settings, computing needs to be pre-positioned. As chip technology matures and calculates.
, the front end of the camera must have the ability to calculate, that is to say, the edge. The camera can complete the front end with adult face collection, recognition, license recognition, voice recognition, direct transmission of the edged data to the back end. It can significantly reduce the pressure on the network and the computing pressure on the cloud, allowing for prior warning, in-the-fact adjudication, and more applications.
In 2017, the company pioneered a three-tier structure for arcloud edge nodes, margins, cloud centres. The three-tier architecture is based on the idea of: marginal perception, needs-based convergence, multilayered perception, hierarchical application. alclaud's calculation structure can be summarized as “clomatic convergence”. From a computational point of view, the edge nodes focus on multiple dimensions.
Perceptive data collection and front-end intelligent applications, marginal domain focus on sensory data convergence and intelligent applications, cloud centre focus on cross-net data integration and macro-integrated applications, which make full use of marginal computing capabilities, which can form a data structure of trans-net cloud alclud that can be summarized as “fibre integration”. From a data point of view, only intelligent objects can be networked.
In aicloud, the marginal nodes and marginal domains are located in smart matter networks, the cloud is located in smart goods networks or information networks, and the data are integrated horizontally across networks, vertically across layers.
Based on an intelligent application platform, three types of applications could be developed: single-scenario applications, space-time applications and macro integration. In 2018, the company released alcloud “two pools, one pool, four table” software products based on the computing architecture of the “crowding” and continued to deepen the implementation of the data architecture of the “fibre integration” in practice, which will “two pools, one pool, four”.
The platform is further integrated into the "Intelligent Integration Data Platform." At the same time, around the alcloud architecture, companies deepen and refine the layout of hardware production lines at marginal nodes, marginal areas, and cloud centres, with three-tier structures that are fully enriched with hardware products.
The technological breakthroughs in structure, intelligence, etc. have led to the formation of a rich family of ai products, including a series of products such as light intelligence, pan-intelligent intelligence, complete structure, intelligent black light, and combined intelligence. Back-end products have continued to evolve in the fields of ai, big data, integration storage, etc., leading to significant improvements in ai accuracy, performance, and integration applications and levels.
The company launched the iOpen platform to help upgrade the industry. The iOpen platform provides a complete flow service from demand to application to help ai land in the real economy. The first purpose of the iOpen platform is to help customers based on zero algorithms develop their own industry smart algorithms. The platform has three characteristics, one being that it can be based on a small amount of data.
Generate algorithms; II can automatically achieve algorithm training, compilation, optimization and deployment, combined with seacomm applications, and achieve continuous data collection and algorithm model overlap optimization; III. The second purpose of the IED platform is to provide a suitable intellectual hardware product and solution for third-party partners
Figure 46: Product-opening platforms and, at the same time, companies have developed a unified software technology architecture that shifts software development from a “market demand-driven” development model
Changed to a development model “Market demand pull and technology planning drive” to address a range of issues such as product integration, version upgrades, duplicate development arising from fragmentation of business scenes. Figure 47: Harmonized software technology architecture
In the case of the company ' s drug company gmp compliance management solution, the gmp regulatory system uses the "video+ai" technique as an alternative to traditional manual supervision, collecting photographic material from the workshop, importing the seacomai open platform for self-motivation training to create smart algorithm models and continuously optimizing, based on the ai identification technology, for critical areas of production line
Personal behaviour and materials are placed for real-time surveillance and smart warning to ensure the safety of medicines production. Figure 48: Infractional intellectual surveillance map of production line personnel, alcloud, based on four layers of open capacity, builds an open system.
Open access, open data resources, open platform services, and open application interfaces have created a complete open system. With these four layers of openness, alcloud can bring multidimensional data together, create an eco-coalition of smart algorithms, and lower the threshold for application development and accelerate application landing.
Figure 49: Alcloud Open Systems creates two types of rings for products and services. The alcloud platform brings together partners and service partners from around the world, including equipment manufacturers, algorithms, application developers, and soft foundations.
Vendors, including security service providers, data service providers, transport operators, and technical regulatory teams, work together to create two types of rings for products and services, make more algorithms work for users in a unified platform, allow more teams to quickly develop applications to meet user business needs, public safety, transportation, justice, etc.
Users in education, energy, finance, business, and real estate create value. Faced with the fragmentation of ai applications and the growing demand for integrated solutions, the aicloud power-opening platform brings together different partners in the biosphere, bringing arithmetic advantages to businesses and data.
In cooperation with other enterprises, the synergies of the “1+1>2” were created, together with the development of an industrial eco-system that promotes the application of artificial intelligence to the land.
3. Active innovation, and the future of the company, which began to develop innovative business in 2013 to develop new business such as video technology-based fluorescent networks (intelligent home), seacom robots, seacom cars electronics, seacomm intellectual storage, seacommage, seacoat microfilms, seacombs, etc.
In 2018, the company ' s innovation business was generated at a total annual rate of 2,897 million yuan, an increase of 62.96% over the previous year, maintaining a faster pace of growth.
More than $1.6 billion, or more than 60%. The profitability of innovative business such as smart households and robots is expanding, maintaining a high rate of growth, and branding influence is gradually being built.
The product has also been transformed from a single camera into a diverse ecology that includes smart doorbells, door locks, floor sweepers.
In 2017, Iso 27001:2013 in the area of international information security was awarded as a certified enterprise in the domestic area of ipc (web-cam), and the company worked strategically with major Internet players like Kyundong, Peto, Tseng, Ali and others, covering hardware customization,
In 2017, he worked strategically with America’s smart family, bringing together products in the fields of intelligence, security, and marketing, marketing channels, product operations, and services. In 2019, the company worked with the Wang Liam Defence Technology and the Nine Shepherds Group.
The fluorescent network has built up a complete family security solution using a rich product line. Using such technologies as smart hardware, Internet cloud services, artificial intelligence (ai) and robotics, product lines are gradually extended to smart locks, smart cats, etc.
On the basis of the product, fluorescents provide a package of products, create a holistic solution for smart families, and build a home-wide smart home system with video technology at its core. For example, when emergencies such as leaking water in the user’s home, burning, etc., the sensor transmits the message through the smart door locks.
The company builds a fluorescent cloud platform to link up the big matter network, making it easier for households and business users to manage end-of-end monitoring. The fluorescent cloud allows for the collection, transmission, storage, and depth of data from the audio-visual network.
By the end of 2018, it had access to 40 million volumes of equipment, and by the end of 2018, it had access to 40 million volumes of equipment.
30 million Quantitative Users provide a stable, continuous and comprehensive video-based service to users around the world. Figure 55: The Amphibious Clouds platform continues to improve the overall solutions for home and family-like homes, building a safe-centred and intelligent iot ecology.
In May 2019, Shicmo Guo set out for the first time the fluorescent "1+4+n" smart living iot ecology, “1" means the fluorescent cloud video app, and “4” refers to four types of hardware equipment developed autonomously by the flint, including smart surveillance, smart access, smart control, smart robots, “n” means the cooperative ecology of the n seed system, including smart lighting, smart video,
Based on the fluorescent cloud platform, the company has also developed an open platform to open its basic services to a variety of external applications.
By the end of 2018, the world had 30,000 + cooperating partners, applied 5,000 + to active connections, and initially built open and shared video cloud ecosystems.
Arithmetic markets provide smart analysis services that help users to call for analysis of big amounts of data. With the surge in access to the Open Services stand, video data are becoming huge, and clients are spending a lot of effort using them. In response to these pains, they publish the Open Platform Video Smart Analysis Service, through open access.
Video content testing, human face testing, human face search, vehicle identification, human attributes identification, etc., enhances developers' information efficiency and extends access to information. These individuals empower the cloud service behind the camera to “think” in the form of algorithmic training, making the platform open.
Industry partners can use the services of the Firestone Cloud Platform in more scenarios. Figure 58: Use of smart analysis.
The defense industry is currently the fastest hit by artificial intelligence and the larger market space. In recent years, major players in other industries, as well as new algorithms and start-ups, have been active in setting up smart security industries.
In the medium-to-long term, the market space in the security sector will be significantly expanded by intelligence, and major manufacturers are expected to seek different competitive ideas for their own development. We believe that traditional security providers and new entrants each have advantages and, in the short term, pose a threat to traditional security providers, but are not yet in a state of competition for "you live."
China creates smart security solutions that combine multidisciplinary advantages and gradually shape the industry. It binds pearls in the fields of computing, connectivity, storage, cloudization, intelligence, etc., to create an intelligent security solution called "All Clouds, All-Intelligents, All-Screen" that will decouple to the end, move intelligence throughout the country, and spread data across the cloud.
On August 8, 2019, at the launch of the Smart Security Strategy for the Future,
The content of the smart security strategy for the release of the new brand, "huawaeiholosens", and the industry's first intellectual and visual cloud platform, holosensivs3800, and the industry's most arithmetic camera, holosensdcx2382- "2+4+n" smart security strategy, is that it's smart security based on "2 series"
Chips, “4 true” with real data, real intelligence, real openness, real security, etc., crosses the industrial development divide and joins the “n-economy partnership” to move intelligent security into a thousand jobs. At present, China’s strategic entry into the security sector is expected to have a greater impact on the industry’s pattern, which deserves market attention.
Alibaba: In the field of technology, security and security. Alibaba acquired 15% of technology in May with $3.595 billion, smart traffic and security, and Alibaba, as the second largest shareholder of technology, has stepped into the core of the security sector.
The field is well-structured and can be an important vehicle for the brain and numeracy of the city of Aliun, helping Ali to achieve further completion. Figure 60: In 2018, the city's brain optimizes the city's public resources by using the full amount of urban data resources in real time and by immediately amending the city's public resources.
It is a three-fold breakthrough in urban governance patterns, service models, and industrial development. Circumcision: three aspects are invested in research and development, with security as an important strategic application for the company.
It focuses on computer visual research and cooperates with the Public Security Bureau of the province and city to export technology to intellectual policing; the United Laboratory for Security and Safety launched the Eagle Eye system, among others, and joined forces with public security, telecommunications, banks, etc. to combat cyber-fraud; and The Clouds for Smart Security Control solution.
100 degrees: Use human face recognition technology to cut into the field of security. A civilian security product was launched in 2014 and is now being placed under security surveillance, which includes human face recognition techniques that allow accurate identification of human faces in a static library, in a dynamic video stream, and integrate human face tracking and capture, real-time containment, large-scale manipulation, and monitoring.
Large-scale human face retrieval and matching capabilities that provide complete, easy-to-use, system-wide solutions. It also enables comprehensive layout, real-time monitoring of public places, and is flexible enough to match multiple human face tracking, area-specific layout, and face-specific solutions.
Liveness test. Identity card ocr human face quality test.
Provides off-line live detection, custom-made detection, effective identification of positive and negative text information on identity cards, light, blurry, mask, gestures on human faces
Provides one-to-one comparison of the best-performing human face of the industry.
Quick real-time testing, and capture of the mass . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Finishing a screenshot of the best human face, a large number of AI algorithms entering the field of security, competing for the security cakes of the 'ai' era.
Artificial intelligence techniques are accelerating their integration into the field of security, especially in the case of facial recognition, which is widely used for security purposes, and as demand for installation continues to grow and new technologies for ai and big data are growing, new applications are emerging, new products are becoming more sophisticated, and intelligent market boundaries are constantly being used.
The size of the Iai+An software and hardware market was 13.5 billion yuan a year, an increase of nearly 250 per cent over the same year, and the overall market share of the computer visual enterprises represented by the ai four dragons (business, technology, technology, technology, technology, and cloud from technology) was met with the introduction of the Senseface 3.0 platform and the city-level ultra-distributed video analysis platform.
Sensefoundry's City-level Visual Open Platform, which builds the "al+Advanced" matrix. The main intellectual security product of technology is the Smart Eye, which focuses on computer visualization, monitors the device's eyes by camera, and combines images with large vehicle platforms to build the respective security systems of cities and industries.
The technology's ai+a solution, using its human face information data advantages and human face recognition technological advantages, automatically transmits video footage taken in real time to a comparison of clouds via human intelligence. Clouds from technology, mainly from public security, counter-terrorism, effective population control, and blockage of three panels in the field of security, and strengthens the presence of traditional security plants.
Corporate business is divided into two broad categories: traditional business and innovative business, which can be broken down into five subcategories: front-end, back-end, central control, engineering and other traditional business, and innovative business can be divided into two subcategories: smart household business and other innovative business.
Traditional business: As policy inputs, such as snowwork, have increased domestic demand for civilian security, the public sector has continued to expand in overseas markets, and the share of domestic and global markets has been rising year by year. We believe that the company ' s traditional industry accounts for 48.3 per cent of total annual revenue, considering that there is still much room for video surveillance penetration in the country, the front end market.
It is hoped that more needs will be released, and that the business will not be the focus of the company in the future, and will remain within the range of 0.5% over the next three years. Other traditional business growth will be stable, combined with the rate of compound growth in the last three years (18.39%)
Added value, we believe that the level of the company’s traditional Māori business can be maintained at a reasonable level over the next three years. 2. Innovative business: innovation accounted for 5.41 per cent of the company’s total revenue in 2018 and currently accounts for a relatively small share, but it is high.
We think that the rapid growth of innovation will continue to be driven by smart-house business, and that among the publicly listed companies in the country, China shares, technology, technology, and technology, Kodak, Suzhou, are the same or close to what the company is doing, so we've chosen these four companies as comparable companies.
According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the global security market size will reach 6.5% in 2017-2022, and is still in a fast-growing cycle. According to the SNSA, the domestic security market will reach around $80 billion by 2020, with more than 10% in the period of the 13th Five-Year Plan, accompanied by policies such as snowwork.
The company's traditional business is well under way, pushing for rapid and sustained growth of solutions, the start-up of smart-house business, leading to innovation, the company's industrial position, its operating income over the next three years, and the growth of its net profit on maternity, combined with the company's growth over the past three years.
Macroeconomics are less than expected, affecting overall security demand. Policy is not moving as fast as expected, and landings like snowwork are not moving as fast as expected.
Owing to factors such as the uncertain political and economic environment abroad and the risk of exchange rate fluctuations, trade frictions in overseas operations may have a negative impact on the supply of key parts of the company.
6. In the era of the other industries, the big players and innovative algorithms entered the industry to compete, and the authors of the traditional anti-security plants, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Association of China, presented the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment reports were based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis was based on the professional integrity and professional competence of the authors, and the report clearly and accurately reflected my research views and adopted them.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.