The company has gradually moved towards a variety of innovations based on video decoding and aicloud architecture since 2015, as it is a leading player in security video surveillance in mainland China.
Business expansion and good results. After 2018, companies faced various challenges, including the impact of the United States Government's Defense Authorization Act and the weakening of government procurement as a result of the domestic macroeconomic slowdown, but the company responded positively to changes in the industry, and we thought it was still good.
Good development prospects and the value of investment. Three main aspects are: In the short term, demand for government and business procurement has been gradually released: macroeconomic slowdown in 2018 as a whole, resulting in lower spending on inputs by local governments and large enterprises, especially State-owned enterprises, and hence from the second half of the year.
It's starting to affect the domestic demand for the security sector. But after entering, especially at the end of the second quarter of 2019, and in the face of increased demands for a safe environment and the gradual easing of government funding, we can see that the security sector, which is dominated by video surveillance, is warming up.
For the industry’s leading business, it has a clear advantage in terms of access to government and large clients, and we believe that the recovery of public demand is a desirable change in the short term. In the medium term, the security of artificial intelligence is about to rise in the size of the market: the security of video surveillance industry.
The global market is still expected to maintain a two-digit overall growth, showing a good trend. In the course of industry development, after a simulation of the evolution to numbers, to figures, to high levels of clarity, the current industry is moving from high clearance to artificial intelligence, from “see” to “see” and then “see”.
You know the process. In the ongoing process of technology-intensive evolution of the industry, the competitive advantage of the industry will be much greater.
There is an increase in client stickyness, enhanced by soft customization. Whether global advanced-country-led security trends or the evolution of three major engineering-driven security technologies in the country, the industry position of leading firms is expected to be strengthened, and there are good opportunities to benefit from Haekangway’s vision.
In the long run, the traditional security industry has infiltrated the pan-security field: the core of security video surveillance is the ability to collect and process optical information, and optical applications are permeating to include smart households, smart cars, intelligent logistics, and the use of the Internet.
In a number of markets, such as industrial visualization, security technology has moved beyond the traditional public security, transport, etc., to a full penetration of the general security markets.
Haekangway: Traditional security, growth, innovative business periods, 1 billion yuan in revenue and profits in 2017, while logistics, storage, industrial visuals are growing rapidly. We believe that companies have developed through more than 16,000 R & D teams.
Heaconway: The security industry is so hot that the leading firms are about to build up adequate technological reserves and have achieved considerable results in the channel market, so that companies can open up new opportunities for growth in the process of monitoring the evolution of the new applications market.
Heaconway: Remarkable performance growth, smart innovation, has had a dramatic impact on corporate profitability; overseas markets are not as well affected as expected by national policies and trade policies; new products are not expanding as expected.
I. Core investment logic: security upgrades, innovation to lead the future, Heconway is a leading company in security video surveillance in mainland China. Since 2011, the global video surveillance market, which has been selected since ihs, has maintained its first position. Since 2015, companies have gradually moved towards video-based decoding and aicloud
In 2018, as macro-economic and trade disputes, both domestic and foreign, gradually changed, firms were facing changes in industry, both in international markets, influenced by the United States Government's “Defence Authorization Act” and in domestic operations from industry to business grouping (pbg, ebg, smbg).
The transformation of the three branches of business, with companies responding positively to changes in the industry, is still, in our view, a leader in the industry market, with good growth potential in view of trends in industry, including short-, medium- and long-term growth logic, as follows:
On the basis of the above development expectations, investment proposals are based on income splits based mainly on products and regions, measured in conjunction with Māori rates, R & D inputs, etc. For valuation, we use the relative valuation, the absolute valuation reference method, where the relative valuation is mainly based on pe from the domestic share market and industry comparable companies, combined with pb.
The absolute valuation uses corporate opfcf and fcfe as a reference. Division profitability: overseas markets are affected by national policies and trade policies that are not as expected: new product operations are not expanding as expected.
The company was formally listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises Board in May 2010, following the reform of the stock system in July 2008. The company has been based since its inception on the application of video-based processing technology, mainly in the area of surveillance and surveillance, and has gradually been decoding and decoding on video-based basis since 2015.
Since 2018, the company ' s domestic market management model has been gradually moving towards the three main clusters of operations: pbg (Community of Services), ebg (Community of Enterprises), and smbg (Small and Medium Enterprises). (i) The company ' s historical evolution and equity structure
From its inception until 2007, the company mainly provided video surveillance back-end equipment, such as hard disk video recorders and cardboards. Since 2008, the company has expanded the industry chain to front-end video products, such as surveillance cameras.
In November of the same year, the company launched a video surveillance industry solution, steadily moving toward product and industry solutions providers. In May 2012, the ihs study showed that Heconway was the first country to see a global video surveillance market in 2011.
In 2014, companies launched the Internet video business to further strengthen the development and launch the cloud storage service, while companies, in collaboration with companies such as Batj, accelerated the layout of Internet operations. In 2015, for the first time, innovative business concepts were introduced and core staff and innovative business mechanisms were put in place.
In 2016, the company defined itself as a provider of video-centred, networked solutions that provide secure, visualized management and big data services to the world. In 2017, Heconway saw a trend in cloud-side integration leading intelligent applications, and pioneered them.
Aicloud’s three-tier architecture of marginal nodes, edges, cloud centres will boost artificial intelligence development and applications in the field of object networking. In the same year, one of the corporate innovations was sold out over a billion dollars on the Internet for the first time. In 2018, companies made corresponding changes at the internal structure level to adapt to the new industrial environment and business layout, dividing domestic operations.
The company has moved from a simple security firm to a full range of product and solution providers covering the security and visual management needs of the entire video surveillance industry. As the semi-annual report of 2019 revealed, the company actually controls the Chinese e-Tech Group.
Xinjiang and Xinjiang Pukang, respectively, held shares in 39.1 per cent of the company, 13.4 per cent of the shares of the Vice-Chairman of the China Electronics and Technology Group Division through full ownership, 1.95 per cent of the shares of the General Manager Hu Yangzheng, and 4.82 per cent and 1.95 per cent of the shares of the senior management of the company.
(ii) Main battalion business analysis: security video anchoring, innovative product expansion, company major business for security video surveillance of the alcloud infrastructure and the innovative business community.
Point focuses on multi-dimensional perception data collection and front-end intelligence processing: marginal domain focuses on sensor data convergence, storage, processing and intelligent applications: Cloud Center focuses on business data integration and large data multi-dimensional analysis applications. Products under the company ' s aicloud structure include front-end products, back-end products, display products, door-ban alarm products, smart traffic products, and transmission products.
Innovative operations include sea-commstone Internet operations, sea-comms robots, auto electrons, sea-comm storage, and sea-comm. The main products include active defensive cameras, fluorescent cloud platforms, mobile robots, industrial cameras, drones, smart and rear-visit smart walkers, car recorders, vehicle-car-car-smart surveillance systems, products with ssd as a carrier, non-refrigerated infrared sensors, etc.
Table 2: Profile of main product lines aicloud front-end products, such as the "Sights" series of smart cameras, etc.;
Backend products: e.g. Falcon Video Cloud Structure Service display products: e.g. LCD Monitors;
Intelligent traffic products: e.g., visual trapping series; transmission products: e.g. video-ray machines, web-ray machines, etc.; innovative business ventures.
(b) Seacombs: aircraft such as the Eagle series;
Automobile electronics: e.g. smart car recorder, e.g. seacomb storage: e.g. products with ssd and storage of seacom microscopics: e.g. non-refrigerated infrared sensors, etc.
Heikangway has its headquarters in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, with a network of 33 countries and regions, including Hong Kong, the Netherlands, South Africa, India, Dubai, the United States, Canada, Brazil, Russia, Singapore, Italy, Australia, France, Spain, Poland, the United Kingdom, the Republic of Korea, Colombia, Kazakhstan and Turkey.
Corporate strategic layout aicloud architecture and innovation business two main clusters: 1) In the aicloud architecture area, companies have completed the core product layout of marginal nodes, marginal areas, cloud centres, and through technology platforms, product platforms, solutions platforms, three-pronged R & D systems in technology innovation, product innovation and programme innovation.
2. In the area of innovation, the company continues to advance its development by increasing the investment of resources, talent, etc., in new products and solutions to meet clients’ needs, and by signing strategic cooperation agreements with a number of well-known enterprises. The company ' s sales revenue for the entire year 2018 was RMB 49,844 million, an increase of 18.9 per cent over the previous year.
Longer, slower growth is due to the continued intensification of international trade disputes and domestic macroeconomic influences, which have slowed demand at both government and enterprise ends. Quarterly data show that the growth in the size of the harvest in the first quarter of 2019 was the lowest in the last three years, with income growth rebounding more sharply after the second quarter, with operating income growing at 21.5 per cent in a single quarter.
In 2017, smart household businesses were sold over a billion yuan, making a profit for the first time. The share of income in the field was 71.5%, and as a security sector with a geographical character, companies held large shares in the domestic market as mainland Chinese enterprises.
In the first half of 2019, the share of sales revenue in the domestic market was 71.0 per cent, which basically maintained its previous distribution, and while the growth of business in the North American market was difficult to sustain despite the United States Defense Authorization Act, we can see that the offshore market continued to grow at 10.3 per cent, amounting to RMB 3.80 billion, with companies in other regions.
They remain relatively competitive. While firm leaders in the domestic market are established through the construction of production bases, the expansion of the size of the workforce, and the innovation of the ai products, on the one hand, and the promotion of product and business models that meet regional development needs in developed countries and emerging markets abroad, on the other hand, with a global layout that maintains a robust business expansion that will lead to further competitiveness in the global market in the future.
2. Corporate profitability analysis The growth rate is largely due to increased profitability due to the increase in value added from the company ' s product side to the increase in smartness. Net profit growth fell significantly to 1.67% in the first half of the year in 2019, but in the second quarter of 2019, net profit growth reversed in the first quarter of the second quarter of the year.
With the gradual shift in the company’s business strategy from revenue-based to profitability on scale and demand-market demand for high-end products such as the one and face-to-face recognition, industry leaders have demonstrated stronger competitiveness, and market competition has become more benign with the winding-up of the market, with the company’s overall Māori ratio rising from season to season.
In the first half of 2019, as the share of high- and medium-end products continued to rise, the company’s Māori level increased significantly, reaching its highest Māori rate in the past five years in a single quarter.
Not to increase by 1.9, 3.3 and 2.6 percentage points on the same scale, the profitability of traditional products has increased across the board, innovative operations have expanded rapidly, with changes in product structure due to differences in domestic and foreign market demand, the Māori rate rising in the domestic market as a result of increased demand for medium-to-high-end products, while the Māori rate abroad has largely continued the downward process, and it is of concern that in the first half of the year 2019, the domestic market was able to expand rapidly.
Māori rates are significantly higher than the Māori rates in overseas markets. The shift in the company’s domestic market business model to a solution and the optimization of domestic business allocation with three groups of undertakings has allowed the domestic market to remain at a higher level of profitability.
For the most part, sustained investment in the development of overseas channels and in product innovation and development has been the main reason for higher cost-rate growth in the first half of 2019, owing to slower income growth. In terms of future strategic layouts, the business model will continue to make a greater shift from the current product to the solution.
The domestic market will be driven by three clusters: pbg (public service), ebg (business), and smbg (small and medium-sized enterprise) in order to provide customized solutions more effectively. Good results have been achieved, and companies will continue to do so, whether through endogenous or extended models.
There are good synergies between the main industries, and the value added of the customer’s viscosity and products will continue to rise in the future as companies build an integrated ecosystem of hardware, software, services, and applications. With regard to overseas markets, companies continue to expand their operations in a country-based manner, despite developments in North America and elsewhere.
While the impact of inter-State political factors is more volatile in the short term, the development of channels in Europe and emerging countries on the one hand, and the continuous upgrading of the capacity of firms to produce and technology on the other, remain competitive in global markets, and the core competitiveness of firms remains a fundamental guarantee of global expansion in the medium to long term.
The period’s net profit rate improved by 1.7 per cent, and we expect that domestic market demand will continue to be robustly released, and that the sustainability of profitability will provide a good basis for a rebound in corporate performance.
The global video surveillance industry is projected to be able to maintain a double-digit growth rate in the future, with video surveillance being a necessary input in response to various types of security incidents such as extremism, terrorism, on the one hand, and, on the other hand, in response to deliberate sabotage, video surveillance gradually penetrates industries, providing the potential for remote management capabilities and operational efficiency gains.
As one of the leading players in China's and global markets, Heikangway has benefited from an enabling environment for industrial development and, with technology, 1) the upgrading of demand-driven product markets in countries represented by safe cities, Skynet engineering, snowlight engineering, and 2) the progressive development of overseas market channels in global security markets, as well as the advancement of countries along the "one-way" strategy
Demand expansion: 3) Corporate innovation has been effectively infiltrated in innovative applications of security video surveillance products such as smart households, smart logistics, smart cars, industrial visuals, etc., and is expected to become a new growth point for companies. (i) Security upgrades drive the expansion of global video surveillance markets
The global video surveillance market is expected to experience rapid growth in the coming years. According to bis data, the global video surveillance market reached $36.64 billion in 2018, covering multiple areas such as cameras, surveillance equipment, storage equipment, software and related services, and is expected to grow by 16.1% in a composite rate of 16.1% in 2018-2023, with Asia and the Pacific accounting for the largest share of the market in 2018.
And 15.5%, despite being the world’s largest security market, North America and Asia and the Pacific are still leading the growth in demand in other regions. The Asia-Pacific video surveillance industry has grown significantly, thanks mainly to video surveillance projects promoted by countries like China and India.
In recent years, the Chinese government has continued to build infrastructure, and plans to implement nearly 300 infrastructure projects by 2020. Among these, the promotion of infrastructure projects such as “Safe City,” “Sunnet Project,” “Snowlight Project,” etc., has given rise to government scrutiny.
The high demand for frequency surveillance equipment, including the laying of new equipment and the upgrading of stocks. The terrorist attacks, as represented by the March 2014 violent terror at the Kunming railway station, and the social action of revenge, as represented by the killing of a man at the entrance to Shanghai primary school in June 2018, are also driving the public’s demand for security, thereby promoting the need for smart video surveillance equipment.
India, as one of the major countries in the Asia-Pacific region, has suffered from terrorist attacks, such as the terrible attack on the Taj Maha Hotel in November 2008, which prompted the Indian government to adopt advanced video surveillance programs to safeguard national security. In 2016, the Indian government announced a budget of up to $3.275 billion for infrastructure development, which is expected to increase further in the coming period.
In addition, the proliferation of sexual abuse and the public’s fear of murder on campus has triggered public calls for effective security. More than 90% of the video surveillance industry in North America belongs to the United States market, followed by the Canadian market.
Moreover, the further expansion of the retail industry in North America has created a demand for commercial video surveillance equipment. The US has long been a major target of terrorist attacks, whether in the international events of 11 September 2001 or the New York terrorist attacks of 2017, posing a serious threat to public safety.
Meanwhile, American businesses are at the forefront of smart video analysis, and the upgrading of video surveillance equipment has boosted industry growth. Regional markets for video surveillance in Europe are concentrated mainly in Germany, the United Kingdom, and France.
The European Union-funded video surveillance and analysis project is the main driving force behind the undeveloped European market, and the European Union’s regulatory rules, which are generally applicable to all the countries of the Union, guarantee the construction of video surveillance systems. Moreover, the surge in equipment upgrades offers new opportunities for the European video surveillance industry.
The steady growth of gdp provides a sound economic basis for the upgrading of the German security system. The United Kingdom is one of the most heavily monitored video cameras in the world, with about 5.9 million cameras nationwide, each covering roughly 11-14 people. France is struggling with rising crime rates and frequent terrorist attacks.
In the area of applications, the largest share of the market for video surveillance is in the infrastructure sector, followed by the commercial sector, which accounts for 37.3 per cent and 36.1 per cent, respectively, of the expected future growth rate, with enterprises and industry accounting for 18.2 per cent and industry, respectively.
In infrastructure, governments around the world are actively promoting the upgrading of security systems. Whether to respond to the global spread of security systems, or to respond to the global challenge, it will continue to be a major driving force in the development of the video surveillance industry.
Terrorist attacks, rising crime rates as a result of a weak economy, the refugee crisis as a result of political instability, and smart cities and smart transportation projects that governments are pursuing out of social-management needs have all contributed to the expansion of video surveillance markets. This includes not only the laying of new video-frequency surveillance equipment, but also the updating of outdated surveillance systems.
In the commercial sector, smart video surveillance equipment is prevalent in retail. The retail industry has long been plagued by hand-picking and stock theft, and surveillance systems that integrate video analysis functions can effectively monitor such wrongdoings and warn regulators. In addition, smart video surveillance equipment can provide important data such as human traffic statistics, customer behavior analysis, and help retail owners upgrade their operations.
The retail industry is widely distributed worldwide and is expanding in North America, with about 3,400 new retail outlets in the United States in 2017 alone. This has contributed to the expansion and upgrading of video surveillance systems. In addition, financial institutions rely extensively on smart video surveillance to maintain public and property security.
In the corporate sector, persistent school invasions and retaliation for social behavior pose even more serious security challenges to managers. In this context, video surveillance systems that integrate abnormal behavior analysis and warning functions can effectively assist managers.
In the industrial sector, video surveillance equipment can meet the demand for work in extreme conditions. Incidents such as the theft of raw materials from the oil industry have created a higher demand for security, and scattered drilling platforms have reduced the viability of human surveillance.
In terms of product distribution, cameras account for the largest share of the video surveillance market, 52.3%, followed by surveillance equipment, 27.8%. In terms of expected future growth, software is in the forefront, with a combined annual growth rate expected from 2018 to 2023, and will remain the main driving force in the development of the video surveillance industry.
The trend of value-added operations, such as services, to respond to industry’s market demand has gone beyond the increase in hardware, so that hardware coverage and characteristics have gradually matured. The global video surveillance market is constantly subject to intense competition, with international manufacturers such as Hornewell, Teco, and Antxes leading the way.
There is a great competitive advantage over potential entry firms, and Heiconway, a latecomer with excellent R & D capabilities and high-priced products, not only featured in the Chinese market, but also in the global market. According to bis data, Heicon was ranked first in the global video surveillance market in 2016 with a 10.9% share, with seven consecutive years of global video surveillance with ihs.
According to ihs, in 2016 the share of the Seaconway video surveillance markets in Europe, the Middle East and Africa reached 12.2 per cent, in the Americas it was 7.3 per cent and in Asia, except China, 7.8 per cent, the company ' s overseas sales earnings remained at steady growth rates of over 30 per cent from 2010 to 2017, and in 2018 it was due to trade disputes between China and the United States.
For overseas markets, five new subsidiaries were established in Mexico, Panama, Pakistan, Peru, and Israel in 2018, one new branch in the Philippines, one new office in Ho Chi Minh City, 44 more overseas branches, more than 100 authorized maintenance centres, and the network of overseas sales services was further developed.
In the face of overseas video surveillance markets, Heiconweiss has persisted in expanding from the channel distribution market to the project market. In 2017, the company made a breakthrough in large overseas projects, participating in the construction of the Singapore Smart City project, with an amount of tens of millions of dollars in a single phase. In 2018, it achieved another breakthrough in large overseas projects in the Indian market, both as an expression of corporate capacity and as a basis for future overseas projects.
The show is exemplary. Although since 2018 companies have been affected by trade disputes between China and the United States, in the United States, Australia, and in some European countries, Russia, India, Latin America, the Middle East, North Africa, etc., have performed well and, overall, overseas businesses are still growing steadily and rapidly.
Since President Xi’s “one-way” strategy in 2013, China’s accumulated direct investment in the countries concerned has exceeded $60 billion in agriculture, manufacturing, infrastructure, and so on. The “one-way” strategy has provided for overseas development.
A unique opportunity. Haekangwe sees as a partnership with Long Peak, a space company that took the responsibility of building a “one way” national seaport security project in Pakistan, building on a “one way” policy to expand international markets and pursue overseas development. (ii) The national strategy, with three main policies, promotes the upgrading of domestic industries.
China’s social security situation has been relatively good for a long time, thanks mainly to the Government’s continued commitment to security. However, in recent years, such events as the violent terror of the Kunming railway station, the Tianjin Tong bombing, which resulted in massive human casualties and economic losses, as well as the deliberate killing of all-embracing clerics in Shandong, and the murder of flight attendants in a drop-by-drop truck, have caused serious damage.
The security sector is expected to remain a priority investment for the Chinese government in the future, in order to respond effectively to the proliferation of public security incidents. China’s security industry has been growing rapidly, with growth rates of more than 10% in recent years, well above that of gdp.
Video surveillance as a sub-sector in the security sector has stabilized at around 18.0% of total production in 2014-2016.
China’s security industry is composed mainly of security engineering, security products, police operating services, and three other components. According to 2017 data, security engineering accounted for the largest share, at 60.5%, followed by security products, at about 32.2%.
Of these, it is worth noting that in 2017, the fast-growing “Snowlight Project” was launched, accounting for about 4.23% of the value of the security industry. “Safe City,” “Sunnet Project,” and “Snowlight Project,” are the three infrastructure projects that the Chinese government has implemented.
“Safe Cities” is designed to build safety in cities by means of technical, physical and human defence systems. The “Safe Cities” project is often a large, integrated management system that needs to be met not only for policing, urban management, traffic management, emergency guidelines, but also for disaster early warning, safe production monitoring and so on, taking into account inter-systems.
The Skynet Project is a video surveillance system for real-time monitoring and information recording of fixed areas to meet urban policing and urban management needs, consisting of equipment and control software such as image collection, transmission, control, display, etc. The Snowlight Project is a command platform at the county, village and village level IMCs, supported by integrated management information, based on grid-based management, and based on public services.
In 2003, the Ministry of Public Security launched the first demonstration city of the "Technology Police"
In 2005, the Central Office of the Communist Party of China and the Office of the State Council transmitted the Opinion of the Chinese Communist Party Political Council, the Central Committee for the Integrated Management of Social Security, and in August, the Ministry of Public Security further proposed the construction of a “3111” pilot project. In 2006, the second wave of “Technology Police” demonstration cities began.
“Safe City,” which has been a major government project since 2017, is ranked first in the 24% distribution of safe cities in 2017.
The number of projects in the “Safe City” rose to 87 in 2017, to $28.5 billion, showing a strong growth trend. In the “Safe City” project, video surveillance equipment was purchased as a significant percentage of the budget.
The winning announcement for video surveillance procurement shows that 32.4 per cent of the budget was allocated to video surveillance equipment, and the winning announcement for the construction of a clean video surveillance system in “Safe City” showed that 71.4 per cent of the budget was allocated to video surveillance equipment, while the public tender announcement for the construction of a video surveillance project in the “Safe City” of Wuhan city showed that 98.7 per cent of the budget was allocated to video surveillance equipment.
In addition, the upgrading of the "Safe City" video surveillance system is continuing, and some earlier construction projects have seen demand for equipment such as the replacement of the number of word cameras, the replacement of the tagging camera with the high-resolution camera and the replacement of the ordinary camera with the smart camera.
By the end of 2011, the construction of the Skywork Programme had reached the county level. In 2017, the Quality China program claimed that China had completed the world’s largest video monitor.
The construction of the Skynet project has provided an impetus for the rapid development of the video surveillance industry in China for over a decade. The construction of the “Safe City” and the “Sunnet project” is concentrated mainly in large and medium-sized urban centres, and has gone through 10 years of experience.
In this context, video surveillance in remote urban areas, county towns, and rural townships is the next entry point for the construction of government infrastructure, and the “Snowlight Project” was launched. In September 2015, nine ministries, including the National Development and Rehabilitation Commission and the Central Integrated Management of HIV/AIDS, jointly issued a video surveillance project on strengthening public security.
In October 2016, the Public Security Video Monitoring System was incorporated into the 13th Five-Year Plan.
In June of that year, the construction of the “Snowlight Project” was launched nationwide. In October, the 19th report proposed the “Implementation of the Village Revitalization Strategy.” In 2018, the “Sight Project” was published in Central Document.
Ang City and Skynet projects have a budget of billions, if not billions, of dollars, and Snowlight projects are mainly focused on millions and millions of grades. According to China's Anti-Sight Exhibition Network, the construction of Snowlight in urban and rural areas is estimated to be about 20 billion market sizes, while city-to-city construction is conservatively estimated at about 30 billion. Thus, the construction of Snowlight has opened up new opportunities for the Chinese video surveillance industry.
China’s video-monitoring market, Haikang Wai, has a leading position. According to data from the Institute of Foresight, in 2018 the company’s market entered, improved its marketing channels and differentiated products and solutions.
The platform, the product platform, and the solution platform are three-tiered R & D systems, with a view to identifying the focus of R & D in response to user needs, without compromising innovation. According to the annual report, Heiconway saw R & D investments of $4.48 billion in 2018, with a growth rate of 40.3%, both in monetary terms and at a rate that is ahead of national competitors.
The company has 2809 patents and 881 copyrights. The accumulated technology and ongoing research and development investment have kept Heiconway at the forefront of video surveillance.
In addition, the company has set up a three-tier service system for global customer service centres, branch client services, and authorized customer service points to provide multi-dimensional services to clients. In recent years, companies have not only been associated with well-known Internet marketing.
The expansion of distribution channels is inextricably linked to the continued investment in marketing by Heiconway. According to the annual report, the company’s sales cost amounted to $4.43 billion in 2018, with a growth rate of 48.1%, far ahead of its competitors.
The number of marketing personnel amounted to 7.484, with a growth rate of 49.7 per cent and a sufficient share of 21.8 per cent of the total workforce The staffing of marketing staff has created a rapid responsiveness to client feedback and demand, providing the basis for research and development teams to determine the focus of R & D and to develop differentiated products and solutions.
In terms of hardware, the Department sells more than 10,000 product models, providing a wealth of product types and sub-types for various scenarios to meet the needs of clients for sexual ability. In terms of solutions, the company has seven major public security, transport, justice, human health, finance, energy and smart buildings.
In response to the government’s intensive “Safe Cities” and “Snowworks” projects, Heconway has also launched targeted solutions.
In 2017, Heikangway was awarded the “Safe City” of Urumqi, the “Safe City” of Yuda County, and more than a billion projects. In addition, Hekangway has a cooperative relationship with a large number of engineers, distributors, and system integrations, and is the recipient of the “Safe City”
The project’s company purchased video surveillance equipment as its main supplier. For example, in the case of the procurement of the Quality Video Surveillance System in the “Safe City” in Barton County, all video surveillance equipment was purchased from Heiconway, with the exception of the video network core switch. In the case of the Snowlight Project, Heiconway has launched a full-fledged solution aimed at “safety, governance, welfare of the people.”
First, we will build a video surveillance system in urban and rural areas to solve the problem of the last kilometre. Second, we will integrate government and social video surveillance resources, improve governance and security control systems in towns and communities. Finally, we will use techniques such as artificial intelligence, cloud computing, and so on.
The city's Snowlight Project, which is primarily responsible for the construction of 45,000 new integrated video surveillance, will help the city to achieve essentially the goal of “global coverage, full-network sharing, full-time availability and control”, fundamentally improve security measures, enhance security control capabilities as the leading industry in China's video surveillance industry.
With the “Safe Cities” and the “Snowworks” projects going forward nationwide, Heikangway sees a broad market future. (iii) Industry expansion, with the general concept of security pervading.
With the emergence of new consumer demand, video surveillance is no longer limited to infrastructure projects, but extends to industries such as smart households, machines, visuals, and advanced assistive driving systems. These new industries have the potential to become new growth points in the video surveillance industry in the future.
Household and shop security needs have led to the gradual entry of smart security equipment into the civil and commercial sectors. According to the number of technavio, the global market for civil and commercial security has reached $3.18 billion in 2015 and is expected to increase between 2016 and 2020.
In the face of emerging business opportunities, traditional security firms have been deployed in both the civil and commercial spheres. With the spread of the concept of access to the Internet, consumers prefer to connect smart security devices to their homes and shops as part of their intelligence and ability rather than independently.
In addition, health surveillance systems that rely on video surveillance equipment accounted for about 7.0 per cent of the market for smart households in 2016, a proportion that has been rising steadily over the forecast period.
As an extension of the video surveillance industry, the global machine visual market reached $9.66 billion in 2016, with an expected growth rate of around 9.0% between 2017 and 2021. Machine vision includes two major components, the camera and the visual system.
The clarity of the cameras and the recognition of the visual system for information that is less visible together determine the recognition of machine vision. Machine vision is particularly relevant in the processing manufacturing industry, improving artificial inaccuracies, improving productivity, and releasing human resources for high-value-added jobs.
In the global machine visual market, China has played an important role, largely thanks to the fast-growing automated processing, semiconductors, and electronics, steel, and leisure food industries. The process of industrial automation will in the future boost the rapid development of the machine visual sector in China.
The adas, the advanced driving support system, which includes video systems, is another extension of the video surveillance industry. The adas industry is still a new industry worldwide, and according to bis data, the global market for adas in 2016 was $2.76 billion.
Of this, the camera market, which stood at $720 million in 2017 and at around 25% each year, has significant growth potential. China’s adas market, which grew slightly later than the United States and European markets, reached $30 billion in 2017, and its future growth trend.
As a leader in the video-monitoring industry, the fluorescent business has become an early-entry smart-house business and has achieved considerable market performance. The ocean fluorescent business dates back to 2013, starting with the company’s launch of the Internet video business, and moving on.
Step by step, it has developed into a smart-house business that serves intelligent families and intelligent businesses. The main products include smart cameras, smart door locks, and no business in 2017, where the sales were more than $1 billion for the first time. In 2018 and the first half of 2019, the revenues from the business were $1.64 billion and $1,140 billion, respectively, representing a strong growth trend of 50.1 per cent and 56.9 per cent, respectively.
In the case of intelligent families, fluorescents provide a family smart life programme that relies on smart hardware, combined with fluorescent cloud platforms, networking and big data technology, which effectively combines the needs of intelligence control, environmental perception and information exchange with the scene, both to meet the needs of consumers for safety and health surveillance, and to protect the elderly, children and pets of the home in real time.
In addition, they provide specialized sports cameras and accessories to meet consumer demand for sport-sharing.
With the exception of smart households, Heiconway’s innovative business, which mainly covers Heicon robots, auto electronics, seacomb storage, and Heicon microscopics, has been growing at a high rate, compared to the same time. Although innovation currently accounts for a low share of income, it is expected that there will be a wide range of Heicon robots in the future, including machine vision, industrial robots, and drones.
In the area of industrial robotics, Heconway has focused on logistics, providing warehousing, handling, sorting robots, and helping partners like Kyoto and Hyoto to reduce operating costs and increase operational efficiency. In the area of drones, Heconway has launched aerial vehicles, ground surfaces, etc.
Products such as stations and drone jammers extend the security solution from a 2-dimensional plane to a stereospace. Moreover, the main drones are government and large enterprises such as electricity and oil, with overlaps with their former clients, and companies are expected to achieve their products with good reputations.
Auto-electronic products and solutions such as a panorama system, a vehicle smart surveillance system, and the introduction of advanced adas accelerator systems with pre-integration tests, driveway deviations, driver behavior analysis, right-hand blindness testing, etc., which provide security for users, smart homes, machine visuals and adas are among the promising emerging industries, with video systems taking on considerable importance.
As the leader of the video surveillance industry, Heconway has been active in creating new business based on his own video advantage, and various products have been introduced with considerable market performance. In the future, Fluorescent intelligence, Hecon robotics, and auto electronics will inject new dynamism into the market performance of the Sea Conway.
iv. Valuation analysis and investment recommendations. As one of the leading companies in global security video surveillance, the main business distribution includes both domestic and overseas markets, and the Department's product sales patterns remain hardware-based, providing added value through the superiority of software systems and solutions.
This is why, in our profit forecasting of companies, we still use product demand as the main basis for the measurement, combined with profitability and cost. For corporate valuations, we believe that companies are in a steady and predictable business process, with product and business models in place.
And, as a firm that is able to generate a steady cash flow and is expected to be sustainable in the future, we also do dcf's high-end, high-end, back-end products, central-control equipment, and innovative products.
There are also engineering and other types of business, and although companies will in the future divide their business in the form of pbg (public service community), ebg (business enterprise group), and smbg (smbg enterprise group), our projections are still in the company ' s base scenario, which we are based on, as follows:
In terms of revenue: 1) the domestic market is growing faster than the overseas market; 2) the upper end of the front end is growing faster than the lower and middle end of the product, the upper end of the country is increasing continuously, and the back end is largely maintained overseas; 3) the back end is growing at a low rate; 4) the central control equipment is growing at a slightly higher rate than the overall growth; 5) in other operations, innovation remains growing rapidly, with smart household operations represented by fluorescent stones.
Growth is gradually moving towards a smooth and fast period; 6) reduced engineering operations: Māori coverage: 1) high-end and lower-middle end of front-end products continue to maintain a pattern of large domestic disparities, with smaller disparities overseas; 2) Māori rates for back-end products and central control equipment are stable and slightly declining; 3) Māori rates for engineering work are generally stable; 4) other details
In terms of costs, we believe that companies still need to maintain the increase in the size of their staff and overall input to R & D inputs, but the level of cost is expected to decline, and the restructuring of R & D personnel has slowed down the rate of growth.
Government subsidies remain predominantly tax refunds and projects, and companies are expected to further strengthen their management of receivables and inventories. In terms of capital spending, the company’s investment will decline, and the construction of the base has gradually come to an end.
As a company that can make a sustainable profit and is comparable within the industry, we use the relative valuation method for value analysis and comparison, using as a reference the domestic stock market as a relevant manufacturer for security video surveillance. Multiplier than the industry average, pb is 7.9 times higher than the industry average.
Industry, which is better than industry as a whole in terms of soundness and competitiveness, is more risk-resistant, and we believe that there is still room for an improvement in the value of the company under the expectation that the industry will gradually become a leader in the future, and, on the basis of the relative p/pb valuation, we use the company ' s opfcf and equity fcfe, respectively.
On the basis of the above assumptions and valuation estimates, we believe that there is still room for improvement in the current valuation level of the company, and we recommend an investment in “buy-a” with the company in conjunction with the relative valuation and absolute valuation measurements.
(b) Increased competition in domestic markets affects the level of corporate profitability;
The expansion of new product operations has not been as anticipated.