The sales of large-scale luminous instruments have continued to rise, and the new generation of x series has gained market recognition.
The impact of the agent operations income increased by 19.07 per cent in the same year; the net profit from the parent is $570 million, a decrease of 0.69 per cent. The net cash flow from the operation is $257 million, a growth increase in the same year.
In the first half of 2022, firm corporate development strategies continued to open up domestic and overseas markets: (1) domestic markets: the new domestic crown epidemic persisted in the first half of 2022, in particular:
In the second quarter of the year, the outbreak in the East China region was severe, with a greater impact on the medical situation in the country. The in vitro diagnostics sector slowed down in addition to the new crown business.
As a result, the company ' s domestic market continued to generate $921 million in revenue from its main business, a year-on-year increase: the country continued to promote the acceleration of imports by large aircraft, and the company continued its 2021 domestic market marketing strategy through high-speed chemical luminous analysis.
Emaglumix8 continued to be promoted, effectively expanding the number of large-scale medical end-users in the country, leading to an increase in sales of conventional reagents. The domestic market was fully automated in the first half of 2022.
Impact increases, with domestic and foreign aircraft still installed at a rapid rate; as the number of medium-sized and large-scale end-users increases steadily, domestic reagent revenues are driven and (2) offshore markets are driven: new crown lights are detected despite the easing of immunization policies in overseas countries
Mid-year review: Impacts such as the rapid number of domestic and foreign aircraft installed, the decline in demand for reagents, the growth of business income in the offshore market in the first half of 2022, 4.93 per cent, x 8 contributing to the expansion of large-scale medical terminals
Billion dollars, an increase of 16.41 per cent in the same year and a decrease of 12.43 pct to 51.49 per cent in the same year; $484 million in overseas business income, an increase of 27.41 per cent in the same year, after deducting the impact of the sale of new coronal light reagents; and increased corporate support for and inputs to key market countries, drawing on the experience of Indian affiliates.
Localized personnel were recruited to create nine overseas branches, such as the Philippine subsidiary and the Pakistan subsidiary, thereby contributing to the continued growth of operations in key overseas regions. In the first half of 2022, the overseas market sold 2,604 fully automated chemical luminators, an increase of 59.36 per cent over the previous year.
The sales of medium-sized and large-scale luminous instruments rose to 34.45 per cent, an increase of 16.15 percentage points over the same period in the previous year, providing a solid basis for following up on the continued growth of overseas operations.
The Māori rate for the new generation of X series, which is market recognized, has remained stable. (2) Instrumental products have achieved operating income of $425 million, an increase of 35.84 per cent over the same period; Māori rates have increased by 6.73 per cent to 22.56 per cent over the same period; and sub-regions.
In the field,1 as a result of the restructuring of the domestic instrument promotion strategy, the sales of the x series and the medium-sized and large-scale luminous instruments have increased, with a significant increase in the Māori ratio of domestic instrument products from 19.89 pct to 24.41 per cent on a year-on-year basis;2 the scale of reagents in the future has increased the volume of instrument products in overseas markets.
By the end of the second quarter of 2022, companies had achieved more than 10,500 domestic terminals, with a more aggressive marketing policy of 21.47 per cent for instrument-type products, a decrease of 4.1 pct over the same period.
More than 8,200 health-care establishments throughout the country; cumulative sales abroad in 148 countries and territories; sales of over 13,400 instruments; sustained growth in the volume of installed machines, which created a solid foundation for the subsequent marketing of reagents; and gross sales/loading in the domestic and foreign markets of Maglumix3, which was introduced to the market in March of the year.
1,674 fully automated chemical luminous instruments of the company ' s new generation x series with excellent performance have been analysed for profitability: the cost of equity incentives has declined, exchange rate gains have been evident, overall net interest rates have increased as a percentage of income from instruments with a lower Māori rate, and sales costs have increased on a par
The decrease in the management cost rate from 9.36 pct to 4.92 per cent over the same period was mainly due to the share-in-interest incentive cost, which was the result of increased research and development inputs by companies during the reporting period; the financial cost rate fell from 4.43 pct to the second Lit in 2022, and the company ' s combined Māori rate, sales cost rate, administrative cost rate
We've made less progress than expected, we've got more volatility in overseas markets, we've got a new form of coronary pneumonia that's going on.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.