Medical Health Research Center The epidemic has affected the second quarter of the year's growth, the higher-than-expected sales of instruments abroad, company fundamentals (RMB)
(+16%) Net profit from motherhood is $570 million (+33%), net profit from non-motherhood is $523 million, operating income is $484 million (+27%) and overall performance is as expected. 22 years of internal outbreak q2
Local rebounds, the East China region is more severe, hospitals are more affected by routine consultations, which have a negative impact on the company’s domestic performance. With the introduction of the new CNA, the domestic epidemic is expected to stabilize.
The Department’s performance will return to normal as regular clinics recover.
Expanding the capacity of affiliates, whose construction and operating models have matured to drive instrument loads, a total of 2604 fully automated chemical luminescence devices have been sold in 22 years in overseas cities, an increase of 59 per cent over the same period. The sales of large- and medium-scale luminous instruments have increased to 34 per cent, an increase of 16.15 pct over the same period.
The new generation of X full-automatic chemical luminous devices is showing a bright eye, pushing the company’s Māori rate up. The high-speed machine is on the market every month, and there are 1,674 cumulative sales/loading machines in the domestic and foreign markets.
The high performance of the fully automated chemical luminous instrument and the brightness of the installed data are expected to continue with further market recognition. The increase in sales of the x series and large- and medium-scale luminous instrumentation has raised the Māori rate of domestic instrument products to 24% (+19.89pt) to increase the company’s profitability.
The impact of the new crown epidemic on the company ' s performance; the policy risk of a substantial price reduction for its products; the increasing competition in the industry yuan_wei@gjzq.com.cn risk: the under-registration of new products for R & D is not as high as expected.