Arithmetic leads, homegrown lights >cpu+dcu, 21st of May 2025.
Chip companies, Focused dcu and cpu products are developed in parallel, covering the mainstream landscape of cloud computing, artificial intelligence, etc. The company’s largest shareholder is Central Science Sunlight, with 27.96% of the shares as of the first quarter of 2025. The demand for sealight products is expected to increase continuously in the context of the growth in the numeracy demand triggered by the roll-out of major models.
Sealight is based on the x86 architecture, building up a national product, cpu, which has accelerated in recent years, driving the expansion of the server market, and the global server market has grown to $10.365 billion in 2024, with a new round of growth opportunities for the upstream core components.
To improve the mainstream server structure, 86 per cent of the global server market in 2023, with good software and hardware compatibility with good s010521120004 having a significant advantage in the industrial chain, idc predicts a Chinese x 86 server in 2028
The core components, such as cpu, are expected to release greater market demand, guided by US technological constraints and domestic innovation. Sealight continues to push the architecture up, self-researching c86 while maintaining a high degree of compatibility with x86, completing the integration of national secret algorithms in data.
Security and privacy protection levels continue to work. The product parameters are constantly shrinking at a different performance range from the international leading competition, and they are now part of a high-performance cpu camp in the country. In addition, the U.N.-based cpu industry chain has co-founded a “light association” to speed up the construction of a well-established national cpu ecosystem, working with nearly 5,000 partners.
With deep cooperation, a solid foundation is laid for an autonomous strategic goal of national production. The country’s gpu is entering a new phase, and technological innovation drives the country’s production to replace speed. Against a backdrop of large models, such as DeepSeek, the accelerated penetration of a multi-faceted landscape has contributed to a rapid growth in the volume of smart data, according to the source.
idc expects the size of smart computing to increase to 2781.9eflops in 2028, and will drive cloud producers and operators to add more coding and more innovative capital spending. At the same time, the innovation policy accelerates the collapse and creates a gap in domestic computational power, providing a key growth window for the national production of gpu.
Based on the development of the rocm platform, which has good cuda compatibility and is environmentally friendly. At the same time, the gpgpu structure is oriented towards the ai and high performance computing optimization, highlighting parallel computing capabilities. At the end of the application, the radiance is active with 1. Sealight Information (688041.sh) reporting points in the 2025 season.
Assessment: high performance growth, deep alignment of the Deepseek model with a significant increase in the contractual liability ring, improved arithmetic efficiency through software layer and bridging the current demand climate for international competitions
At the parameter level. With credit creation and increased market acceptance of national production programmes, the Sealight dcu has 2. Sealight Information (688041.sh) 2024 Annual Report: Looking to accelerate penetration and promote the nationalization of core high end components into a new phase.
Performance is expected to accelerate growth - 3. Sealight Information (688041.sh) performance forecast for 2024. Product performance, expansion and compatibility advantages, replacement acceleration in national production, and continuous improvement in the i industry climate
4. Sealight Information (688041.sh) company event evaluation: national production-calculation-deeping technology, a self-valued i-era renewal - 2024/12/24
Review: High-end processor development is progressing well, performance is bright, 1 cpu+dcu is running in two rounds, casting the power of national production calculations 1.1 Self-innovation breaks down barriers, and national product cpu&dcu moves to the front.
Sealight Information is the leading high-end computing chip design enterprise in the country, which is based on a double-weight layout of cpu and dcu products. Sealight Information was established in 2014 as a high-tech enterprise focused on high-performance computing chips and server development, with major products including high-end generic processors (cpu) and high-end co-processing processors (dcu).
The company ' s cpu product received technical authorization and related technical support in the early years from the amd high-end processor and was based on X86 architecture development and was positioned in the high-performance computing market, covering a variety of applications such as servers, workstations, high-performance terminals, etc.; the dcu product was based on the gpgpu architecture and compatible with the "Cuda class" common environment.
With the advent of the arithmetic age, the dpu product is promising. The company’s development process can be divided into two phases, the Sealight-Cpu and the Deep Count-dcu, respectively.
In the cpu R & D process, the company started the development of Sealight One in 2016, with product design based on an amd-authorized technology, and successfully realized volume production and profitability in 2018. With the prediction of the city’s demand for higher arithmetic, the company started the development of Sealight II in July 2017.
The product optimized performance and energy efficiency by 2020 through core adjustments. Then, in 2018, the company began to develop Sealight III, focusing on the emerging needs of the ai’s high-calculation, and launched the market in 2022. In October 2023, the Sealight successfully released Sealight IV, a product that further enhanced its capacity and progressed smoothly.
At present, the company is actively promoting the development of Sealight Five, which was launched in 2018 during the dcu (Beep Count Series) R & D process, with products focused on large data processing, commercial computing, etc., which were calculated as intensive applications, and concluded in 2021.
In January 2020, Sealight launched the development of Deep Count II, which enhanced the ability of floating point data, accuracy and common data types to calculate, with performance improvements exceeding 100%, and successfully released it in September 2023. Sealight launched the development of Deep Count III in 2023, with products in performance, compatibility and safety.
The research and development process is also being actively promoted. Figure 1: The research and development process of the Sealight Information cpu and dcu series has always been based on a product research and development strategy of “sale generation, validate generation, develop generation.”
At the same time, the company has been focusing on the dual-track development of dcu+cpu, adapting and sustaining products to market demand, and maintaining a central position in the national production numeracy market.
1.2 The shares are fragmented and stable, with a strong scientific background, and the Chinese Academy and the State capital fund are the main shareholders, with a relatively decentralized shareholding. As of the first quarter of 2025, the stockholding structure of Halo-Technology Co. Ltd. was fragmented, with no single shareholder holding more than 30% of the shares, the largest of which was the largest.
The shareholders are Dawn Information Industries Ltd., with 27.96% of the shares. In addition, the shareholders include the Tianjin Sea Futung Technology Partnership (10.81%), the Chengdu Industrial Investment Group (7.21%), the Chengdu Blue Boat Business Management Partnership (6.09%) and the State Capital, Industrial Funds and Research Machines.
A strong background in scientific research and State capital provides stable support for the company’s long-term development. Sealight and md have co-financing enterprises such as Chengdu Sea Light Microelectronics Ltd. and Chengdu Sea Light Integration Circuit Design Ltd., which provide the basis for the introduction of integrated circuit technology and cooperation.
The business income of the company grew significantly from $379 million in 2019 to $9.162 billion in 2024, with cagr reaching 89.09%. The core driver of growth is output.
The year was marked by a record high harvest. Although the year 2023 may have been marked by a weakening of the demand for credit and a growth in the cpu business, which slowed the year’s year-on-year recovery rate to 17.30 per cent, it benefited from a rapid increase in demand for good and arithmetic markets for high-end processor products, with companies achieving an annual growth rate of 52.40 per cent in 2024.
In the latest published financial report for the first quarter of 2025, Sealight Information achieved operating income of $2.400 billion, an increase of 50.76% over the same period; it benefited from a geopolitically driven process of national production and the rapid adaptation of corporate products in large-scale models of national production, with accelerated and sustained growth in overall demand and continued high growth in corporate performance.
After 25q1 contract liabilities of RMB 3,237 million, an increase of RMB 2,333 million over the end of last year, the demand for orders continued to be strong, with firm improvements in net profit returns, which increased from RMB-083 million to RMB 1,931 million in 2019-2024. The net profits of companies have increased rapidly since the loss was reversed in 2021.
The overall Māori rate rises and the process of nationalization drives performance release. And in 25 years, q1, the net profit on corporate returns reached $506 million, an increase of 75.33 per cent over the same period, technical barriers were gradually forming, and product advantages were clearly driving corporate gains.
99.70. Disaggregated according to the sales model, direct sales generated revenues of $7,769 million in 2024, an increase of 15.21 per cent over the previous year. Sealight is still dominated by direct sales, but the rapid growth of distribution operations is driven mainly by the expansion of the core clients of downstream distributors, reflecting the growing capacity of companies to expand through diversified distribution channels.
Corporate profitability has continued to increase, with the Māori rate rising from 37.31 per cent in 2019, but with efficiency gains in supply chain management, cost structural optimization and economies of scale production, Māori ratio and supply chain optimization and improved supply chain synergies in 2024 were key drivers of the company’s net profit growth.
q1 achieved 61.69% Māori sales, a net interest rate of 29.74%, cost and corporate governance adjustments, and corporate profitability continued to rise. As the scale of product sales increased, customer relations matured and management structures were optimized, while financial structures were maintained
Continued improvement, combined with a partial loan repayment of interest income, has led to a significant improvement in corporate cost rates. From 2019 to Sealight Information, there has been a sustained focus on technological innovation research and development. In recent years, firms have increased their investment in research and development, from 175 million yuan to 2.91 billion yuan in research and development between 2019 and 2024.
At the same time, more costly projects have led to faster growth in R&D costs. Sealight continues to maintain high levels of R&D investment around generic computing markets, continuously achieving technological innovation, product performance improvement, and maintaining a leading domestic market position.
By 2024, 2,157 of the company ' s research and development personnel, representing 90.18% of the total workforce, 77.61% of the research and development technicians had master ' s and academic qualifications, while, on a highly educated basis, sea light engineers were rich in chip and process development.
As high-intensity R & D inputs and core technologies accumulate, the company’s technology, the Protector River, is increasingly consolidated, and its product mix is increasingly enriched. Through multi-twice projects, the company promotes the continuous overlap and product expansion of generic processors and co-processors, and
The strategy not only consolidates the leading position of the sealight in high-performance computing within the country, but also maintains a close catch-up with leading international firms on core technological upgrades and product layouts. Support for corresponding research and development inputs also brings an optimistic return on patent authorization for sealight.
By 2024, Sealight Information had accumulated 836 patents for inventions, 115 for practical new patents, 3 for design patents, 299 for integrated circuit chart design registration certificates and 304 for software copyrights.
Most of them have masters and doctorates, and they have a background in overseas studies at Hua University, Beijing University, and the executives of the company have an appropriate background in advanced engineering and corporate management. The director and managing director of the company, Sha Tao, is a professor at the senior engineer level and has served as assistant director of Chinese Chinese technology.
2 Based on the x86 architecture, which highlights the growth of the national product cpu, the 2.1x86 architecture leading the market, the national production layout, which promotes autonomous innovation, 2.1.1 smooth global market growth, and the strength of the 86 architecture
cpu (central processor) is the core of computing and control of computers, which are responsible for dispatching hardware resources such as storage, input output units, etc. and performing common computing tasks. At the same time, all types of software in computer systems are eventually converted to cpu operations through a command set to determine overall computing performance and system efficiency.
While the cpu core server market is expected to expand further, driven by the demand of the i. According to precedenceresearch, the global server market grew to $10.365 billion in 2024.
It is also expected that by 2034 it will reach approximately $23.1 billion, and by 2024-2034 the cagr is projected to be 8.30%.The server market is expected to match the server market with the x86 architecture, driven by the accelerated construction of the data centre, the continued expansion of cloud computing needs and the growth of the arithmetic.
The command set is two and, depending on the type of command set used, the cpu structure is divided into four main structures: x86, arm, rsc-v, and mips. Compared to other structures, x86 is more focused on complex command collection and individual commands can handle more complex tasks by using the advantage of the number of commands stored in multiple and superwidth distances, and is relevant.
The high-intensity of the architecture can support a higher-end processing speed, with clear advantages in compatibility, hardware flexibility, software maturity, functionality of the package and development tools. And the x86 architecture can be efficient, using the main repository, and perform well in handling complex command and business computing tasks, while many of the previous services should be available.
By relying on server support under x86, the platform ' s migration to other structures would result in expensive technology matching costs, and thus x86 would be widely applied to the server area and grow year by year, with servers accounting for 86 per cent of the global server market size, which remains the dominant option in the server.
And in the domestic production market, thanks to the compatibility and flexible expansion of the platform by x86 servers, a rich software ecosystem coupled with considerable cost-effectiveness, the corresponding server demand will continue to rise in the tide of national production ai, and in the third quarter of 2024, China's server market will grow at the same rate.
16.6 per cent. idc projects that by 2028 China ' s x86 server market will be 4.6 million, with revenues growing to $62 billion. 2.1.2 The advantages of the overseas giants are clear, and national production is far from being replaced.
At the beginning of the year, the country’s cpu market accounted for 50% and 30% of Intel and md, respectively, with more foreign firms and a clear monopoly of industry. Intel continued to be an absolute leader in which, according to Mercuryresearch data, intel delivered 4.09 million items in 3q24 x 86 servers.cpu
Amd delivered 1.39 million pyc processors. Although the market share of md is still somewhat different from that of intel, in recent years, the market share of md has been rising with the strength and value of its hard products, and it is likely that it will be split equally with intel, creating a climate of resistance between the two strong chambers.
2.1.3 The wave of nationalization has led to industrial development, and autonomous innovation is imperative, and with the evolution and policy orientation of market structures, cpu is becoming a central player in the nationalization of information technology, and government and business investment in this area has continued to increase.
There is an increasing demand for information security and alternatives to national production in services such as finance and education. In the 14th Five-Year National Information Development Plan, the country clearly proposes a strategy for promoting information-based development, strengthening digital governance, focusing on the domestic cycle, accelerating research and development on key core technology products and building appropriate platforms, and promoting synergies between hardware and software.
At the end of the year, at the end of the year, the company completes 100% of the IT replacement, covering key areas such as basic software, chips, operating systems, intermediates, etc., and the process of nationalization is accelerating.
In 2021, we had 3.82 million X86 servers, of which 1.67 million, or 43.8 per cent, were purchased by Internet enterprises and 405,000, or 10.6 per cent, by telecommunications enterprises, indicating a strong demand for server computing.
Nationally produced chips are purchased as a percentage. With both policy and demand driven, the national producer cpu will grow in a wide range of spaces, and sea light is expected to accelerate the break-out in the new cycle of national production substitution, with the benefits of technology accumulation and industry synergies, and arithmetic driving industrial upgrading, with X86 remaining the industry’s preferred option. For growing cloud computing needs, upstream,
The server supply chain also has a positive effect. According to the China Arithmetic Development Report (2024), in 2023, the number of aircraft installed in the Arithmetic Centre reached 8.1 million, nearly four times the 1.66 million in 2017, with a ratio of 78.15% for larger than medium-sized aircraft.
The share is 90.20%. In the context of the technological revolution and the rapid pace of industrial change, computing power is becoming the central engine for industrial upgrading and social development, and the x86 architecture will continue to play its key role in giving a strong impetus to the development of our arithmetic.
2.2 Building high-end cpu of national production, combining three main advantages: 2.2.1 Active promotion of research and development, combining three main advantages, and continuous and dynamic development of cpu with products.
On the basis of merit, high-end processors that meet China's information development requirements have been developed. Over the years, sea light has been improving the cpu product over time, resulting in a three-pronged "performance, ecology, safety" product that meets the needs of Chinese users:
1) Excellence in performance: Sealight cpu, using sophisticated microstructures and creak layers design, has significantly increased the number of instructions implemented during each clock cycle by optimizing the fractions, and using more processors at the core of single cpu, based on advanced soc architecture and film-based network technology.
The leading process technology and physical design tools achieve high-frequency design for processors. 2) Compatibility is good: the X86 command collection has the strongest ecosystem support in the industry, the company has successfully taken possession of the key technology in the X86 processor design, and the c86 open architecture and products have been rolled out to accommodate both domestic and foreign owners
Fluid operating systems, databases, intermediates, etc., and numerous industry applications. 3) High security: Sealight cpu significantly upgraded the security level of the data processing and computing environment by adding a set of security algorithms, integrating specialized security algorithms and speed units, and supported credible calculations in their original form.
2.2.2 Series product layouts, multi-dimensional coverage of core markets, sealight cpu series products are mainly used on servers and workstations, supporting the x86 command set, compatible with international mainstream operating systems and applications.
Calculating and multitasking, with in-depth optimization, with products broken down into 7,000 series, 5000 series and 3,000 series corresponding to high-end, middle-end and low-end needs, respectively, depending on the application landscape.
Heart, supporting 128-circuit pcie and 8 ddr4 memory lanes, with single cpu supporting maximum 2tb memory capacity. The series is designed for data centres, cloud computing centres, and provides users with energy-efficient computing solutions that are widely applied to cloud computing, big data, databases, distributed storage, artificial intelligence, etc.
Nucleus, which supports 64-circuit pcle and 4 ddr4 memory corridors, has a single cpu that supports maximum 1tb memory capacity. The series applies to applications such as cloud computing, margin computing, distributed storage, and meets computing needs in the Internet, finance, telecommunications, transport, energy, etc.
Sealight 3,000 series of high-value processors located on multiple scenes, widely applied to entry-level servers, memory corridors with a maximum acceleration frequency of 3.3 ghz, to provide high-efficiency, steady technological autonomy for SME clients and professional users, self-researching c86 acceleration performance breakthroughs
Sealight has mastered the full range of source codes for authorized technologies and successfully absorbed the full range of technologies associated with absorbing x86, resulting in independent cpu design and iterative development. Sealight continues to promote autonomous innovation at the microstructure level, leading to a national production of c86-structured research and development based on complete x86 command source code, which significantly enhances the computational nature of the product.
Core indicators such as power, bus bandwidth, RAM frequency, safety and scalability continue to enhance the competitive nature of the product. The company officially launched the c86-3g processor in the third quarter of 2022 and scaled out the goods in 2023. The c86-4g processor, released in 2024, further upgraded its structural performance to support a maximum of 64 cores.
128 threads, upgraded to sp5 interface and compatible with ddr5 memory, equipped with up to two Io chips, significantly enhanced system data processing and dispatch capabilities, providing high-performance, high-matching server numeracy to the IT industry, Figure 19: Sealight cpu product upgrade route
Sealight cpu autonomy, based on the upgrading of microstructures, including the upgrading of computing capabilities, has also increased capacity for all applications, such as support for national secret algorithms, while researching advanced design and containment techniques, autonomous overlaps, core and soc structures, with the ability to customize the pip and develop envelopes. Meanwhile, the Sealight self-research c86.
The column processors also maintain at least 15-30% performance improvement per generation. Sealight information is coloured among national producers and speeds up the pursuit of international competitions. Intel rates in September 2024, first release the flagship server cpu product to the top 6 series 6900p, the core number being at least the previous product.
It was doubled, followed by the release of the 905 series of Dragon 5-generation processor products, with a maximum support of 192 nuclear, 384 linear routes, with the parameters showing a full lead over the competition. In domestic manufacturers, the sea light and magnified cores are based on x86 structures, Heith and Flying are based on arm structures, and the dragon core and Shinwei are based on self-researched command systems.
For his company, Sealight III cpu is a national product leader in parameters, performing well. As an important technological breakthrough for a national product processor, Sealight c86 is accelerating its progress towards the industry’s mainstream standards, thereby strengthening its central position in the ecologic of national production calculations.
This measure not only reflects the technical advantages of the c86 processor in terms of performance, wide-ranging software eco-compatibility, and safety.
It also reflects a further increase in its recognition in national procurement systems. 2.2.4 Compatibility x 86 application framework, with services delivery covering all aspects of the international mainstream sealight cpu compatibility x 86 architecture, following the cisc processor technical route, is excellent
System architecture and a wide range of hardware and software ecology. In the mainstream command set development environment, the sealight cpu supports the rapid deployment and expansion of the platform, while allowing for smooth migration of applications with a high degree of flexibility and avoiding large-scale re-engineering of the bottom code, thereby effectively reducing the overall cost of user ownership.
At present, sealight products have been scaled up in key sectors such as telecommunications, finance, and purchase orders such as the Merchant Bank, the Chinese Post, etc.
In order to facilitate the improvement of the national production computing and industrial chains, the Eco-cooperative Organization of the Sea Light Industry (OECI) has been created. It has now established deep cooperation with nearly 5,000 partners.
The system not only enhances the compatibility and overall performance of domestic hardware and software, but also provides a solid basis for the long-term development of the national computing industry and further enhances the autonomous control of indigenous eco-computing.
IHO works closely with domestic manufacturers in the upstream and downstream areas. The chip area works closely with national producers to promote the development of cpu, gpu and storage technology, and to assist in the application of solid-state hard disks and large-capacity storage systems.
Modelling and data transfer needs have been recognized by the finance, energy, telecommunications, etc. In intermediate-level software, IHO has been active in promoting the integration of operational systems in countries such as Hosnifer and Penang, promoting their compatibility with bottom-level hardware depth, and supporting the deployment of databases in countries such as Dharma. At the same time, it has promoted key basic software such as intermediates, virtual platforms, etc.
At the application level, IHO promotes the nationalization of enterprise-level software such as erp, crm, and promotes the development of national production solutions and the construction of high-level business systems in such cutting-edge areas as artificial intelligence, big data analysis, etc.
A new chapter in the development of 3 national gpus, technological innovation seeking to break through the 3.1ai technology detonating gpu market, and a national producer running ahead of the 3.1.1 gpppu architecture: a core driver for efficient parallel calculations
The gpgpu programming model is designed to fully utilize the parallel computing capabilities of gpu to accelerate common computing tasks such as artificial intelligence, scientific computing, and data analysis. The gpgpu software system is based on gpu hardware features compared to traditional graphic renderings, which supports efficient computing. Modern gpu contains a large number of computing cores (cores).
These cores perform the Kernel program in single command multitial (simt) mode. Simt (single command multidata) operates multiple computing units using a single controller while processing vector data to enable space to be calculated in parallel. Each core on gpu usually runs thousands of threads and communicates through a note memory, synchronizing with high-speed barriers.
At the same time, each core contains a first-level command and data cache (l1cache), reducing access to low-level memory requires that, in order to maintain high-absorption capacity, gpu needs to maintain a balance between computing capacity and memory bandwidth, with multiple-channel memory systems increasing parallelity. Normally, each memory channel is matched with the corresponding llc (last-level cache)
Links, the core is connected to the memory partition through an interconnection network (e. g. crossbar). Compared to the excess disorder cpu, gpu uses more chip areas to calculate the cell, reduces the control logic ratio, thereby increasing the unit content, and gives more performance enhancement in parallel computing.
Figure 22: Modern gpu universal architecture. Another mainstream architecture is more limited in terms of input and flexibility in R & D. Asic is designed to optimize specific applications with precision on the logical calculation unit, the control unit ratio and the chip structure
Customization, which allows them to perform very high computing and inefficiency in a given mission, achieves a high degree of performance and energy efficiency; however, this highly customized design requires additional circuit layout and architecture development, resulting in high R&D costs and higher requirements for design capacity.
In addition, the flexibility of asic is low, and once designed, it is difficult to adapt to new computing needs or algorithms. The gpgpu architecture benefits from mature hardware and software ecology and extensive developers ' support, making it more advantageous in terms of development weeks, fit-out and software compatibility, with shorter development cycles and strong generic calculations.
3.1.2 Deepseek drives the development of the i industry. In recent years, the rapid development of i technologies has driven the widespread application of the i-format in the domestic market, triggering the emergence of the i-substance.
A new wave of markets. The introduction of the Deepseekr1 model, while lowering the threshold of the demand for arithmetic chips, raises the list of downloads of mobile applications in a market. Not only does this phenomenon benefit from a free open source strategy, but it is also critical that it costs $5.576 million in training, less than one tenth of the cost of gpt-4o training.
With the introduction and rapid diffusion of DeepSeek, the growth of downstream end demand and the evolution of service models have contributed to the emergence of new development opportunities in the arithmetic data industry.
The cloud computing and arithmetic leasing market has entered a new growth cycle, with a jump in the demand ratio from 30% to 65%, while accelerating the change in market patterns, pushing the industry to move from a high reliance on British Weida to a national chip scheme. Meanwhile, the national chip is already using 100% of the computing power in the cluster deployment of Deepseek.
92%, with a 40% reduction in cost at the same level of arithmetic, further enhances the competitiveness of the national production. Moreover, DeepSeek relies on efficient model compression techniques that enable it to operate efficiently on peripheral equipment with limited capacity to satisfy high privacy and low delay applications. At the same time, the model is light.
Quantum optimization, Deepseekr1 has been able to run on smartphone end, accelerating the end-of-equipment arithmetic Chinese intelligence computing will grow to 2781.9eflops. The domestic ai industry has been promising, accelerating technological breakthroughs and commercial landings.
The core drivers of development, driven by policy support, the growth of market demand, and technological convergence, have moved from a phase of scale expansion to a qualitative upgrading. According to the Institute of Business and Industry, the domestic market for ai software in 2024 was 45.29 billion yuan, a 20% increase from the previous year, showing strong growth.
With the opening and extension of large models like Deepseek, the generation of ai, a big model, a marginal ai became the central driver of market growth and gave further impetus to the evolution of new scenes, new business patterns, new models. According to the Chinese Institute of Business and Industry, the current generation of artificial intelligence is accelerating the penetration of large industries, driving demand.
At the same time, at the technical level, the big one model is based on an in-depth learning algorithm, capable of processing large-scale data and having a stronger predictive and decision-making capacity, which is key to facilitating the commercialization of artificial intelligence, and is expected to reach 49.539 billion yuan in 2025.
3.1.3ai server markets are expanding rapidly, and policy drives investment in the add-on status of the i server with cloud operators are increasing steadily in the field of data processing.
Global e-server arrivals in 2023 are estimated to have reached 1,833,000 and are expected to grow to 2,369,000 by 2026, with cagr as high as 22.6 per cent in 2022-2026 and with the extensive application of cutting-edge technologies such as cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, etc., the size of the data is increasing exponentially and the computing capacity of the traditional servers is moving closer.
The limit is not able to meet the growing demand for arithmetic. Compared to traditional servers, ai servers have a strong capacity for parallel computing, capable of efficiently processing large-scale data sets, significantly increasing their computing performance and becoming the core of the next generation’s productive computing infrastructure.
In 2025, the United States introduced stricter controls on the export of the ai and semiconductors, clearly classifying China as a “tier3” level, continuously escalating export restrictions on high-calculative integrated circuits (e.g. Yin Weidahh 100) and prohibiting more than 1026 trainings.
Calculating closed-ai chip exports, coupled with stricter approvals in the field of crystal circle generation, ensures that the following 16 nm advanced processes and hbm technology are blocked. The United States has gradually tightened its control over domestic upstream chip supply in recent years, further affecting the stability of domestic server supply chains.
In order to deal with the policy constraints posed by geo-policy constraints, such as the impact of upstream and downstream production such as chips and artificial intelligence, the national government has put in place policies that encourage the development of arithmetic, thereby cushioning the impact of external influences and supporting the development of a home-grown market.
In 2022, the Internet sector accounted for 47.5% of the downstream application market for our ai servers, far above other areas, while the market share of operators, communications, governments, etc. also exceeded 5%.
In February 2025, Alibaba announced that it would invest more than $380 billion over the next three years, creating the highest record of investment in the ai and cloud computing by private companies in the country.
To build arithmetic capacity, upgrade cloud computing infrastructure, and expand primary ai applications, and promote the integration of existing operations into the depth of the technology. In recent years, the Quest has also accelerated the numeracy layout, with annual capital expenditure bursting by $76.7 billion in 2024, an increase of 221% over the previous year, with a focus on the i model and gpu procurement, self-researching the ii model and self-approaching it.
At the same time, the three operators are accelerating the deployment of the Centre for Ideas, moving their operations from traditional communication networks to the Ideas and Digital Infrastructure. With connectivity as an example, the company has now completed more than 300 training packages.
In the future, the focus of the operator's investment has shifted from a stable-based network of communications to a high-growth network of computing intelligence, using cloud computing, arithmetic and margin computing techniques.
In 2024, the global data hub, gpu, jumped from $17 billion in 2022 to $125 billion, driven mainly by cloud computing and a surge in arithmetic demand. The market’s growth was almost entirely dominated by British Weida.
With the monopoly of cuda ecology and leading hardware parameter performance, the global demand for high-performance arithmeticals continues to be met. The H100tensorcoregpu mix-up blackwell architecture, launched by Weida, has significantly improved its ability to calculate, energy efficiency, and training reasoning, further bridging the technological gap with competing products.
In 2024, British Weida reached 92% of the data centre gpu market and continues to dominate the industry. The national production of the ai chip replacement rate continues to rise, and the technology gap remains to be closed.
With the rapid growth of home-grown computing industries, the first half of 2024, we have reached 200,000 chips, an increase in national production to 20%, and a process of national substitution.
Still accelerating. However, national producers still face challenges in terms of technological innovation and product rotation. British Weida launched b200gpu in March 2024, with a much higher computing performance than H100, further consolidating its leading position, and amd released mi300x in December 2023 to enhance competitiveness in the arithmetic market.
By contrast, domestic firms still have gaps in high-end ai chip process, software ecology, arithmetic optimization, and there is a need to accelerate technological breakthroughs in the future in order to close the gap with leading international firms, achieve a larger 3.2-scale national production of gpu new poles, and achieve a new level of domestic calculation.
3.2.1 Using the gpugpu structure, compatible with cuda ecology, home-grown sealight technology is a gpgpu product, compatible with the rocmgpu (Cuda class) ecological system. Based on the traditional gpu design, gpgpu has retained the simt set in addition to the components associated with graphic processing.
Builds and generic computing modules to efficiently meet common computing needs such as ai training, reasoning tasks, especially in data-intensive tasks such as rectangulations, which provide excellent computing performance. The architecture effectively addresses the need for cpu universal numeracy and responds to the development of artificial intelligence technology.
The company actively promotes open-source eco-building around dcu products, making continuous contributions to open-source communities through tailoring and optimization programmes, focusing on research and development in the areas of artificial intelligence frameworks, programming environments, etc.
It is now compatible with internationally mainstream commercial computing and artificial intelligence software and enhances the availability of products in mainstream software ecosystems. Sealight has achieved the basic autonomy of core systems in key sectors of the national economy, such as finance, telecommunications, and transport, and is a high-end processor product through autonomous development of a set of basic software and applications with international influence.
Landfall applications in open-source ecosystems provide a solid foundation. Figure 32: Sealight complete software system 3.2.2 Performance at international high-end product levels over the same period and multi-area applications
Meanwhile, sealight information continues to grow deep in the cpu area, and it invests a great amount of research and development on the dcu product line to create a high-profile dcu product. British Weidaa 100 is the high-end gpu released by British Weida in 2020, the best commercial performance in the country.
The mil100 and the sealight "Deep Count One" are at the same level of performance as the two international brands. The current sealight information dcu main product is "Deep Count Two" with more than 100% more performance than "Deep Count One".
Large domestic models are fully adapted and have three major technical advantages: Strong computing performance: sea light dcu is dependent on large-scale parallel calculations of microstructures, showing good performance in double, single, semi-precision, orthopaedic calculations, strong performance and high energy efficiency ratios.
2) Efficient parallel processing capacity: Sealight dcu built-in high-bandwidth memory chips, significantly increasing the efficiency of data processing in large-scale data computing missions, enabling sealight dcu to adapt to a wide variety of applications 3) Sound software ecology: Sealight dcu based on gpgpu structure, supporting class “cuda”
Environment, with good performance in the ecological compatibility of software, while companies are actively involved in open source projects to ensure that dcu can match the mainstream development platform of gpgpu.
Computation capabilities of multiple standard integer data types have achieved coverage of the mainstream generic computing tasks. On this basis, companies have moved forward with the introduction of the "Beep Count Two" version of the i-promotion version, which is structured to optimize the training and reasoning of the in-depth learning model, enhance support for low-precision computing formats such as fp16 and int8, and improve the ai-optimization.
3.2.3 DeepSeek is suitable for accelerated landing and further upgrading of sea light performance since 2 February, when the Deepseekv3 and r1 models were matched to the sealight information dcu.
The advantage of the hardware scene is further evident. Deepseekr1 is based on the transformer structure, using two core reasoning techniques: multi-headelentattention(mla) and moe, mla reduces memory occupancy and improves the efficiency of reasoning by reducing kv caches, and moe optimizes the load balance of experts by using auxiliary loss.
High model flexibility and computational efficiency while reducing calculation costs. Sealight information dcu, based on RORC ecologic development, featured prominently in the migration of cuda class codes, enabling them to meet the demand for deepseek applications and to volatilize their computing capabilities.
The competitiveness of the sea light in such applications is further enhanced, and the optimization of industry solutions through the DeepSeek model is expected to enhance product value and market penetration.
At the same time, Deepseek ' s mtp (multi-platform prediction technology) technology optimizes the data processing process, allowing sealight dcu to process larger-scale text data within a unit time. fp8 blends precision training techniques with sealight dcu structure depths, improves data transfer and computing efficiency at the hardware level, and reduces trans-layer data handling
In between, the model training cycle is shortened. In the ari-calculation scenario where margin computing is integrated into the network, energy consumption and volume constraints are further tightened, and the sea light dcu is more competitive in this field, with light-quantified design, optimized low-capacity features and enhanced learning compatibility.
4. Profit forecast and investment recommendation 4.1 Profit projection assumption and business split Sub-business recovery forecast:
The core product covers the two main lines of cpu (general processor) and dcu (co-processor). The cpu product is based on an autonomous development of x86 architecture and continues to contribute to the evolution of the c86 system. The product is continuously upgraded in terms of performance, compatibility, expansion, etc., and a smaller gap has been achieved with mainstream international manufacturers.
The company has more than 50% of the market in the national production server cpu. dcu products focus on one-size-fits-all scenarios, big data, cuda ecology, coupled development tool chains are gradually perfected, and there are good matchmaking and outreach capabilities.
In the context of increased policy friction between China and the United States, the need for an arithmetic chip with autonomous control features will increase further. The company ' s cpu+dcu dual track-driven demand accelerates release, adding up the company ' s performance in 2024 in the high end processor field, contributing $9,134 million.
With the increasing penetration of core products in the high end processor market, we expect Māori in 2025-2027 2) technical services support: this income is recognized as a service content for companies to provide customer technical support, technical advice, technology development, etc. The major increase in related revenues in 2024 was in the company ' s custom services clearing house.
So, there is no reference to the judgment of later income growth trends. Considering that such income is collected by companies, and given the open space for high-end processors in the company ' s core business to grow in the context of a national production-substitution trend, we anticipate an increase in the total business income of $138,222,193,294 million for the period 2025-2027.
In terms of sales costs, as companies continue to grow in size, market penetration continues to rise, and customer relations are becoming stronger downstream, marketing channels are becoming more mature and sales costs are expected to be further optimized. In terms of management costs, companies have continued to build their management systems in recent years, through institutional regulation and organizational structures.
In the context of rising levels of corporate governance, it is expected that firms will continuously increase their investment in core technology and high-end talent in order to enhance the competitiveness of core products. Given that competition in future markets will remain strong, firms are expected to maintain high levels of R&D.
However, thanks to the rapid growth in operating income and the gradual maturity of the technological framework, the main sealight information camp high-end processor products cover both the core directions of cpu and dcu. Cold martial arts is focused on artificial intelligence chips, and products are mainly used in cloud servers and on edge computing scenes, in conjunction with company dcu products.
In the field of applications, which are highly compatible and comparable; in the field of cores, which are focused on cpu processors with a broad range of products serving e-government, similar to the direction of the company ' s cpu application, the collection structure has a reference value, and we have chosen to compare it with the ps for the period 2025-2027.
Given the excellent performance of high-end sealight information processors in terms of performance, compatibility, expansion, etc., and given the growing demand for home-grown chips and the increasingly severe overseas technology blockade, we appreciate the continuous increase in corporate income and profitability and the maintenance of the “recommended” rating.
1) R & D progress is less risky than expected. Companies focus on high-end generic processors, product renewal, and new architecture development, requiring a sustained and substantial investment of human and financial resources. As technology-intensive industries, there is some uncertainty as to how the core technology breakthroughs and product performance can be achieved, if future R & D directions are misjudged or critical.
Technology, performance indicators fall short of expectations and will adversely affect the transformation of corporate R & D outcomes and profitability. 2) Intellectual property risks. Companies have accumulated a wealth of intellectual property reserves, including patents, software copyrights, integrated circuit layout designs and know-how, which are key to building core competitiveness.
Existing intellectual property rights are violated, misused or disputed with third parties, which may interfere with the company’s business, while international markets differ in the application of intellectual property law and in the determination of criteria, and companies face a certain risk of extraterritorial compliance and potential litigation, or have an impact on business expansion.
3) Client concentration is high risk. Corporate clients are concentrated mainly in domestic head-server manufacturers, with relatively high household concentration.
Optimized client structure may adversely affect corporate business stability and income continuity. Methodology and analytical logic leads to research findings, independent and objective presentation of the report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not motivated or influenced by any third party, who have not been, or will not be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.