The Mango Supermomentation (300413.sz) 2021 and the Quarterly Review 2022: Core Master Table Mango Media
The company is a unified new medium under the banner of Radio and Television Hunan, a platform for the physical industry and capital operation that, together with the Hunan Watch, constitutes a two-platform-driven, media-wide mix within the mango ecology.
The net return to the mother is 507 million yuan (compared to 34.39 per cent).
The two-wheel-drive concept of semi-content versus core autonomous technology, which is based on good core content-driven performance, with high levels of effective membership and advertising income innovation.
The number of members reached 50.4 million: the operator earns $2.12 billion (+27.17 per cent of the year): content production +2.5 per cent. The quality content drives the mangotv Internet video business (advertisement + membership + membership +).
A variety of films, including "Sisters in the Wind" and "Brothers in the Wind" and "I'm Good in the Country" and other headlines, have been well aired, driving innovation in the number of effective members and advertising income.
q1 a year, the company achieved a business income of 3,124 million yuan (-22.08%), which, apart from the 21-year q1 base, affected the progress of content production, leading to a delay in the distribution of the main art programmes. q2 in 2022, Mangotv will continue to carry a heavy weight of content, with the Acousticity coming online from April 24th.
The first day of the week, the cumulative amount of aircasts fell to hundreds of millions, and the follow-up reserves, including " Sisters in the Wind " , " Brother in the Wind " , and so on, are expected to lead to a gradual recovery in corporate performance. tv The share of Internet video business activity has increased steadily and the associated costs have risen steadily.
Rates, management rates, R & D rates of 16.1 per cent, 4.5 per cent, 1.8 per cent, respectively, are generally stable. The Department has a strong cost-control capacity, and by the end of 2021, Mangotv had 26 integrated arts home-made teams, 29 video production teams and 34 New Mango strategic studios, based on Tomango ecology, with content.
The Māori rate is expected to increase steadily as the company’s ability to produce its own content is further released. The new track is actively laid, fostering new growth poles.
In 2021, the company created a new brand, m-city, and layout, based on high-quality content such as the Big Detective's Big Breaking Out.
In addition, the company focuses on innovation in the shape of content products, actively exploring cutting-edge technologies such as ar,vr, s14808001 xr, further extending the industrial chain and nurturing new growth poles.
Profit forecasting and rating: The company has a well-established system of self-regulation, which is expected to continue to export the explosive content, driving members, s148052078 advertising revenues to continue to grow, while the company actively nurtures new growth poles and deepens the industrial layout. We are firm.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is not as well as expected; (4) progress in the production of content affected by the epidemic. Mango supermedia (300413.sz) annual report 2021 and one-quarter review in 2022: Core masters perform well, focusing on highlights.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
The East is a source of financial and intellectual growth: a web-based, short video, long video, live, music, and audio books, and an Internet-based development of life-services, with the United States company at its core, covering catering, tourist accommodation, automobile services, etc.
I'm going to study at the heart of the study, track the progress of the various businesses and competitors, cover the network community, short videos, long videos, digital reading, etc.; I'm going to track the development of the Internet in the service of life, with the Corps at the core, covering the course of the service, such as catering, tourist accommodation, etc.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
The Mango Supermedia 2021 and the first quarter of 2022: The core industry has performed well, focusing on priority content, and does not guarantee that the information and recommendations contained will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.