Mango SuperMechanism: Queer 3 becomes a social issue, a two-way platform for the re-engineering of the marketing ecology Mango SuperMechanism (300413.sz)
Incident: On 20 May, Hunan Vigilance, Mangotv held a two-platform learning seminar attended by the party secretary of Hunan Guang Film Group Ltd., Chairman Zhang Huali, Mango super-media general manager Tsai Huai Jun, Director General of Hunan Vigilance Song Point, etc.
& Mangotv's New Ecology Council is held in Changsha, where Hunan Watch and Mangotv launch a two-platform integration ceremony. The two-platform management introduces to the market the 2022 congenial content and marketing trends of the two-platform platform.
It's about 200 million young viewers after 90 years of observation, 65% of Mongo tv users under 24 years of age, in the form of a dual platform, with 77 content, making a mid-stage team, "1+1 = King Bombing" that leads the young market forces. And Hunan sighted and Mango super.
The list of participants in the May 20 seminar shows the cross-checking of the leadership of Hunan Guangkom, the Mangotv integration and development.
The army is also the secretary of the Hunan Vigilance Party, strengthening the new operating model of the network, which is expected to result in a series of changes in content, evaluation mechanisms, and institutional reforms in the future. As the two-platform pool of resources is optimized, the integrated media model of the network will play the role of supermagnetic ecology and super-integration.
The matrix, the super-global users have three main competitive advantages, which will be closely integrated in the future in information centres, styles, urban channels, etc., with the first long video new paradigm, the re-engineering of marketing ecology, assistive materials, the steady and increasing output of the Congregation N programme, and the new audience.
In terms of programming, there are several headlines. "Hello Saturday" brings together two platform resources to create a more luxurious "good six" family, "Sky Up" escalates into a talk show of young tidal culture + antiquity, and the first day of season 3 is aired more than 1/2 season, both of which is ready.
Hotness and topic, Acousticity, the season of Hong Kong, the season of Acousticity, which is about to yield more than 38.620 billion attentions, and the continued expansion of ip-related shops, m-city, Chinese Restaurant 6, Time Concert 11, Flowers and Junior Camp season, are about to be upgraded; and in the area of innovative programming,
Sinda Securities Inc. is concerned with social issues, but it's fun to be honest. The key word for Good Ages is the wind + cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Comedys, pursuit of youth culture, firm cultural self-confidence, The Model Justice Group, Anti-Travel Union, 9th House of the City of Beijing, West Side Street, Building 1, focus on reality issues.
Different groups, and even more, the first Genuine-to-Island reality show on the social chain of the meta-cosmos, are starting to light the summer. Pluralized programming is expected to enrich the user community, raise the income of its members, and the increased visibility of the platform’s integration will also help attract businesses.
The two-platform video production team has been upgraded, and the original drama is a little bit more flowery. At the meeting, the company released dozens of highly expected plays from the three theatres, the two-platform senior curry plus the new power force, assembled 23 new teams to build a stable and sustainable film production system.
In conjunction with the pioneers of the experiment, the Mango monsoon theatre, which is an age-oriented and realistic service, last year was shown nine plays, with the top six viewers being the highest soybean-rated theatre, the Summer of Zhang Wei's "A Extraordinary Doctor" and the "Observant's Spirit" waiting for the airing of the show to increase its heat; and the Golden Eagle's solo theatre was designed for young viewers.
In the context of the macro-reverse, it is possible to stabilize the production and quality of the drama by combining the original visual forces of the two platforms. Investment proposals: companies will continue to integrate mainstream new media groups and front-line media platforms in the future.
\triangleright combines two-end advantages, moving from contentip to multiple scenes.
Scratch 2 determines the revenue from advertising, which will result in a definite increase in the company's revenue of 22q2, while consolidating the growth in performance in the second half of the year, relying in the long term on a constantly innovative mix of topics (two days after the airing of Wave 3, the King's heart plays qq music, b stations, microblogs, etc.)
In addition to the publication of the National Cultural Digital Opinions, the Mango SuperMechanism is expected to increase its valuation as a new media platform for wide-scale electricity, and it is recommended that close attention be paid to it.
In 2016-2021, he worked on Skywind Securities, covering a number of plates such as the Internet, games, advertising, electricity, and the meta-cosmos.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.