This is a short-term pressure on the O.R.O.O., and we're looking at the follow-up.
2.6 billion yuan (yoy+11.57 per cent) was deducted from the parent ' s net profit. 3124 million yuan (yoy-22.08 per cent) was collected in the first quarter of 2022; 507 million yuan (yoy-34.39 per cent) was deducted from the healthy growth of Internet video operations in 2021, with a sharp increase in revenue from head-to-head hot spots.
In terms of core business, Mangotv Internet video business (advertisement + membership + running business) has maintained a steady growth of $11,261 million (yoy +24.29 per cent) in operating income. 1) In terms of publicity, $5,453 million (yoy +31.75 per cent) has been realized, mainly because of the wide variety of home-grown art.
Through the provision of one-stop marketing services, it has been possible to increase the amount of money available for head-to-head blending, which has reached the highest level in the industry, while achieving stability and steady growth in the number of vendors, which has opened 118 new advertising clients throughout the year; 2) membership has increased to 50.4 million members
(yoy+39.5 per cent) to generate 3,688 million yuan (yoy+13.3 per cent), and the Mango tv channel has been strengthened gradually, with a significant increase in membership turnover and user penetration; 3) the operator has achieved 2.120 billion yuan (yoy+27.17 per cent) in all aspects of its operations, with the development of a mobile Migu culture around China.
In-depth strategic collaboration in screen operations, 5g innovation, etc., to scale up operations in the provinces, with robust growth in performance and high-quality reserve layout platform development New growth points continue to develop when content breaks down
1) In the case of the arts, the company has 26 production teams, producing more than 40 such arts in 2021, _aaa_mango supermedia (300413).
In the show, the company has 29 video production teams and 34 strategic studios for the New Man Plan, which are active in both the video and the short play. In 2021, the monsoon theatre was launched, featuring a series of special features from many angles.
We're starting with a variety of issues, and we're building up a series of good slogans like "I'm Good in Other Country"; the "Master Project" is continuing to explore the market for microscopic dramas, and the annual mini-fiction series "Queens in Strikes" has achieved good results, with more than 500 million hits.
The company optimizes its organizational structure and adapts its three subsidiaries, Mango Leisure, Mango Recreation, Mango Recreation and Mango Recreation, into Mangotv's subsidiary, focusing on monsoon theatre self-forming, philanthropy innovation, and landscape recreation.
Xia Qingjian, effective synergy to enhance excellence and innovation in the field of polycryptic content and to increase its presence in the city of Long Video Platforms (S02700520050001)
In 2022, the resurgence of the epidemic delayed the production of content, keeping in mind that the follow-up reserves were able to boost their performance. Last year, during the same period, the hot airing of Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiang promoted a significant increase in the advertising and membership income base over the past year.
The reoccurrence of the new crown disease affected the speed of production of the company's content, the overall plan was postponed, and the planned broadcast of the priority polymagnetism Souvenir was postponed until the second quarter, resulting in lower than expected net profits from the collection and repatriation of the entire quarter; and the follow-up q2, q2.
q3 will be on the line with the Quakers, Quakers, Quakers, and so on, with the “small and fine” monsoon theatre reserves in the time series, and the “Big Production” historical show, “The River of the World” will soon be on the line. The company will be able to highlight innovation in the field of Quasi and its ability to produce its own content.
To enrich the platform’s content reserve, the smooth roll-out of the content is expected to lead to a gradual recovery in performance. Risk factors: policy regulatory uncertainty, slow growth in membership, poor content performance, new business expansion, brain drain, etc.