Mango super-magnet (300413.sz) short-term pressure on performance, follow-up play-runs, media/digital media
2104 and 2201 fell in performance as a result of the broadcast and epidemic. In 2021, the company achieved a 153.56 drop of 34.39% in revenue. The company’s core Internet video business continued to grow by 24%, maintaining the core strength of content, advertising far beyond its peers, and the company’s core logic remained constant, abiding by long-termism.
37.00-39.00 Content autonomy, integrity and innovation: Internet video has been growing steadily, with attention paid to member price increases and advertising progress.
Payers earn $73.17, equal to 18.78 per cent, and the long video industry competes in the stock generation, with an increase of 31,75 per cent to $5,45 billion, mangotv and other types of advertising brands with a total of more than 1,000 soft, hard, program-based advertising, and " Sisters on the Wave 2 " offers the highest amount of money in the industry.
In the same year, 27.17% to 2.12 billion dollars were added, and companies worked with China’s mobile Migus, 5g innovation, etc., in a deep strategic way, increasing both in- and out-of-town operations. Continued intensive cultivation of the contents, Xiao Man’s attempt to introduce strategic shareholders, and a focus on new business innovations.
In the show, Food, Sleeping Gardens, and Eating with You. The 2022 company video shows will take advantage of the Mango Season, which will be more than 40% of the innovation.
The programme, “Singing the Wave 3” and others, will be on the line at 2202; the 21-year-old Mango SuperMechanism - 300413 - 2021 annual report will be evaluated: short-term factor disturbance performance table dau 1.26 million, with 22 years to be introduced as strategic shareholders; and the script killing will give further impetus from the tree pole to the top.
" Mango SuperMechanism - Three Quarterly Review 300413-2021: Good Performance, Focusing on New Shops ' Transformations; New Geococosystems of Digital Collections, Virtual People, etc. " with new technologies on a continuous basis. " Mango SuperMemorism - Mid-Year Review: Good Performance, New Business Capable.
Mango SuperMechanism - 300413 - Platform Content: Mango Models from video patterns inside and outside the country. Mango SuperMemuring - 300413 - In-depth Report: Multiple Realizations: "Little Man", "The Script" Impact, Members still expect price increases in the medium term, advertising continues to grow higher than their counterparts, content power providers
There are still expectations of growth, as the core logic of the Mangotv media platform remains the same for the long term, the main industry remains efficient, growth, companies are keeping pace with new trends in the industry, new tracks, new business patterns, taking into account the 2201 epidemic, repeated influences on the company's related catalogues and dramas, and actual reporting is lagging behind.
The annual slowdown in corporate performance was due mainly to: 1) industry regulation of recreational integration, “Clean” actions, which led to a decline in the production of interactive and entertainment content in the company's new media, resulting in a reduction in industry content mix, film and film volume; 2)
3) The decline in performance of 2104 is mainly due to delays in project broadcasting, which affects performance throughout the year. The company’s core backbone, Internet video business, maintains 24% growth, maintains core content brand power, advertises business well beyond its peers, achieves 32% growth, the company’s core logic remains unchanged, and adheres to long-termism, content self-contained
In 21 years, the company will find a gold dividend of $1.3 (including taxes) per 10 shareholders, 34.39%.
The second quarter will be marked by the launch of such high-profile philosophies as Windstorm 3 and a video series. Cost rates, management costs, financial costs and research and development costs, respectively, figure 6: Changes in Mango ultra-media rates
The growth of Internet videos has been steady, with attention paid to member price increases and advertising progress. The company's core mango tv Internet video business achieved operating revenues of $11,261 million, a year-on-year increase. Average single-paying user income of $73.17, a decrease of 18.78 per cent. The long video industry has entered a competitive stock generation.
Following industry-wide price increases, the company adjusted its membership prices as of 2 January 2022: of these, the monthly price of successive packages would be increased by $1, the price of consecutive seasons would be increased by $5, and the price of consecutive years would be increased by $10. In addition, the monthly and tica prices would remain unchanged, and the annual card price would be increased by $20.
2) Advertising business increased by 31,75 per cent to 5,450 million in the same year, mangotv and other types of advertising brands increased by more than 1,000, and " Sisters in the Wind " 2 offered the highest number of vendors in the industry. 3) Operators increased 27,17 per cent to 2,120 million in the same year, with companies running large screens and 5g with mobile Micaw in China.
In-depth strategic collaboration, such as innovation, has led to an increase in both in- and out-of-provincial operations. Figure 9: Mango ultra-media Internet video advertising revenue and growth, ratio 10: Mango ultra-media Internet video operator income and growth, ratio
Figure 12: Average single-paying income and speed of growth of mango super-magnets Continuous deep-cultivation content, aimed at strategic shareholders, focusing on new business innovations 1.877 billion dollars in 2021, equivalent to 32.1 per cent for the production of interactive entertainment content in the new media.
The Department has restructured the three branches of Mango Shadows, Mango Recreation, Mango Recreation and Mango Recreation into Mangotv's subsidiary, which brings together the Caricature Seasonal Theatre for home-made, creative and landscape-based entertainment. 1) Mangotv has 26 monolithic production teams with Mangotv on top of the line.
40 home-made amphibious shows, 2) Mango tv has 29 film and video production teams and 34 "New Ministry, "The Mangang Plan" mini-docs. According to bone data, 21 years of broadcast was based on the previous art, "Study 7" , 3.23 billion, "Our Life Hot" , 2.24 billion.
One billion dollars, " Eat with you " , 1.45 billion dollars. 2022 companies have been working on video-blowing content innovation, using the Mango monsoon theatre as a tool for continuous production of time-friendly, visual experience-revealing and innovative research and development.
In accordance with the company content production and distribution plan, a series of high-profile comprehensives and films, such as “Spill the Wave 3,” will be launched in 2202. In 2021, 2,157 million, or 2.5%, were collected by the company’s content power provider.
In 2022, the company will upgrade its "Video+Integrity+Electrator" content vendor model to enable the newcomer country. Meanwhile, the Mang generation will introduce strategic shareholders and promote synergies between the MMC and the business sectors of the entire Mango biosphere.
With regard to the new track, in 2022, the company’s viewing entertainment business will further promote a shift from tree poles to new shops. In 2021, based on high-quality content such as the Big Detective’s Secret Room Breakout, pip was extended from the line to the bottom of the line, creating a brand-new m-city, dedicated to creating an underline view entertainment complex, from script creation and copyright protection.
dm training, offline physical operations, etc. Establishment of industry poles and export industry standards. In addition, based on the 5g priority laboratory, which was awarded by the General Directorate of National Wide Power, the company will promote the development and application of technology for the production and dissemination of nft, digital production and virtual content, and explore the shape, technical applications and operations of 5g+ media products for the meta-cosm
In the long run, the core logic of the Mangotv media platform has not changed, the epidemic has repeatedly affected company-related catalogues and theatres, thus making related uncertainties in advertising, etc., while the actual statements have delayed impact, and we maintain a 22-year profit forecast, with a 23-year net profit reduction of 5.36 per cent.
Target market value measurement for 22 years: Internet video business (member+advertise) is expected to generate $11.7 billion in 22 years, the company is the only video platform in the market to achieve a profit/loss balance, 2201 ps hub is in 4-5x, recent payments are falling short of expectations, and mango over-poll users remain stable.
(a) Frequency operations (operators) under the Pe-law, considering current peer-to-comparison companies for 12 x, corresponding to the market value of 12.7 billion;
Table 1: Market value measurement of corporate segment objectives for 22 years (consolidated Wind and Bloomberg data, the performance projections of the United States dollar markers for Aichiri, Beep, Naifi and Disney quote market-consistent expectations.)
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject