Exact content q2 is starting to go online, or driving up performance at a speed.
• Q1 performance over and above q1 performance for follow-up ultimatums, maintenance of the “buy-in” rating, annual reports of 2021 and quarterly reports of 2022, business income of 15,356 million (same as + 9.64 per cent) in 2021, net profit return to mothers of 2.114 billion (same as + 6.66 per cent) and net profit growth in receipts and returns
This is due to a sustained increase in advertising revenue and membership. The same-year decline in business income of 2022q1 at $3.12 billion is mainly due to the new crown epidemic, the delayed distribution of Mangotv's Quarterly Focused Multi-Cultural Program and the continued growth of Quality Content-driven advertising revenue and membership.
In 2021, the company ' s advertising industry achieved revenue of $5.473 billion (+31.75 per cent of the same year) and its membership grew by 39.5 per cent from the same year. In 2021, Mangotv went on top of 40 home-made art shows, and came on line with a variety of films.
We believe that home-grown quality content is the core driving force behind the growth in corporate advertising revenue and membership, and that companies are actively optimizing their organizational structures, strengthening their own strengths, and are expected to continue to grow their platforms.
The company update report, "Brothers" or "Hong Kong's Happy Arts" was launched on April 24th, the first issue of "Song Lives", was shown on April 25th, with an increase in the Māori rate of "O3" and a rich stock of entertainment.
Over $80 million, Sisters on Wave 3 will be on the line in the second quarter, followed by "Brothers on the Bride" and "Brief on the Breakout" and "Star Detective 8" and so on. In our view, the company's home-grown, "Info Update Report - Advertising has grown faster."
The advantages of the art content are evident, followed by the upswing of the refined content or the driving up of the company’s performance.
It's expected that the monsoon theater will break the circle.