Mango SuperMechanism (300413): High-quality supply in 2022 (for the first time)
The pace of production of content is influenced by the delay in the distribution of the highlights; the second, the high base; the impact; and the second quarter of the company's highlights, such as "Assisting the Wave 3" and the video series, in which the real person shows the music, "Audible Nostalgia " .
On April 24th, the company went on the line with excellent performance. Looking back, in the third quarter of 2019, the company also made short-term profit payments from the soul, but the company actively optimized the content and did not stop the innovation to promote the business and society of June 2020.
By 2021, the company had 26 production teams, 29 video production teams and 34 strategic workshops for the New Man Plan.
In 2021, the core business of Mangotv received $11.26 billion in Internet video.
Advertisement revenue of $5.4 billion (year-on-year increase of $24.29 per cent): 50.4 million active members of Mangotv (year-on-year increase of 39.5 per cent) at the end of the membership and over 61 million downloads of Mangotv international applications to practise China
In 2022, we also saw a positive increase in advertising, driven by the supply of quality content, and members’ income. At the new end of the business, the company’s increased input strategy also matched the user’s needs, such as the country’s own.
In 2021, 2,157 million yuan (2.5 per cent more than in the same year) was collected by content dealers and national content generators.
The new business is expected to boost the company's follow-up collection of mango content genetic aids, as well as the cultural encounters, and the Mango cosmodrome, which has a digital collection of mangotv online in March 2022 (currently temporarily embedded in mangotv and so on).
It's the first step in a meta-cosm strategy, a follow-up mangotv virtual person, vr and content. Mango ecology will focus on 5g of the National Radio and Television Agency.
The lab is the base, exploring the creation of a mango-cosmos platform, where the value of the combination of scientific power and craftsmen is much better than the value of mangos in the next propagating form of competition, giving them a “recommended” rating. We think that companies are based on sustainable content self-regulation.
Ecology, further upgrading content innovation and platform operations, driving new operations to explore less than expected risks, lack of censorship of film and video productions, potential risks posed by artists' own factors, risks of inefficient fund-raising, macros
Introduction to the new consumer group of the media: Bachelor of Science, Master of Finance, with experience in business, November 2021, joined the China Securities Research Institute, covering, inter alia, Internet sections of media games.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.