On 11 March 2019, the company issued its annual report for 2018. During the reporting period, the company achieved a gross operating income of $1002,92.992 million, an increase of 22.49 per cent over the previous year; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $94,062.7 million, a decrease of 0.19 per cent over the same period.
Quarterly net profits exceeded $317 million, a new one-quarter high, with a slightly higher overall performance than expected. 19 years will be a critical period for companies to improve their performance, with a projected gain of $230-33 million in one quarter, representing a significant increase of 103.29% to 191.67%.
The source of Eastern financial and intellectual growth has been held up by a quarter, and performance has been almost equal throughout the year. As a result of the late spring of 18 years, the product starts downstream in a quarter about a month later than in previous years, demand for acrylic acids and esters has decreased and prices have fallen.
The impact was a severe loss of production due to the production of 160,000 tons of acrylic acid and 150,000 tons of acrylic esters per year, 90,000 tons of acrylic resin per year, and 21,000 tons of pigment intermediates per year. The price falls to the company ' s profits of only $113 million a quarter of 18q1, delaying the performance of the entire year. After one quarter, companies showed a very strong market operating capacity, with net return profits of 214 million, 296 million and 317 million yuan, respectively, being realized in the next three quarters.
The growth of 10.93 per cent, 40.13 per cent and 24 per cent over the same 17-year period ensured stable performance throughout the year. 18-year overall acrylic acid industry performed smoothly, pdh contributed the main profit. 18-year total no additional Acid production, and demand recovered throughout the year \triangleright
Acrylic acids are profitable and their average price differentials have maintained a favourable level for 17 years. And pdh has become the main form of corporate profitability, with an annual average price difference of $3298 per ton, an average increase of $538 per ton over 17 years. The company ' s polypropenes, acrylic acids and esters contributed significantly to the profitability of Maori sap operations in 2018 and are expected to develop in the future.
\triangleright Sap's business was lost and lost. A total of $342 million was collected in 2018, contributing more than $66 million and a Māori rate of 19.38 per cent, an increase of 18.6 percentage points compared to 2017. The company will run a test vehicle for 60,000 additional capacity under the Sap3 project in April 1919.
As companies grow their production skills and open up new channels for downstream customers, companies will move forward to consolidate their niche in the domestic market, and future developments are expected. From 19 to 19 they will enter the company’s performance path. From 19 to 19 they will enter the company’s intensive new production and release period, with the company adding 450,000 tons of new pdh II production capacity.
The company will be able to deliver another 60,000 tons of sap production in the second quarter, and the company’s additional 360,000 tons of acrylic acid and ester production will come into production in the third quarter of this year, which is expected to contribute to its annual performance next year. In addition, the company’s 125 million tons of ethylene ethylene fission solution project is progressing in an orderly manner, and is expected to receive an endorsement from the government of Xu Xu’s new district.
In the third quarter of next year, corporate performance growth will be assured over the next three years, and the Ethylene project will significantly increase corporate performance. According to our calculations, the project will make a net annual profit of more than $2 billion after its successful commissioning.
Due to uncontrollable factors, the company’s year-on-year performance has declined slightly. In 19 years, the company will see the gradual release of new capacity, pdh II and acrylates will develop in the future, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the South's wealth, the source of the South's wealth,
Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore; B.A., Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics + Bachelor of Laws, cfa.
Research assistant profile: Law 4-D Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering, New York State University, United States of America, cfa-witness, three years of chemical engineering experience.
Author of 5 national and foreign patents and more than 10 articles signed by leading international academic journals, with a cumulative number of references. Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, Master of Chemical Engineering, University of Tarsa, United States of America, four years of experience in overseas chemical industries, joined Dong-hing Xu Kunlun in May 2018
Both undergraduate and M.A. are in the Department of Chemical Engineering at the University of Qinghua, where they worked at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three-year experience in the management of chemical technology development, and analyze their own research views. Any part of their remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies