Low-performance capacity to consolidate industry leaders, satellite petrochemical-satellite petrochemical (002648).
The company achieved a gross operating income of $1002,929.92 million, an increase of 22.49 per cent over the same period in the previous year; 1. The occasional events of the first quarter led to a slight decline in year-on-year performance over the same period; due to the late spring of 18 years, the product starts down in a quarter one month later than in previous years.
The demand for acrylic acids and esters has been reduced by the same ratio, and prices have fallen. In addition, the company's base has been affected by a quarterly steam supply accident in the park, resulting in 160,000 tons of acrylic acid and 150,000 tons of acrylates per year, 90,000 tons of aqueous resin per year, and a year.
The production of 21,000 tons of pigment intermediates stopped, resulting in a significant loss of production. The price fell to the company, which earned only $113 million in the first quarter of 18q1, delaying its performance throughout the year. One quarter later, the company showed a very strong market operating capacity, and the next three quarters realized a net return on its return.
Rs 214 million, 296 million and 310 million yuan, respectively, representing an increase of 10.93 per cent over the 17-year period, which is expected. The main reason is that there is no new ABS production for the entire 18-year period, that the demand has recovered and that the profit margins have been good for the entire year, and that the average price differentials have been positive for 17 years.
Gas levels. Pdh became the main way for companies to make a profit, with an annual average price difference of $3298 per ton, an average increase of $538 per ton over 17 years.2 The low performance has passed and corporate performance will increase rapidly over the next three years.
In our view, the low performance of the company has passed, starting in 19 with successive investment in the company's productive capacity.
Released. The company ' s additional Pdh2 output of 450,000 tons was successfully driven at the end of last year, reaching full capacity in February this year, and will provide the company ' s 19-year major performance growth.
In the second quarter, 60,000 tons of sap energy will be released, and the company will add 360,000 tons of acrylic acid and ester production.
The 1.25 million tonnes of ethylene fission ethylene project is progressing in an orderly fashion, and is now receiving an evaluation from Xu Xinjin 3, Satellite Pulsification (002648), which is expected to be launched in the third quarter of next year.
The successful launch of the project will result in a net annual profit of more than $2 billion, and the performance of the company will be evaluated in three quarters by Satellite Pulse (002648).
Acid prices have continued to rise since 19 years, and the average price difference has remained at the beginning of the year to date compared to the last quarter.
According to our statistics, only Jiangsu Sangi and Shandong Noor have been able to produce 230,000 tons of new capacity in 18 years, and the pace and conditions of work have not been particularly satisfactory.
We believe that 19 years of acrylic industry will remain neutral, with companies as industry leaders, size and cost advantages, and that, according to our statistics, only 1.7 million tons of new acrylic capacity will be available in 18 years.
With satellite petrochemical pdh II), only 1.85 million tons of new acrylic production capacity were added in 19 years. The supply and demand of the acrylic industry continued to tighten, and the company ' s total production capacity of 900,000 tons of pdh would be profitable in a market environment with medium-high shocks in crude oil prices.
Satellite petrochemicals (002648); low-performing capacity to consolidate industry leaders, influenced by uncontrollable factors, with companies showing a slight decline in year-on-year performance. The company is about to see a gradual release of new capacity, pdh II and acrylic acid in 19 years.
New projects are not as productive as expected; downstream products are not in demand as expected.
Satellite petrochemicals (002648). Low performances have led to the consolidation of the industry. Liu Woo-Chou, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore; Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space + Bachelor of Financial Engineering + Double Law, cfa.
Master of Chemical Engineering, Industrial Catalytic and Response Engineering, University of Qinghua, Zhang Minghua, 3 years of experience in chemical industries, research in the chemical industry since 2015, research assistant profile
Law 4-D Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Cinghua, Doctor of Chemical Engineering, cfa holder, three years of experience in chemical engineering. Many international leading academic journals, with 5 national and international patents, and more than 10 papers from leading international academic journals, have been cited almost 1,000 times.
B.A. in Chemical Engineering, Beijing Polytechnic University, LL.M. in Chemical Engineering, Talsa University, United States of America, four years of experience in chemical engineering overseas, joined Dong-hing, Xu Kullen, May 2018. Benko and M.A. were both in the Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, formerly at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three years of experience in chemical technology development and management.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.