c3 energy expansion +c2 output layout opens up upwards satellite petrochemical (002648.sz) development space
On 11 March, Liu Lanjing published the annual report for 2018 on satellite petrochemicals. During the reporting period, the company was responsible for billions of yuan, a decrease of 0.19 per cent over the same period.
(i) The year-round performance was equal to one quarter of the industry caused by the steam accident The performance was delayed and there was a significant increase in performance in three or four quarters
As Ka Heng Base was affected by a gas unit accident in the industrial park in the first quarter of the year, the company lost 61.21% of its net profit on the first quarter of the year. As the company continued to improve its operations, the net profit on the second, third, and fourth quarters increased significantly, especially in the third and fourth quarters.
Figure 1: Company revenue in the single quarter of 2018 increased at an equal rate (ii) pdh II project is expected to become fully operational in 2019 during the year
The company will further consolidate the c3 industry chain advantage, enhance market voice and guarantee growth in company performance.
(iii) The ethane steam fission project was orderlyly advanced to develop space upwards by the company, which led the deployment of the ethylene fission ethylene project in the country (1.2525 million tonnes per year in two phases), and is currently in construction work month. The company signed a contract with the Korean ship company for the construction of the six largest ethane transporters worldwide.
Work on the project is proceeding in an orderly manner, with one phase of the project expected to be completed by the end of 2020, when the c3 industry chain will together form a twin engine for the growth of the company itself, opening up further room for upward development.
The risk of significant price increases for raw materials, lower downstream demand than expected, and less progress in project construction than expected. Figure 2: Corporate annual operating income and the rate of increase in the same year. Figure 3: Companies ' annual net return profits and the rate of increase in the same year
Figure 4: Cost rates during the company period