\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
In the fourth quarter, the company will realize a net return to the mother of 247.34 to $34.734 billion, which is higher than in the previous quarter, higher oil prices, higher quality efficiency and a significant increase in the company ' s operating efficiency. Oil and gas prices accelerated in 2022 as a result of the conflict in the Russian Federation, and Brent crude oil prices averaged $98.60 per barrel throughout the year, compared to 2021.
In this context, the company insists on efficient exploration, efficient exploitation, increased exploration capacity, and active promotion of oil and gas reserves. Given the company’s operational structure, the oil and gas exploration industry is expected to increase in 2022.
Global upstream capital spending is expected to remain high, with low global upstream capital spending expected to remain high. According to Oec, global upstream capital spending declined in a step-by-step manner in 2015 and again in 2020 due to the impact of the epidemic.
1. China ' s oil depths (601857.sh) report: the source flow of dredging is drying up in the production wells, and lower capital expenditure means that supply-side growth will become more weak. However, the oil and gas are long and deep-frozen by 2022/12/28.
Consumption is still growing steadily, and oil and gas prices are expected to remain high in the medium to long term, with China's oil (601857.sh) reporting for the third quarter of 2022: high oil and gas exploration performance, short-term refining pressure - 2
Deeply promoting the upgrading of refining operations and maintaining a green low-carbon transition. The company has built new materials research in Shanghai \triangleright 3. Chinese oil (601857.sh) semi-annual report in 2022.
The Institute and the New Materials Research Institute in Japan have been increasing research and development on new chemical materials, and have advanced in the process of refining the transition.
In addition, the company insists on a green, low-carbon transition, wind power generation, geothermal, etc., new announcement points: benefiting from the rise in oil prices, the company's 2021 industry has steadily expanded its energy operations; promoting the integration of hydrocarbons and new energy sources, and investing in a “hydrogen-thermal” mix.
China Oil (601857): Sustained growth in revenue, net profit investment proposal: The company is a domestic oil and gas flagship, rich in upstream oil and gas resources and complete downstream industrial chain. \triangleright
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective production, and accountability for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or opinions in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.