Non-financial companies report on their performance below expectations to guarantee steady and sustained growth in hand and nuclear power projects: 1) The company discloses its semi-annual performance in 2025, and 2025h1 realizes business income of 39.17 billion yuan.
The purchase of nuclear power in Huezhou, the acquisition of 82 per cent of the nuclear power in Huezhou, the second nuclear power in Huezhou, Liu Xiaoning, the third nuclear power in Huezhou, and the Tianjiang nuclear power, was valued at $9.38 billion.
Electricity prices have fallen, other earnings have fallen and income tax costs have increased, and companies have performed poorly on their 25h1 profits. 1) At the end of the revenue collection, the 2025h1 company achieved 12.13 billion kilowatts of electricity generation, an increase of 6.1 per cent over the same year, but it has been traded in the market.
The impact of the fall in electricity prices, with average market prices falling by 8.23 per cent on a year-on-year basis, resulted in a 0.93 per cent increase in the company ' s electricity receipts in the first half of the year, and a 5.4 per cent decrease in the Māori rate in the same year; 2) 25q2 achieved other gains only
Tax revenue charges have been raised again, with a 17.9 per cent increase in income tax costs for the same year for the company 2025h1 mainly due to the expiry of tax preferences for some of the fleets and the adjustment of tax policies. According to the company announcement, the company adjusted income tax for the previous year by $590 million (compared to $600 million for the same period last year).
The company plans to acquire 82% of the nuclear power holdings in Huezhou (which owns Unit 1-2 in Huezhou, which is in construction and is expected to continue production in 2025 and 2026), and 100% of the second nuclear power (which will be in possession) in Huezhou, based on a prior commitment to avoid competition among colleagues.
With a nuclear power unit 3-4 in the state of construction, it is expected that unit 3 will be operational in 2030, with 100 per cent of the nuclear power stock in Huezhou III (with a nuclear power unit 5-6 in Huezhou, which has not yet started), 100 per cent of the nuclear power stock in Chamjiang (which was in the previous stage of development) and a purchase price of 9.38 billion yuan, the total net equity of the above-mentioned company is about 8.03 billion yuan.
Measuring the acquisition of pb 1.17 times, while the acquisition was a cash acquisition, which will result in an increase in the number of nuclear power units under construction, to be built, to be stored, and will provide the basis for the future growth of the company. 20 units in the construction of nuclear power units (including 8 units entrusted to the company by the controlling shareholders) will be installed for long periods of time in the company.
By the end of June 2025, the company had 20 installed machines (including the cash flow entrusted by the controlling shareholders, which is expected to increase continuously, laying the foundation for the company’s increased dividends. My personal perceptions of the target securities and issuers are personal. My diligent professional approach, professional and careful research methods, the use of legally compliant information, and the production of this report independently and objectively.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.