A double-sink development, an increase in the price dividend to boost the profitability of meat products, and a double-save operation will be published in the semi-annual 2020 report.
The effect of the price increases is a 18.0 per cent increase in the value of 1h20 meat products, a 3.6 pc increase in the Māori rate and a 7.36 billion yuan increase in the value of 2q20 meat products, or 21.8 per cent, respectively.
The average price rises. For the sub-products, 92.6 billion yuan was collected for high-temperature meat products, an increase of 25.1 per cent, and 4.74 billion yuan for low-temperature meat products, an increase of 6.2 per cent. (2) profit end: 30.2 per cent for meat products benefiting from 19 years and 30.2 per cent for meat products, an increase of 3.6 pt, an increase of 3.6 pt.
Under the high prices of pigs, the 1h20 slaughter generated 23.91 billion yuan, an increase of 59.0 per cent, but the bio-saves of the pigs, billions of dollars, an increase of 1.6 per cent, as a result of the slow pace at which the pigs are refilled, the company ' s slaughter capacity continues to decline, its output is limited, and its scale effects are reduced. The domestic supply of pigs remains tight, and the company ' s supply is decreasing in the second half of the year.
In the long run, there is still much room for growth in double-sink operations. (1) The new team has done a lot of basic work over the past few years, the company ' s meat structure has been optimized in a sustainable manner, and profit margins have increased somewhat.
Space. (2) Africa’s pigpest accelerated the withdrawal of small businesses, and double-smelling slaughter operations benefited from increased market concentration and still had much more room for growth. (3) The targeted pheasant and pig-breeding projects will help companies to extend upstream into the industrial chain and stabilize profitability.
▪ The company ' s performance in the first half of the year was higher than expected, with meat products expected to grow in the second half of the year, with the slaughter business changing by 21 per cent, year-on-year increase by 13 per cent, 9 per cent and an increase in ratings maintained.
Food-safety risks; price volatility of raw materials, etc. Qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations Food beverages: food processing