(a) Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco;
25.82 per cent, with income for the first half of the year, net profit for the second quarter, net profit for the second quarter, net profit for the second, net profit for the second quarter, increasing the contribution of imported meat, leading to the sale of raw and frozen meat and the recovery of profits 59 per cent more for the first half of the year, and 52.6 per cent more for the second half of the year, q2 more for the first half of the year.
The average price increased by 104%, still high, due to factors such as the hysteria, and the company consciously controlled slaughter. We estimate that meat imports in the second quarter exceed one quarter, generating fresh meat q2 for sale, total equity/flow (million shares)
The second half of the year was influenced by the US supply end (a 50 per cent decline in the US slaughter capacity in the first half of the year) and by the gradual increase in domestic pig supply and the low Chinese-American price differential, but also by the acquisition of major shareholders' shares in six companies and their specialization.
In view of the 20 per cent decline in slaughter in the first half of Manchuria itself and the simultaneous development of import channels for Chinese import operations other than the United States of America 2020/05/07, it is expected that the volume of double-sink imports will be affected in the second half of the year, but
Double-sink development (000895), Double-sink development: the short-term impact of the epidemic, profits from the release of meat products, 4.3 per cent increase in sales of meat products q2, and one ton of profits at an all-time high.
Double-sink development (000895). Double-sink development: the steady release of profits, price increases and cost-neutral sales have recovered. Of these, high-temperature meat products generated $9,263 million, increased by 25.11%, and low-temperature meat.
In the first half of the year, the Māori rate for meat products was 30.2 per cent, with an increase of 3.87 points, operating profits of 2,933 million and a greater contribution to the price 2), sales increased again, corresponding unit production costs decreased 3), poultry costs dropped significantly, while last year ' s q2 was low-base due to soaring costs for poultry and insufficient excess stocks of raw materials
Double-sink development: the impact of imports, price increases and costs has increased rapidly and performance is higher than expected The impact of the epidemic has fallen by 8.24 per cent on a year-to-year basis.
At lower cost, we expect a further increase in the ton of meat products. This year, the company will raise its profits in two main ways: (a) to improve the quality of its products and give back to consumers.
The sales costs for the first half of the year have also been reduced, as sales for the first half of the year have not yet been levelled over, and the corresponding costs associated with sales have been reduced, but advertising has been done.
We expect that in the second half of the year, the increase in the profits of meat products will better compensate for the pressure on the profits of the fresh business, and we expect that the increase in the profits of meat products in the second half of the year will continue to be positive.
To gradually change the previous image of the capital market, the value of which was aligned with the leading consumer companies, we continue to appreciate the company's product innovation upgrade, brand rejuvenation, less than expected sales, higher costs, less than expected import operations, and more competition in the market this year and the next 2-3 years.
Profit projections and financial indicators: double-sink development: imports, price increases and cost ups and downs, performance over expectations
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.