20h1 high performance and effective mitigation of cost pressures
The performance of 20h1 remained high on August 12, 2020, with prices for pork increasing at the end of the camp at a higher rate than in the previous year \triangleright \triangleright
See, the high price of pork on a year-on-year basis is the central reason for the high rate of growth on the income side; o2 lower domestic prices for pork, and higher profits on meat products by increasing the use of imported pork, thus ensuring higher overall profits. 20h1 overall Māori rate is 16.96%, compared to 2.54 percentage points, affected by the decline in slaughter, slaughter operations
Point. The decline in the cost of sales was due mainly to the spread of meat products, which was driven by the epidemic, resulting in lower sales cost inputs. The decline in the cost of finance was due mainly to an increase in the interest income of banks on a year-on-year basis.
The sale of 8.13 million tons of fresh meat and meat products + 3.03% of the same year. Overall, affected by the shortage of raw pigs, the number of meat-producing slaughters fell significantly on a par with that of companies: the high growth in meat-producing industries compensated for the adverse effects of the slaughter operations, and the overall drop in the sale of frozen meat and meat products in the first half of the year.
On the revenue side, the 2020h1 slaughtering operation achieved income of $23.905 billion, or 58.96 per cent of the year, representing a share of the income s010,118080028 million for the purchase of meat-separated products such as meat from Rotex, with the same volume as +406.07 per cent, effectively controlling meat.
The cost of raw materials for double-sink development (000895), the year 2019, and the increase in the Māori rate for related products, was assessed as a steady overall performance and an increase in meat products.
The fund-raising project will enhance the production capacity of chickens and pigs and improve the efficiency of the main business. On 17 May, the company issued a non-public offer to distribute no more than 331 million shares to no more than 35 investors and to raise no more than 7 billion yuan in funds for projects such as chickens, pig farming and slaughtering and meat products.
In the postnatal period, the project is expected to produce 200 million plumes/years of commercial chicken production, as well as about half a million head/year pigs/years of pig growing, raw pigs.
In addition, the project will improve the efficiency of the main business by effectively optimizing the production capacity of pig-breeding and meat-processing products before the target date.
Corporate performance remained high in the first half of the year, and it is expected to remain high in the second half of the year. As a result, my future slaughter operations are expected to benefit from the resumption of pig production, the long-term growth of meat products, the decline in the “recommended” slaughtering rate, the underdevelopment of meat products, food safety, etc.
The company ' s financial statement projections are summarized in Jed, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics and Master of Arts. In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and that, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.