On 3 November, the company issued an announcement on the release of 40 million tonnes per year of refined integration projects (phase II). According to the announcement, Zhejiang Petroleum Industries Ltd., a company-owned subsidiary of the company, was on the green side.
Phase II of the Project for the Integration of Refineries (PIP II) for the construction of the Facility has been completed and the facilities have been equipped for delivery. The first phase II installations (general depressure and related utility engineering units, etc.) were put into operation on November 01.
The first batch of installations in phase II was put into production and started to make a profit The sum of $82.9 billion was invested in phase II of the ZP II project, which is located on Fish Hill Island, Jiayama County, Choshan City, with a total area of 9825 acres and a total building area of 500,000 square metres.
Tons/yearly refined oil, 4 million tonnes/year of benzene, 1.4 million tonnes/year of ethylene and downstream installations, including storage works, public works and environmental works. Based on estimates of the six-month period from the launch to the full commissioning of the ZP phase, it is expected that the 2021q2 II project will be comprehensive
The net profit and share-holding ratio estimated by Kion-kun's share in the investment was $3.88 billion in net profits from the petrochemical phase in the first three quarters of the year, which is expected to make a net profit throughout the year.
With the steady operation of the first phase and the full commissioning of the second phase, the contribution of petrochemicals to the net profits of the company is expected to exceed $10 billion in 2021.
This project is an important part of the whole industry chain layout. It cuts through the upper stages of chemical products, refining oil, and further refining the industrial chain makes the overall size of the company more visible, lowers costs and increases efficiency. Companies are rich in incremental business, supporting their future performance.
Prices are warming up and adding up to the capacity to expand, opening up profit margins, and with the full implementation of phase I (20,000 tons) and phase II (2,000 tons), the prices of major products are warming, and the profitability of the refined plates will gradually increase.
The average price of styrene rose from $5,259 per ton to $5350 per ton in q3, the latest price continued to rebound to $7,390 per ton; the average price of acrylic sulfide rose from $7,391 per ton in q2, to $8030 per ton in q3, and the latest price continued to rebound to $9,400 per ton in pta20q2 ton.
With the completion of phase III, the scale of refining will move up to the second phase of global progress, reaching 60 million tonnes/year after the completion of phase III, which will be followed by 62 million tonnes/year of the Jamnagar Joint Refinery of Shinshin, India, and the second largest in the world.
II. A memorandum of understanding was signed in September 2019 between Saudi A.A. and Z. Z. Zhejiang, a plan to move Saudi A.A. towards the acquisition of 9% shares in the Z. Z. S. A. A. A. A. A. A.A.A., also includes a long-term agreement for the supply of crude oil and access to the Z. Z. S. A.A., too.
It will be involved in the construction of the ZP III project. The increasing expansion of capacity has led to an increase in the company's performance.
"Emergency petrochemicals: a successful phase of refining, phase two."
The company plans to work with the Chinese charter to form a fleet of Vlcc with phase-by-phase, phase-by-phase, phase-by-phase two and phase-three and a surge in tanker rates. When the project is fully operational, the company's refining capacity will increase significantly to 60 million tonnes/year, requiring approximately 30 Vlccs to transport the Middle East.
The company is expected to start 2 to 10 new order orders, and the rest will follow. By forming the fleet, the company can reduce the cost of tanker transportation and guarantee the import of crude oil, which will facilitate the smooth and efficient operation of the petrochemical project.
7 million barrels of Middle Eastern crude oil for trial operation in the second phase of petrochemicals, to be delivered in December and January, respectively: risk of price volatility of raw materials: risk of falling prices of products: risk of persistent effects of the epidemic: risk of changing seasonal demand; risk of policy impact.
Guwu, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Master of Complex Materials, Sichuan University, 4 years of experience in the industry of flying aviation materials in the mid-flight industry, 2 years of experience, Research Assistant, Master of Chemical Industries of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, and Bachelor of Chemical Sciences of Qinghua University.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in this report.