The Māori rate has risen significantly, with a net gain of 206% over the same period.
On 29 October 2020, the company issued a tri-quarter report for 2020, generating 77.6 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 30 per cent in the same year, a net gain of 5.5 billion yuan in the mother, an increase of 206 per cent in the same year and a net gain of 5.5 billion in the mother ' s share, an increase of 264 per cent in the same year.
\triangleright, according to the company's announcement, collected 77.6 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 30% in the same year, and $5.7 billion in the mother's net profit, an increase of 206% in the same year. We judge that the rapid increase in revenue and net gain was mainly due to the launch of a 20 million tons oil refinery project in the first quarter of 2020.
As a result, the refining rate is much higher than that of the former main industry. According to published data, the combined rate for the current reporting period was 22.89%, a significant increase of 16.43 percentage points. We judge that the company’s profitability is expected to increase steadily in the fourth quarter with the warming of downstream demand and the launch of the second 20 million tons of refined oil project.
Cost advantages, size advantages, industrial chains, location advantages, etc. Building solid moats. Unit versus depth 300 Cost advantages: accurate timing of company projects, excellent financing, and excellent cost control.
Hydrocarbon devices have saved about 4 billion dollars compared to domestic installations of the same size, significantly reducing unit investment costs; By completing a fixed increase of 4 billion yuan, the Department has reduced loan interest expenditure and financial costs; higher automation of installations has reduced human costs; and the use of by-product hydrogen to process fuel oil into stone-brain oil has reduced production costs.
Stewardship: The production of the company’s main product categories is in the lead in the same industry, and the expansion of production is conducive to increasing the stability of the operation of the production apparatus and the quality of the product, improving the efficiency of production, reducing unit investment costs and unit consumption, thus making the company’s products more competitive in the market. The company’s production is larger and requires a large quantity of raw materials every year.
The company’s px capacity is 5.6 million tons/year, or about 22.5% of the country’s total capacity in 2019; the company’s holding and participation capacity totals about 13.5 million tons, the largest in the world.
Meg -- polyester -- -- the competitive advantage of the integration of the industrial chain of silk, film, bottle. Through the extension of the industry chain, it helps to reduce the cost of company-owned business and improves the company’s continued profitability and resilience to risk.
The company is located at the domestic textile industry base and at the national priority industrial cluster for the production of fibre-optics, fabrics, clothing. Regional advantages greatly facilitate the production and sale of corporate fibre-optic products.
In 2019, China ' s refining capacity exceeded 850 million tons/year, with a capacity utilization rate of about 76 per cent and a low capacity utilization rate of water. On 6 November 2019, the National Development and Reform Commission issued the Directory of Guidance on Industrial Restructuring (2019 edition), which will be implemented as of 1 January 2020.
The supply and demand patterns of the petrochemical sector are expected to improve continuously with the recovery of demand and the phasing-out of backward production capacity.1 The 19-year review of Precious Petrochemicals (002493) Report: Pyrochemical Phase One, 19-year net gain for the company
The prices of finished oils and chemical products have fallen; the speed of corporate output has slowed. Yang Jian: The Nanjing University Land Department has joined forces with the Rutgers University Department of Chemicals in the United States to develop a Ph.D. (Earth exploration and information technology specializing in computing chemistry and oil and gas).
In October 2014, he joined the industry in the direction of petrochemicals and building materials, and in 2015, the author of the “Skyo-Eye” had the qualification or considerable professional competence to consult on securities investments granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, sought to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.