The third quarter saw a significant increase in performance, with ZEP II on the verge of commissioning RMB 1 billion, an increase of 206.17 per cent in the same year; net profit from deductions and later repatriations of RMB 5,469 million, an increase of 264.40 per cent in the same year; and net operating cash flows of RMB 37,103 million, a decrease of 7.73 per cent in the same year.
In the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved a gross profit of $17.763 billion, an increase of $13.908 billion.
In the first three quarters, the company’s financial costs were 2,516 million yuan, an increase of 260.62 per cent over the previous three quarters, mainly due to current interest expenditure on the company’s petrochemicals; administrative costs of $9,868 million, a decrease of 5.57 per cent over the same period; and sales costs of $308 million.
7.73 per cent, mainly due to an increase in current bond payments by companies and subsidiaries; a net increase in minority shareholders received for fund-raising activities and non-public distribution of shares and net investment activity received by subsidiaries; a cash flow of $37.474 billion, mainly due to increased cash expenditure associated with construction of the ZP project
Less than $913 million, mainly because companies actively promote the recovery of receivables. Cash (capital expenditure) paid for fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets was purchased by companies in the first three quarters.
The ring ratio fell by 6.94 per cent; the net profit of the parent was 2,444 million yuan, an increase of 205.68 per cent from the previous year, and the ring comparison became operational and became fully operational in December 2019, resulting in an increase in the company ' s performance and a significant increase in the overall profitability of the Department.
As the price of the product goes through the low years, and the profitability of the plate rises, the company's refined oil product plate will in the future be the main growth point in profits, and its effects will be realized with the introduction of the petrochemical phase (twenties) and the next two (twenties) phases (twenties).
The release of profit will become more visible. Most of the company’s product prices are warming, with a profit-making capacity of $4347 per ton; the average price of styrene has risen from $5,259 per ton to $5350 per ton in q3 to $7,431 per ton in q3, with the latest price continuing to rebound to $7,600 per ton; and the average price of styrene has risen from $5,259 per ton to q3.
The average price rose from $7391 per ton to $8030 per ton for q3, the latest price continues.
The second phase of the Project is about to run, and the company's future performance may be increased over a period of 40 million tons of the Project has invested $17.31 billion, an important part of the entire industry layout of the company's crude oil-px-pta-plate chain, currently 20 million tons in the current phase.
It's already operational, it's starting up steadily, and the company's revenues and net profits have increased significantly, and the earning effect is evident. The total investment in phase two is $82.9 billion, the construction and installation phase is at its peak, the procurement of equipment is complete over time, the framework agreement for the purchase of bulk materials is almost complete, the equipment and materials are available.
As the material began to arrive, it is expected that 2020q4 will run on a trial basis. The project has enabled the refining of petroleum on the move of chemical products, and the further refinement of the industrial chain has made the overall size of the company more visible, lower costs and higher benefits. The company is rich in incremental operations, supporting its future performance.
Risk of price volatility of raw materials: risk of falling product prices: ongoing risk of the impact of the epidemic: Risk of changing seasonal demand: risk of policy impact. Goowu, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Master of Magnetic Materials, 4 years experience of flying aviation materials in the aviation industry, 2 years new
The laws, the use of legally compliant information, the independent and objective production of the present report, the data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market, the absence of any personal assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, and the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
See for information only. I did not, do not and will not receive any recommendations or views directly or indirectly in the present report.