Selectable car and car parts. Broad Air Group. Performance meets expectations, new-energy flagship models are well equipped, and a robust response to the downside of the city, and performance meets expectations.
In the second half of the year, as the market improves, it is expected to shrink, and the profit-ring ratio is expected to rise. Solar well-being is stable, and the reverse expansion is evident.
Growth of 15% and 21%. Wide expansion and expansion are much higher than industry averages. Hot sales such as the flag-car-type Yakaku, Ling, Kameri, and Lehling have led to an upturn in the city’s share and contributed to a steady and sustained return on investment. Wide expansion of capacity projects, and the expansion of the city’s plant, are expected to be operational by the end of the year.
At the bottom of the economy, low fuel consumption, low security, high-value solar brands are more popular with consumers, and we expect that sales in the second half of the year will still be better than average sales in the industry, with total equity/flow (million shares)
The new energy power is pre-saled as an aionlx, which is expected to become a new smart electric pole.
At the time, 100 km acceleration was only 3.9s, with the highest retention capacity, with a height of 650 km, on board an autopilot support system level 1-3 when the gas group (601238) " Pacific Cars " .
Wide-voltage group: Craft Sculpture, Solar Flying, leading the way, promising to become a medium-to-high-end electric vehicle.
The brand's competitiveness is to be expected.
Billions, currently 11 to 10 times the dynamic valuation, are rated as “buy-in”.
Quite a performance, a beautiful new energy flagship model. Quite a performance. Quite a performance, a new energy flagship model.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.