Annual Report 2022: Net profit and order volume maintained at high speed 21/04/2023 Growth, equity acquisition driving rapid capacity development
Research assistant Xu Pastor keyword: #New Needs, New Policies
In 2022, there was a significant increase in the sale of products by companies, resulting in revenues of $41,598 million, or 19.93 per cent; the parentage was a reserve of products for the second half of the year for the delivery of orders, and the volume of company orders continued to be released and production efficiency was not followed up; the contractual liability was $22,109 million, a decrease of 39.95 per cent in the same year, indicating a significant advance for companies.
Collections have been confirmed, product delivery has been successful. The build-up of wire beam companies has invested in the development of airline beam technology, and the build-up of the capital Quihang and the Yang State Institute have contributed to the integrated development of “research, build, repair.” In February 2022, the company's subsidiary beams were augmented.
In April of the same year, the company acquired cash.
In January 2023, the company issued a cash increase of $160 million to the Yangzhou Academy.
The company will hold a 34.12% stake in the Yangzhou Senate. This replenishment will facilitate the company’s ability to further upgrade science, technology and innovation through collaboration and collaboration between the mainframe and the research institute.
The net profit from maternity is still growing at a very high rate each year, with a total of $32.08 per share awarded for the first time to 226 employees, including directors, executives and cadres.
More than 7,852,000 shares. This equity incentive, which supports the firm’s determination to establish a distribution mechanism that combines sound incentives and constraints, will further motivate the core members of the company, and will result in a significant increase in the unlocked documentation over the previous period, indicating firm confidence in sustained performance growth.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on the high profile of the military industry during the 1455s, and considering the efficiency gains of the company's flight, the hit-and-strikes are on top of each other.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board