q3 shows a high growth in performance, and the prospects for product upgradation expansion are good.
Billions of dollars, 33.8% more than the same year; net return to the mother is $320 million, 64.6% more than the same year; the third quarter of the country's domestic car market is recovering, company revenues and profits are growing at a high rate, and performance is higher than expected. The company's product continues to upgrade, resulting in higher value and profit margins; luxury cars, solar systems, and a mass sale are performing well, with companies having excellent performance.
In the first three quarters of 2020, domestic fare sales fell by 12.4%, and the company’s major clients performed well, including the public, the Toyota, and so forth, pushing the company forward.
Reverse income growth of 15.7 per cent; benefits from a rise in the share of Led lamps, etc., and changes in client structure, with gross interest rates rising by 2.8 pct on a year-on-year basis. Sales costs increased by 8.9 per cent, with projected cost control and scale effects; domestic vehicle sales recovered and companies continued to perform well, with total revenue rising by 33.8 per cent; and projected output increased by 33.8 per cent.
The improvement in the structure of goods and customers has led to a significant increase in the Māori ratio of 4.7 pct; marketing, management, R & D costs of billions (+65.6%) and higher performance expectations.
The lights are growing, and now the adb lights are growing, and the value of the bicycles continues to rise. The share of high-value products, such as the led lights, is rising, and product structure improvements are expected to continue to raise the company’s Māori ratio.
With the expansion of customers, companies continue to expand their capacity both domestically and internationally. The first phase of the domestic smart-making industrial park has been completed, and phase II is expected to be in 2020.
The project for the construction of overseas Serbian factories is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2021, with projects such as Mercedes taillights, and is expected to contribute revenues in 2022. The expansion of capacity provides a good basis for income growth, and the expansion of the overseas sector is expected to open up new opportunities for growth and development in the future.
"Sing-woo shares - performance is higher than expected, and performance is significantly better than line 1) Auxiliary model sales are lower than expected. 2) New projects progress and Māori rates are lower than expected. "Sing-woo shares - high performance growth, Māori rates continue to be raised
Star-woo shares - slower performance, light lights, S.H.I.E.L.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.