The core client continues to outperform expectations and is expected to improve continuously.
Events: Red flag, a black horse from this year’s home-grown car, has grown in volume, and annual sales are more than expected, making it a major force in the optimal structure of star products. 1, November red flag sales have been re-innovated: November 20, red flag sales have reached 25,000.
Taiwan, 100% more than in the same year. Seven months in a row since February, when the epidemic went down, it kept growing at a high rate. Especially after the sale of 2.1w in August, the first time it broke 2, the red flag, as a strategic client of the Stars, is expected to bring continued benefits: China, August of this year.
General equity/flow (million shares) Chairman Seo Liuping said that the red flag would be based on four product lines over the next five years.
Twenty-one vehicles with a 21-year red flag target of 40w, raising the sales base of the 22-year 40w 12-month maximum/minimum platform to 500,000-600,000.
The customer of the light, the aid star, achieves the first volume of the adb. If the red flag continues to sell, the stock of the star (601799) has broken new heights, we believe that the product pattern of the star is expected to be further optimized and achieved in the medium to long term.
The third quarter of Starwoo's report rated the Māori super-expected growth in both the harvest and the profit margin.
3. The trend towards intellectualization has stimulated the upgrading of cars: 89 vehicle-type lighting projects in 19 years, 18 new models in the first half of 20 years, none of Starwoo ' s shares (601799).
In the past two years, there have been sufficient hand orders. Meanwhile, medium- and low-end vehicle-type light penetration in the industry has benefited from the full recovery of cars in the second quarter of the year - 2020/07/14 rates are still rising; adb lights now have a penetration rate of only about 3%, as an auxiliary autopilot.
The terminal, the penetration of the adb lamp, which will accelerate further, and the ever-increasing number of bicycles, is a uniquely high-quality track in the area of car parts and components.4 Clear corporate strategy, medium- and high-end client outreach + light control technology development: the company is now the main guest
Households are a crowd, a toyota, a Japanese product, and the main future targets are Honda, Benz, BMW; and they continue to increase their presence in the cities of Hiroshima. And Serbian factories have acquired the taillight projects of the overseas masses, Mercedes and BMW, as they build up with their clients.
And at the same time, the light handler's brain, the star, has the ability to develop 12-channel light control technology, especially the adb light control application on the red flag, further confirming a new development in the layout of the light control.
Investment proposals: domestic front-loading companies, long-term improvement in the availability and value of led lamps; and companies with complete technological reserves and offshore market opening capabilities.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.