The third quarter of Starwood reports an over-expected Māori event: the company collected $4.75 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 15.67 per cent over the previous three quarters, resulting in a net return to the mother.
In the three quarters alone, the net return on maternity was 1.87 billion, a 34 per cent increase in the same year, and a 65 per cent increase in the same period. The net interest rate for the three quarters was 16.89 per cent, the highest in recent years, and the profitability rate was 4.71 pct. In the first three quarters of the year, we can see that the net profits of companies have gradually increased.
The cost is relatively high, recovery begins in the second quarter, with net interest rates already exceeding the average level of previous years, or due to the upgrading of the product and its client structure.
A step-by-step demonstration of the improved client structure of the company, with high- and middle-end clients such as red flags, total market value/flow (millions of dollars)2 and cumulative sales of 153,000 red flags for strategic clients in January-October, an increase of 103 per cent over the previous year:
We've mentioned Red Flag as a strategic client of the Star in July, and it's one of the company's top performances - 2020/08/17.
And the red flag accumulated this year's stock of Stars (601799), "The Dragon Up" - 153,000 units, a significant increase of 103% over the same year.
And the volume of the matrix lights has increased, and the product structure has improved. In particular, the share of Starwoo (601799) in August of this year's market is as high as 2501 sales in the second month of the month.
The annual shares report and the quarterly reviews: Ming in the industry valley, the future sales of the red flag high-end model have increased further, contributing to the company ' s product structure and lights - 2020/04/19.
3- Keep a good eye on the future of the car lights, which will continue to operate at the company’s overseas plant with a better +db ratio: the trend is determined by the & & further adb matrix, and the company will benefit as a major player in the track. At the same time, the company’s strategic clients are red flags.
The company’s overseas plant will be operational next year, and this will further boost long-term performance. The investment proposal is that domestic front-loading companies, with long-term interest in improving the reed light penetration rate, and bicycles.
Value enhancement; and company's complete technological reserves and capacity to open overseas markets.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.