Kyoto Easta (000725) E-cycle growth double-wheel drive, with the panel tap reversed to the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Recommended logic: 1) Global high inflation impacts are weaker, outbreak control policies are optimized and domestic property policies are stabilized. Since late September 2022, 32 inch tv panel prices have been raised to $29 and remain stable, and the panel industry is on the verge of a mild recovery signal, with the cycle expected to end. 2) Korea’s lcd output exit is accelerating.
The firm determination of the plant to improve the supply of industrial capacity and competition in the market, the fact that Kyoto East is the leading global lcd leader, the ratio of production capacity and area of production will rise to 18.25 per cent in 2025, and the acquisition of Xinhua and the glorification of equity will further elevate the company's position in the mled and cellular areas.
The central hub of capacity and profitability is expected to increase further; 3) the crop rate of the open crop is expected to rise to 60%, and is expected to be one of the major North American customers in 2024, with the prospect of loss. Industry continues to decline.
Supply-side controls worked well, supply and demand decreased, and tv panel prices stopped falling. At the end of 2022, stock at the channel and brand end was better digested, driven by traditional purchasing seasons and sports events; the three-star supply chain returned to normal at the end of q3. In 2023, the impact of high global inflation was weaker, regional conflicts stopped, and China defended itself.
The panel sector is expected to turn back opportunities, driven by expectations such as the easing of controls. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . and . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
At the same time, because of the high degree of flexibility in production lines, companies can actively optimize their structures, with 20221htv/it/phones and their own phones.
His panel ratio has been adjusted to about 20/45/35 per cent, and in the future it is expected to adjust production capacity dynamically to downstream demand and competitive patterns. 2023q1, the panel is expected to enter a new up-to-date cycle, with the advantage of size and product structure, adding to the mled and cellular collars of the company's acquisition of luminum power and equity.
• The company's yield rate is up to 60%, and is expected to lose by increasing the share of large cellular customers.
Kyodonga (000725). Two-wheel-drive cycle growth, combined monthly production capacity is expected to be strong (2022-01-24) as a result of the release of the company ' s 3-letd line capacity in Chengdu, Myang and Chongqing.
144k. In addition, the company ' s b12 qling line, phase 3, also plans to extend its oled application from mobile phones to the int and vehicle, and is expected to expand its municipal presence on the int and car-mounted olid screens. In 2023, the company ' s crop rate is expected to remain above 60%, yielding more than 100 million pieces, and the olid is expected to lose.
Taking into account the company's flexible lcd production line structure, the loss of the oled and the new application scenario of vehicle loads, hypothetical 1: the display device-lcd displays business: due to the improved global competitive pattern of the lcd panels, the increased bargaining power of continental panels, and the increased capacity to control production, it is expected that companies will be willing to maintain a low yield rate in the future in order to control production.
The company ' s lcd crop rate is expected to be 75/82/85 per cent in 2022 and 2024 respectively. The price of the lcd panel in 2022 assumes that: the display-led display business: the company ' s line of production matures and orders increase, and the crop rate is expected to rise to 53/70/75 per cent in 2022 and 2024 respectively. In 2022, the company ' s operations were exposed to Andre hands.
Assumption 3: Other operations: Smart health operations will continue to benefit from the development of networked goods, promising a better-structured, intelligent and well-managed ecosystems: Smart systems innovation products will benefit from the spread of the ai and big data and better combinations: Sensor and solution operations will continue to dig deep into different areas such as medical care, transportation, consumer electronics, communications, industrial sensors, etc.
We think that the market understates the time nodes of the heating of the panel industry and the resilience of the valuation of the panels of the current cycle.
At the end of the year, traditional shopping seasons at home and abroad, as well as World Cup events, led to a better digestion of stocks at the end of September-October, and a return to normality at the end of the Samsung supply chain at the end of q3.
Different from previous cycles, the upcoming up-cycle cycle will be accompanied by a double acceleration of the exit from the lcdtv production line and a slowdown in the growth of the new production capacity of the plants on land, with a significant increase in the capacity of the mainland pioneers to control the production of the lcdtv, and we believe that the current cycle ' s top valuation will be better counterproductive.
tv panel prices are stablely warming, consumption recovery is overexpected, and the company’s share of mobile phones in the United States has increased further. 184.4% – 1007%. Taking into account the company’s flexible lcd production line structure, the loss of oled, and new responses such as vehicle and folding screens, oled production can climb less than expected: the risk of further deterioration of downstream demand: the risk of recurring epidemics.
Company Profile: The panel leader, lcd, has a significant advantage, and the oled has passed the Korean factory 1.1 has developed: 30 years of deep-deep farming to show the career, lcd shows a secure global leader, and the Tokyo Oriental Science and Technology Group Inc. (Boe) was established in April 1993 as the leading semiconductor in the world.
Technology, products and service providers, providing intelligent port products and professional services for information interaction and human health, have developed a "1+4+n" carrier complex with semiconductors at its core, mled, sensors and solutions, intelligent systems innovation, and intelligent healers. After almost 29 years of development, Kyoto East has become the leading world semiconductor in the field of displays.
Shows the top-of-the-line output of the screen. The smartphone LCD screen, laptop screen, tablet screen, monitor screen, TV screen, etc. are ranked first in the world: in 2022, the company’s vehicle showed the world’s first-largest market share.
Figure 1: Main course of company development 1.2 Equity structure: decentralization of shareholdings, with a large number of affiliates decentralization of the corporate equity structure. The real control of the company is Beijing Electronic Holdings Ltd., with the largest shareholder in Beijing
State-owned Capital Operations Management Ltd., and its wholly-owned controlling owner, Beijing Electronic Holdings Ltd.. As of 2022, q3, the top ten shareholders in the company had a combined share of 24.50%.
The most important of these are Chongqing East, Fuzhou East, Kyoto East, and Yoyo Yugyo East Show Technology Ltd. In addition, the Tokyo East Group has set up a main vehicle with executive power in Kyoto East and is listed in the Hong Kong stock market.
In November 2022, in order to move forward with the implementation of the development strategy, to quickly acquire the core of the led extension/chips, to form an independent development platform for mled operations, to create a new kind of industry clustering, and to maintain a solid semiconductor to show industry status.
The acquisition is in line with the company’s “1+4+n” development strategy, and it is expected to speed up the completion of the led chip key chain layout in the future, creating a complete business system that complements existing operations, improving the competitiveness of the business from the full spectrum of technology, products, production, markets, talent, etc.
The process of industrialization of the division’s miniled, microled is expected to accelerate further, with the acquisition of mled’s all-embracing shareholding incentives to fulfil mobility team motivation. To motivate employees, bind employees and corporate interests and assist companies in long-term development, the company planned a wide-ranging equity incentive in 2020, with a total of 2,974 managerial and technical staff being awarded.
980 million stock options or restricted shares, or 2.8 per cent of the total stock of the pre-granting company, are based on the company's defined performance appraisals of business patents (including amoled, telepathic, artificial intelligence, big data, etc.), the fulfilment of the conditions for granting rights of 9,000/10000/, respectively, and the established performance appraisal targets help to motivate employees and maintain core workforce stability.
Further develop the technological, operational and managerial potential to boost corporate market dynamics within integrated competition, enabling companies to perform high-quality financial analysis 1.3: cyclically sensitive enterprises, 22 years of cyclical pressure, Māori-led panel price-up cycles that began at the end of the year, and firm Māori rates and net interest rates recovered significantly over the last two years.
In 2021, the profit index continued to rise, with the Māori rate/net interest rate rising to 28.9 per cent and 13.9 per cent, respectively. The Māori rate rose to the top of the world in 2021: the Māori rate remained better than that of its peers due to the flexible product structure during the 2022 floor cycle.
Dupont analysis: company Roe increased its net interest rate on sales with a sharp decline in 2022; asset turnover and equity multipliers were stable. Corporate asset turnover and equity multipliers remained stable from year to year, while net asset yields were on the same scale as net interest rates on sales.
Corporate per capita benefits have increased considerably since 2019, with companies generating 2.76 million yuan per person per person in 2021, with higher costs than higher revenues. Corporate R & D costs are higher in the global industry than in the deep world. Figure 10: R & D rates in 2016 - 2022q3 versus comparable companies
Corporate capital expenditures have fallen and free cash flows have risen steadily. Since 2018, corporate capital expenditures have fallen year by year, both fcff and free equity cash flows (fcfe) have risen gradually and have fallen in 2021; corporate operating cash flows 2 track analysis: cycle growth doubles, optimized structure
2.1 Industry Overview: cyclical growth double-wheel drive, lcd concentration up, oled gives display of both cycle and growth properties in the panel industry. Displays a wide range of panels applied to scenes such as tv, tt, mobile phones, commercials, security, vehicle displays, etc. The current mainstream screens are mainly lcd (LCD displays) and oled (organic lighting).
Diode displays) where mainstream technology includes tft-lcd and amoled display techniques. The lcd panel, as a traditional display technology, is influenced by the downstream manufacturer ' s inventory cycle, with demand and prices showing high cyclicality. As a third generation display technology, the oled has been branded as a mobile phone flagship and medium-high-end aircraft, with a continuous increase in the share of outgoings at the tv end and is expected to penetrate further.
2.1.1 Subsistence of supply: lcd energy supply decelerates, oed crop rate increases, yield releases are still market-mainstreamed, and large-sized panels are growing faster than medium-sized and small-sized capacity increases. tft-lcd shows a range of advantages due to low work voltage, low power consumption, high resolution, good resistance, technological maturity, wide application, etc.
The annual global supply of lcd panels is about 2.884 million square metres, an increase of 12.1 per cent over the same year, and the capacity supply is about 94 per cent. Beginning in 2022, with the accelerated exit of the Korean plant ' s lcd panel line, the cessation of expansion of the plants, the Japanese plant ' s lcd line and the slowing down of the expansion of land plants, future supply of lcd panels is expected to grow to a robust number of places, 2022-2025 lcd
Small- and medium-sized capacity increases, providing better digestion of the area where the lcd panel can produce. The global output of the oleds rises from year to year. The oled shows that, as a third generation of technology, it has the advantage of being light, clean, wide-sighted, flexible and broad-based and broad-based, as well as trends in future full screens and softness.
Application, currently in rapid development, with a marked increase in the supply of global market capacity. According to the discharge plan of the various panel producers, the global supply of deck capacity was approximately 17,794,000 square metres in 2021, an increase of 34.0 per cent over the same period. The corresponding growth rate is about 28.4 per cent, and currently is still dominated by 8 and below generation lines, with lgd at 8.5 and above.
The primary downstream requirements of the lcd panel are tv,it (visa, laptop, tablet) and mobile phones, tv out of large size, and mobile phones and tt add more value. In terms of area of delivery, tv is the largest downstream application of the lcd outlet:
According to ihs, in 2020, tv (including lcd and oled) accounted for 74% of the cargo. For sales, cellular sales were the largest downstream application due to the high unit space price: according to the intelligence group, cellular panels in 2021 accounted for about 38% of the panel sales.
Data, the size of the uned panel is more than 50% of the surface area of the unled panel and is expected to account for a larger share of the total uned panel due to the small size of the cellular panel.tv demand is weak: home office is stable and continues to stimulate laptop demand: vehicle load shows a small base, projected
Global demand for lcdtv continues to weaken, and therefore the volume of lcdtv panels is expected to decline slightly. According to the group intellectual consultation data, an annual composite growth rate of tv/mobile phone/plate/pension computer/ monitor/carboard panels is expected to be 2.7%/year, respectively, in 2022
The price of the lcd panel is cyclical, and the down-price cycle of the current round is already at the bottom. The panel price shows a certain cyclicality, of which the tv panel is the most affected by the cycle; the cell phone panel is weaker because it is more affected by mobile phone demand. Starting in q2 in 2020, the panel price entered the latest up-price cycle, and fast after q2-q3 hit the top in 2021.
Starting in June 2022, the mainland panel manufacturer began to take the initiative to significantly lower crop rates. So far, supply-side controls have worked well, supply and demand have eased, and the price of the tv panel has stopped falling. As of November 2022, the 32 inch tv panel has been rebounding for two months. There is a greater resolve on the part of the mainland manufacturer to intervene in crop rates, and the supply chain is in the short and medium term (in three to five months).
The small, medium-sized tv panel continues to release detection signals, and the large-sized panel has shrunk. As of 2022, the q2 tv panel partial-sized price has fallen through the cost of cash.
The current decline in prices of the sizes of the panels has either stopped or narrowed. In the future, as manufacturers are actively restructuring their products, some of the original tv panels will continue to shift to the t panel, where supply and demand are expected to remain relaxed and prices high or face the test of matching demand.
Mobile panel prices fluctuate less and the process performance is slightly different. Cell panels are the last to be affected by current swings. Panel prices are worth noting that they are not affected by falling prices in the current panel cycle because the demand for cellular panels for a-silcd technologies has declined as Xidelcd, ltpslcd and oled technologies have increased penetration in the mobile market; and the demand for cellular panels for a-silcd technologies has declined.
The mobile panel has a certain price stability because of the positive import of domestic and foreign mobile brands to their flagship and mid-end aircraft, the continued increase in penetration rates and the continued high demand, but the supply remains tight.
2.1.4 The technology path is light, low energy consumption, high brightness, and resilient, and mled shows technology that provides soil for the lcd iterative upgrading.
In addition, the response speed and colour are better than tft-lcd, so it is lighter than tftlcd, less energy, high brightness, good light rate, foldable, and so on. Depending on the characteristics, the oled displays a passive matrix of oled, active matrix of oled, transparent oled, top hair, etc.
Light, foldable, and white. Amoled is the most dominant display technology in the field of mobile phones. In addition, small spacing, miniled technology, based on the icd technology upgrade, is becoming more sophisticated, and the latest microled technology is in the process of being explored.
Most advantages, but industry generally uses Miniled as a transition option for high-end displays, as production has not yet been achieved. On the technical side, tv is expected to have the fastest growth in miniled backlight lcd in the tv panel, and on smartphone panels, amoled ltpo soft technology is expected to have the fastest increase.
It will remain strong, with the expectation that the old and mini/microled backlight lcd panels will reach 11.6% and 18.9%, respectively, in 2025. Apple introduced amoledltpo soft technology in 2021, which has led to a significant change in the profile of smartphones: smartphones carrying amoledltpo soft technology accounted for 0.5% from 2020.
This rises to 4.7% in 2021, and is expected to continue to rise. According to Omdia, in 2024, the ratio of mobile phone delivery on board the ltpo soft technology will reach 16.0%, and the ltps rigidity technology will be the most dominant amoled recommenced production of ltpo technology.
2.2 Competition patterns: increased concentration in the lcd industry; clear cost advantages of the land and Korean accelerated layout of the old land plant lcd panel, which dominates the lcd production capacity. Because of the cost advantages of China’s lcd panel, Chinese manufacturers and, increasingly, the lcd panel industry. With the withdrawal of the Samsung lcd line, the future lcd panel competes.
The Bureau will be further improved, and lcd will show a higher concentration of producers. Land plants are now in the lead in large, medium, and small sizes of lcd, with a market share of about 60%.
According to the data, in 2021, the largest volume of tftlcd panels and the size of the shipments was the highest in Kyoto. In terms of volume, 31.5 per cent (15.4 per cent and 13.4 per cent respectively) of the shipments were from Kyoto/groups of photovoltaics/lgd, the largest inch of which was in the field of tv and ttlcd; and in terms of area of export, the share of tclv/lgd was the highest in Kyoto.
26.2/15.8 per cent/11.9 per cent It is worth noting that tclstar, 2021, ranked fifth in volume of large-sized lcd, gained second place in the area because of the layout of two 11 generation lines.
China Xing has accelerated catch-up; as the production line matures, China is expected to continue to climb the crop rate and good rate of production. Korea’s third generation showed an early investment in technology, with its market share close to 70% in 2021, based on the size of the board.
The panel is 72% in the global market, and the harvest is 90%. The lgd is later than the sdc, but it's the only source and collection in the old tv. The tclstar and tvoled panels, respectively, are accelerating to catch up with the two Korea factories. In addition to the former, the rest of the manufacturers are well-positioning the track, and the mainland of China is focusing on Visino.
Small-scale soft-led, deep-sky focus vr shows, and bright light power is focused on rigid-led, long-printed-led. The country’s oled line is not yet mature, and crop rates and good rates need to be raised. According to cinno, in 2021, the country’s amoled crop rate remained low at 50-62%, and at the beginning of 2022, it was due to tradition.
Currently, the oled line is dominated by six-generation flexible lines, and the lgd large-scale oled leads. From the global paneling plant’s ongoing construction of the oled line, the oled panel’s shift from low- to high-generation lines is evident, mainly because of the panel’s shift from low- to high-generation lines.
The small size is due to the development of a medium-sized size. Of these, the lig shows a clear pre-emptive advantage in large sizes, with the first 8-generation line starting production in 2017 q3 and now having two 8-generation lines and one 8.5-generation line, and a 10.5-generation plan to start production in 2023 q3.
In addition to the above-mentioned large panels, the rest of the manufacturers have not yet laid a higher line of production for generations. 3 Company layouts: flexible adjustment of lcd's full capacity to guarantee profitability, accelerated layout determination of growth
3.1 Core competitiveness analysis: lcd has a significant lead, led by 3.1.1 product layouts The corporate "1+4+n" enterprise is dominated by industry (including lcd and oled), 2021, corporate monitors
On the basis of the firm of lcd displays of panel operations, the company has gradually increased. It shows that the business has been growing up to 80% of the company, and in recent years the share of the business has continued to rise, with 92.2% in 2021 as a result of b7% and b11 sprouts.
The production-line capacity is released, b12 q.g. production-line capacity climbs up the slopes, the supply of the uned panel rises, and the corresponding collection ratio rises: according to industry studies, by the end of 2021, the share of the camp was close to 10%.
Showing that Mini-led and Micro-led, which provided backlight products, started to produce volumes, in 2021, the company reported the addition of a mled business caliber (mini/micro-led), which in turn could facilitate the company ' s sales and price increases at the tv end of lcd and could therefore complement and create synergies with the company ' s own demonstration.
Company lcd shows a steady market share in the downstream world, a large size tv panel leading, and two 10.5 generation high-generation lines having reached full capacity. Company is the world's absolute leader. In terms of volume, in 2021, Kyoto East continued to have the world's first-highest market share of screens in the five major applications: lcdtv, mnt, nb, tablet, and mobile phones.
In addition, companies display panels above 8 inches, as well as screens for innovative applications such as wearing, electronic shelf labels, electronic tags, synths, iot finance, etc., are ranked first globally. On the client side, the company ' s lcd monitor downstream customers include all mainstream mobile phone manufacturers, among the 28 core clients.
The top two of 27, the first of 20. In terms of production lines, the company has a significant productive advantage and has completed the first 10.5 generation of the world, which is now full, and the auxiliary firm has consolidated its competitive advantage in large-scale tv. 3.1.3 continuity of competitiveness.
Corporate R & D costs have grown rapidly, accounting for more than 70% of R & D personnel. In 2021, the company ' s R & D costs were 10,67 billion, there were 9574 patent applications under review, and in the first half of 2021 more than 4,500, of which the number of patent applications was the seventh in the world, the company ' s sixth consecutive year in the world.
The company’s lead in patent numbers continues to increase R & D inputs and patent applications, allowing it to expand its edge in the panel industry. The company’s lcd production lines are flexible, dynamically optimized, profit-making is safeguarded, and the vanguard is reinforced by global tv.
The demand is expected to slow, and companies have been dynamically adjusting their production structures since 2020. According to industry studies, the income share of the tv its panels has risen to 50% from 30% before 2020. By fine-tuning its production lines, companies have increased their profitability by focusing their production capacity on the products of the t and high-end tv panels, proving their lcd panels to be in the lead.
The company’s focus is soft-led, production capacity continues to climb, and future growth is determined by the needs of large clients and the trend of folding screens. The company’s left panel has become a panel provider for big American clients, and in 2023 it is expected that it will be more than lg in the future, after three stars, to become a screen for big American customers.
The company plans to expand its b12 qing 5-generation application from smartphones to t and carloads, and is expected to deepen its future collaboration with large clients. Moreover, the company is expected to take the lead in increasing the layout of major Andre mills as they build up to achieve the perfect standard.
3.2 Capability analysis: lcd line maturity, flexible structure, productive capacity, oled climbing company lcd line maturity, high yield, and accelerating the layout of the oled line. The company currently has 11 lcds.
The production line and the 3-olid line are in production, and 2 additional lcd and 2-lod lines are being planned. With regard to the lcd line, the company has a total of 1 4.5-generation line, 1 5.5-generation line, 1 6-generation line, 5 8.5-generation line, 1 8.6-generation line and 2 10.5-generation line, containing small, medium and large dimensions, with applications covering tv,it and smart cellular lines.
By the end of 2021, the company’s capacity expansion was mainly 2 at the 10.5 generation line: b9 compost and b17 Vuhan’s 10.5 generation line’s monthly capacity increased to 155k.
The company ' s lcd line produces more than 3.51 million units per month and provides more than 20 million square metres. Starting in 2022, the company ' s lcd production capacity is expected to slow down, with a clear expansion of production to 55k-180k on the 10.5 generation line of b17 Wuhan and the b20 Division ' s current focus on production lines, with the company ' s b70s, b11s and b12s continuing with the 3-generation 6-doled line.
Climb the slopes, each of which is expected to have a full monthly production capacity of 48k, with a combined monthly production capacity of 144k. In addition, the construction of two 8-generation production lines in B15-Fo County and b16-Focus is planned, and production is to be delivered and the company ' s production capacity will be further enhanced. 3.3 Market and growth analysis: tv, it-optimistic, oled-phone screen, vehicle-borne
3.3.1tv: Large size guaranteed a stable base of lcd, which is expected to be further released tv to provide a large base base of panels, and ild and mled to invigorate the tv market. lcd LCD is still globally mainstream, but due to flat demand and an increase in old, miniledtv penetration, icd LCD is available.
The volume of goods and the market share are expected to slow down. According to a group of resource persons, the ratio of global lcd crystal television exports was about 96% in 2021, and it is expected to drop to 94% in 2022. In contrast, the volume of sales from the old and miniled backlight televisions in 2022 is expected to reach about 10 million and 3 million, respectively, with a city share of about 4.4% and 3 million, respectively.
1.3% of the company has commercial tvoled capacity, and the new mled caliber added in 2021 shows its commitment to development in Mini led and microlled. Large-scale trends have led to an increase in the total volume of the tv panel.
The global average size of the lcdtv panel is expected to increase from 43.5 in 2017 to 48.6 in 2021, based on group wisdom advice. Driven by the large size of the tv panel, the demand for the tv end has slowed, but the average size of the shipment has increased as a result of the larger size of the tv.
We expect to maintain a more stable upswing. We expect that in 2022-2023, the global volume of the lcdtv panel will be the first, and that in the future there will be plans to allocate more tv capacity to the 10.5 generation large-size line, with the area expected to rise further, benefiting first from the tv large-size trend.
Figure 53: 2018-2023e Global lcdtv surface area measurement (millions of square metres)
In 2021, this computer was still up 3.7% and 12.6%, respectively. Although in 2022 the volume of laptops and tablets is expected to fall, future demand for the panels is expected to remain robust in the context of an increasing number of businesses and schools equipping staff and students with mobile laptops or tablets.
As a result of the upgrading of the mnt structure, the electric monitor has become a new engine. As a result of the increase in the population of economically powerful older game players and the expansion of the use of the electric monitor from the game to the day-to-day and professional office scenes, demand for the electric monitor has grown in reverse, or has given new impetus to a weaker monitor market.
The share is about 33 per cent, with new and 18,767,000 square metres added to the monitor market, i.e., 5.4 per cent and +35.6 per cent, respectively, owing to long-term stability in the ratio and the fact that prices are not vulnerable to industrial fluctuations; it is expected that the size of the ccd tablet will be reduced to a higher value added IT area, where the tv capacity will be actively transferred by the panel manufacturer.
The volume of panels is expected to continue to decline, with global panel producers actively adjusting their collection structures and allocating more production capacity to one area. According to industry studies, in the second half of 2021, the share of PV/PV in Kyoto increased to about 45/35/45/50 per cent, respectively.
The production capacity is "distributed, expected to be "the panel is well supplied and the supply and demand continues to be relaxed. 3.3.3 Mobile phones: Multi-drive or facilitate a rebound in the mobile phone market, benefiting from the oed, folding screens and 5g switch trends, in 2022, or a reversal of incoming cellular output. 2021, all of them.
The number of cell phones delivered was 1.39 billion, an increase of 4.5%. Three stars/ apples/milles/oppo/vivos, respectively, divided the needs of the cell panels, and left, folded screens, and 5g switchboards became new. According to the intelligence group consultation, starting in 2020, a-silcd, ltpslcd, is expected to drop, while the supply of a-silcd, ltpslcd, will continue.
Upgraded, it is expected that in 2022, the number of sales from the Leed mobile phone will reach 710 million, an increase of 24.5 per cent over the same period; the number of sales from the mobile phone and the screen will reach 680 million, an increase of 7.1 per cent over the same period, and that, with the maturity of the folding screen technology and the folding of the mobile phone, the volume from the year to year will reach 14 million, an increase of 100 per cent over the same period, with a public profile on the flexible leed panel.
square metres, 17.7 per cent and 4.3 per cent, respectively, of which the cellular panels of Leed are 424.5 per cent and 4,544,000 square metres, respectively, i.e. +3.3 per cent and + 7.0 per cent, respectively, and the company ' s capacity has risen to become one of three suppliers to the United States ' large client ' s cellular panels and is expected to be used in the future.
In 2021, according to data from a group of intellectual consultants, the company sold about $60 million of its cellular screens, an increase of nearly 70 per cent over the same year. The number of cellular screens increased from 7.4 per cent in 2020 to 9.3 per cent in 2021. In 2021, the company successfully accessed a major U.S. mobile phone client, becoming one of the only three screen providers for the U.S. mobile phone.
Mobile screens reach about 20 million pieces, or close to 10%. Currently, the company's two oled lines are on a fast-growing slope to respond to mobile panel orders from large United States clients and are expected to penetrate the big North American customers further in 2023, extending from a lower supply of the ltps process oled to a supply of the ltpo process oled, which is expected to break the three star display of the ltpo process oled.
Auto-smartity drives multiple cars, showing rapid growth of the board, and a large market. According to digitimes, 2021, the global vehicle fleet shows an estimated 180 million pieces, a 30% increase over the same period. Benefiting from an increase in tram penetration, an accelerated trend in motor vehicle intelligence and the penetration of the smart cabin, a further increase in full-screen occupancy is expected in the future, projected for 2026.
The vehicle fleet shows an increase to 250 million pieces, with a composite growth rate of 10.2 per cent over the six-year period, with the central control station/mechanical plate/head display showing the largest share, benefiting from an increase in the volume of cargo from a medium monitor greater than 9 inches, and a potential increase in the volume of cargo from a vehicle monitor to a higher speed than the yield increase. At present, deep-sky horses show the largest volume of panels for the vehicle.
In 2021, in the first quarter of q3, the company ' s front load showed 47 million pieces of cargo, an increase of about 78.8 per cent compared to the previous year, representing an increase of 11.2 per cent, a significant increase of 5.3 pp compared with the early 2021; in the backload, it showed 1.9 million pieces of cargo, a rapid increase.
Further upswing, companies are expected to make a significant difference in the future in the vast vehicle market. Figure 66: Global vehicle monitor output (millions) 2020-2026e. Figure 67: Global vehicle controller output (millions) 2020-2026e.
Figure 68: Portfolio displays by manufacturer in vehicles in 2021 (millions of pieces) Scenario 1: Display device-lcd display device operations: As a result of improved global lcd panel competition patterns, increased bargaining power in continental panels, and increased production control capabilities, it is expected that companies will be willing to maintain a low yield rate in the future for active control of production.
The company ' s lcd crop rate is expected to be 75/82/85 per cent in 2022 and 2024 respectively. The price of the lcd panel in 2022 assumes that: the display-led display business: the company ' s line of production matures and orders increase, and the crop rate is expected to rise to 53/70/75 per cent in 2022 and 2024 respectively. In 2022, the company ' s operations were exposed to Andre hands.
Assumption 3: Other operations: Smart health operations will continue to benefit from the development of physical networking and hopefully a more structured, intelligent and healthy management of ecosystems; intelligent systems innovation products will benefit from the spread of the ai and big data and a better combination of hard and hard; sensors and solutions operations will continue to dig deep into different areas such as medical care, transportation, consumer electronics, communications, industrial sensors, etc.
Table 6: Absolute valuation assumptions Table 7: Fcff valuation results
(b) The risk of further deterioration of downstream demand;