Focus on the five major players, the full-fledged digital economy 24/04/ 2022 Summary of events: 21/04/2022, the company released its 2022-Quarterly Report to achieve operating income
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
The 22q1 company achieved a revenue of 89,022 million yuan, an increase of 8.2 per cent over the same period, of which the main business income was 81,197 million yuan, an increase of 9.8 per cent over the same period, a net return profit of 2,031 million yuan, an increase of 20.0 per cent over the same period, and an absolute profit gain of one quarter. The deduction of the non-returned net profit of 2,007 million yuan, a decrease of 7.1 per cent over the same period, was mainly due to non-recurring losses.
The decline in the impairment of liquid assets in Central Africa was 63.9 per cent in the same year, while the collection structure was optimized, with a focus on the top five major players and a doubling of the connection cloud growth \triangleright \triangleright
Ma Tian q1, the company changed the disclosure of business data to focus on the five leading industries of “Great Connectivity, Large Computation, Big Data, Large Applications, Great Security” and a fully dynamic digital economy.
“Great Connectivity”: The mobile, fixed-net broadband, and networked user base have continued to improve, with good growth in all operations. In mobile operations, 5g sets of meals account for 171 million households (a net increase of about 16 million households by the end of 21), pulling mobile main camp revenues have increased by between 2.2% and $41.99 billion over the same period.
Systemic, fixed-net broadband access revenue increased by 5.5 to 11.5 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis. The focus in the area of access to goods moved beyond 5g slices of capacity and cat1 differential advantages, increasing the number of end-to-end connections to 313 million, and the amount of access to the Internet operations to recover 121 million yuan, a significant increase of 40.7 per cent.
“Big computing”: integrating networks, arithmetic, and idc resources to connect to the cloud multiplied. The connecting cloud rolled out the 5g edge. 1. China Connect (600050.sh) annual report 2021.
The company relies on the country's new "5+4+31+x" to release new energy.
According to the central system, the Idc operation generated $6,231 million, an increase of 14.5 per cent.
The growth of the industry Internet has been strong, with “big data”: enhancing the core technical capabilities of big data, artificial intelligence, block chains, and 22q1 big data generating $972 million, an increase of 54.1 per cent over the same period.
New applications, such as colour bells, 5g messages; end-of-end in-depth implementation of the 5g application “Shows Up” action plan, acceleration of the 5g solutions scale-up programme, with 1,421 clients served by the 5g virtual network. “Great security”: products such as cloud access shields, big network situational awareness, password ca, cloudwaf, etc., are being introduced and scale replication is being developed.
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.