Quarterly review 2022: q1 q1 q1 q2 = 22 04 04 = high and high growth of industry Internet operations
Research assistant Yao Jiuhua: On 21 April, China Connect released its 2022 q1 performance report, q1 achieved revenue of 89,022 million yuan, an increase of 8.2 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of 2,031 million yuan, an increase over the same period
q1 is a new high on the market, with industry digitalization accounting for 74 per cent of the overall increase in income: China's connection to the economic and social digital transformation was the highest in the same period since income and profits were brought to the market in the first quarter of the year, with industry's Internet operations earning 194.19 per cent.
One hundred million yuan, representing 23.9% of the income from the overall main business, increased by 34.8% in the same year, compared with $6.75 billion in the same year, and became an important driver of growth in China’s connectivity performance.
With access revenue of $11,500 million, an increase of 5.5 per cent over the same period; with the number of networked terminals reaching 313 million, the income from the networked operations reached $2,121 million, an increase of 4.7 per cent over the same period; the link of $1 billion, an increase of 14.5 per cent over the same period; and the benefits of good growth in the network operations and the consolidation of the main camp operations
Income rose by 19.1% over the same period, with income rising to a new high in recent years. In our view, following the tide of digitalization, industrial digitization has become an important factor in China’s connectivity performance, while traditional mobile and network-based operations have been steadily moving upwards, and we continue to appreciate China’s future connectivity performance as well.
▪ Integration into the digital economy and expansion of the new track: Under new opportunities in the digital economy, China has accelerated the construction of high-speed, high-speed, integrated national data centre systems, national industrial networking, etc.
China Connect: Annual Report 2021: Performance, a secure, controlled, intelligent and comprehensive digital information infrastructure, information on economic and social development, steady growth, cloud computing, idc, etc.
Connected, while fully enhancing the new strategy of “Great Connectivity, Big Calculus, Big Data, Big Applications, Big Security” with a stronger scale-up value based on the steady development of basic operations.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: a steady upturn in corporate performance and an emerging business development dynamic
China Connect: Mid 2021: Adhering to innovation transformation, building differential advantages, accelerating the process of implementation. China Connect: Back to the Rich Time Index series. Look.
Good China Connect Basics are solid and steady up.