Peace Bank (000001.sz): Net profit insurance, 19 August 2024.
On 15 August, the Bank published its semi-annual report for 2024, which enabled 24h1 to be collected and pre-positioned. In 2016, the Bank began a full transfer to retail banks of $77.13 billion, net profits of $55.24 billion, $25.880 billion, corresponding to 13 per cent, 14.1 per cent and +1.9 per cent, respectively.
So, it's hard to build smart retail banks, and it's hard to push for a two-tier bank of fine companies. Integrated finance is a corporate niche, based on a large individual customer base, strong.
(a) Brand influence, extensive distribution networks and full-blown revenue ends: net interest income, middle-income pressure, and other non-interest income contributions further up.
The leading smart retail banks provide a powerful nuclear ratio of the same to 13%, with a reduced ring ratio of q1 minus one pct; the main contribution comes from other non-interest income. Cost-side: continuing to regulate costs, reducing credit costs, and maintaining positive growth in the net profit from anti-breeding.
The loss of credit impairments is the same as 28.5%, of which the loan impairment losses are the same as 14.1%, and the Bank of Ann actively promotes the medium-term dividends. The distribution of dividends has been approved by the board of directors and is proposed at $2.46 per 10 shares;
At the end of June, there was a similar increase in the total assets of the safe bank.
Of these, loans, financial investments, and the same ratio - 0.7%, and +14.1%, show a gradual increase in corporate financial assets, such as bonds, in an environment of weak demand for credit.
q2 additional credit comes mainly from a reduction in the balance of retail loans and a better structure. q2 single-season loan balances are reduced by 68.661 billion, or 68.26 billion more than in the same period. Of this, 40.370 billion were added to public loans, an increase of 42.76 billion more than in the same year.
In the context of structural adjustment, the q2 credit card and deposit balances have grown steadily. At the end of June, the total bank deposit for Peace was +5.6 per cent, with a 6.1 per cent rise in Piti, with 163.5 billion new deposits in the first half of the year, mainly due to the company ' s fixed-term contribution (an additional $152.3 billion).
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is the personal current (a new 99.2 billion dollars), the net income gap ring continues to narrow, and the cost of debt improvement is accelerating.
24H1 Bank of Peace net interest difference of 1.96%. q2 single-season net interest difference of 1.91%, with a 10bp drop in ring 1; mainly due to a decline in returns on loans, especially retail loans. 1 Asset end: q2 interest asset rate of return, 19bp drops in ring rate.
Debt end: q2 interest-bearing liabilities have fallen by 10 bp. Of these, deposits, bond issuances, inter-operability liabilities have fallen by 7 bp, 17 bp, 15 bp. As deposits have been renewed, the effect of the downward adjustment of the deposit-bearing interest rate has gradually become apparent, with individuals and public deposit rates falling by 9 bp, 6 bp, respectively.
To the extent that physical demand remains weak, supportive monetary policy or further inflated; to the extent that the equity bank asset structure is aligned optimized, downward pressure on asset end-of-end rates of return is expected throughout the year; and to the prospect of progressive release of cost dividends from end-of-debt deposits: net interest differentials or continued pressure, but risk-adjusted gains are expected to remain stable.
At the end of June, the unperforming bank loan rate was 1.07 per cent and the ring ratio was equal; concern was expressed that the loan ratio was 1.85 per cent, an increase of 7 bp over the ring.
In terms of the quality of the loan assets broken down: 1 pair of public: at the end of June, the default rate was 0.75 per cent for general enterprise loans and 3bp for ring q1. Of this, the negative rate for public real estate loans was 1.26 per cent, and the increase for ring is 8bp;
Billion; 7bp to 1.39% rise in the consumer non-performing ratio, mainly as a result of a decrease in the consumer loan balance; 5bp, 7bp to 0.83%, 2.7%, respectively, decrease in the negative balance; 510 million and 660 million, respectively. Under current economic pressure, retail-end credit and high-yield loans are still missing.
Investment proposals: Under the influence of the weak industry climate and the restructuring of its own business strategy, the first half of the year's growth of the Peace Bank has been maintained; cost controls have been increased, credit costs have been reduced, and net profits from breastfeeding have been on the rise; medium term, the distribution of the red formula has helped to increase investor confidence. Looking ahead, the growth rate is expected to continue at a net rate throughout the year.
There is still a narrow pressure on the margin and the harvest is still under pressure; but taking into account the overall stability in the quality of the assets, the adequacy of the provision, the plentiful source of Eastern wealth, the rich source of Eastern wisdom, the rich source of Eastern wealth, the rich and the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich.
Figure 3: 1q24, 1h24 performance split by Peace Bank
Figure 7: An increase of 2.6 pct to 264.3 per cent in the coverage ratio of the Bank of Peace at the end of June: Table 1: Indicators related to the management of the Bank's wealth
Peace Bank (000001.sz): Net profits have been growing steadily, with medium-term dividends on the ground - semi-annual reviews in 2024, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity.
East Hing Securities Company reports Peace Bank (000001.sz): Net profits are growing and medium-term dividends are on the ground — semi-annual reviews in 2024
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.