On August 15, the Bank of Peace issued a 24h1 report. 24h1 generated 77.13 billion yuan, yoy.
-13.0 per cent; net profit for mothers is 25.880 million yuan, yoy + 1.9 per cent; negative rate is 1.07 per cent, with a provision for coverage of 264 per cent; marginal harvests are reduced and net profit for mothers is rising. 24h1 net profit for safe banks \triangleright \triangleright
At a rate of 24 q1 +1.1 pct, -0.3 pct, respectively. The split shows that) 20.6% of the asset restructuring background is affected by the convergence of the silver insurance channels and the decline in equity fund sales, and that there are still pressures on revenue from wealth management operations; 3) higher returns on investment and fair value changes, driven by market dynamics, are being promoted by higher rates of return on investment and push.
Motivating other non-interestable income over the same year +56.7% has resulted in a larger positive contribution to revenue collection; 4) In the context of the transition, credit losses of 24h1 have been notably cost-effective, with credit impairment losses of -28.4% the same year, supporting a positive increase in net return profits. Restructured, retail credit expansion slows down.
\triangleright is reflected in the credit boom, with the Bank of Peace 24h1 lending at the end of the year equal to-0.7%. Structurally, the first half of the year saw a total increase in lending from the public to the public, and the end of 24h1 from the public loans equal to 15.9%; the retailer group went to the public.
Medium- and low-risk migration, and the current demand for effective credit is still in the process of recovery, with a certain pressure on credit drops; residual gold power, with the retail loan balance at the end of 24h1 corresponding to 11.8 per cent.
Low interest differentials on loan pricing have been reduced, but the cost of the debt has been significantly optimized. The major pressure on the narrow net interest differential is that the rate of return on 24q2 loans has fallen by 29bp over 24q1, with a small increase in the margin of bad readings for the public (without discounts, but influenced by the size of retail loans); and poor performance on public loans.
2. Saviour Bank (00001.sz) 2023 Annual Report Review: active restructuring of the credit structure, consolidation of the wealth base - 2024
During the process of asset restructuring, a slowdown in size will also reduce capital consumption, and a more abundant core capital adequacy rate will provide some support for companies’ subsequent maintenance of a higher share of cash. Investment proposals: restructured, slow expansion, and quantitative and qualitative progress towards a new balance.
During the restructuring of operations, retail credit groups have shifted to medium- and low-risk risks, and while expanding in the short term, profits have continued to increase to support entities by 2023/03/10, focusing on the balanced development of the quality and quantity of operations in order to take on a new growth week with a healthier business base.
At the same time, the slow pace of scale expansion reduces capital consumption, and the abundance of capital is a follow-on dimension. \triangleright Figure 1: The same rate of growth (cumulative) as at the end of 24h1
Figure 2: Net interest income and rate of increase (cumulative) in the year-on-year ratio as at the end of 24h1 from the Bank of Peace, Figure 3: Other non-interest income at the end of 24h1 increased at the same rate (cumulative) Figure 12: Capital adequacy rate of the Bank of Peace as at the end of the third tranche of 24h1
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.