In the first half of the year, the company published its semi-annual report in 2024, and the net profit on collection and return was not much different.
Business growth has been faster, while companies have disclosed multiple M & As announcements, which are expected to lead to client breakthroughs, enhanced spare-part capacity, and increased global layout. We believe that companies have a good business outlook and maintain an increased rating.q2 Q2 Quarter operating income of $23,169 million, +1.27%, ring +42.76%, and net profit return of $686 million, the same amount.
Companies update their business classifications, smart wears, servers, and aiot. Corporate smart terminals include smart phones and smart wears, which received $12.4 billion in the first half of 2024, or 33 per cent of the income of the main business, of which smart cellular output is a small drop in the same volume, but smart wears products at a rapid rate. High performance computing operations include personal computers, flats, etc.
Computers and data products, which generated business income of $22.2 billion in the first half of 2024, or 60 per cent of the main operating income. For laptops, the company’s share of the electricity market was stable in the first half of 2024, and it was in the fourth largest worldwide position of pen-odm, achieving the scale of sales of tens of millions; for tablets, the company always maintained the global tablet odm in the first half of 2024.
Breaking through the train-the-trainer track has enriched the tablet customised intelligent application scenes; in data products, corporate apparel revenues increased by 150 per cent in the first half of 2024, and the i New Chip Platform industry was the first to deliver goods for customer AI large model training and (40.9) (4.8) (43.5) (35.5)
In the first half of 2024, cars and industrial products generated $640 million, or 1.73 per cent of the main battalion’s income. Automobile electronics have broken through the four major business modules of smart cabins, smart car controls, smart network connections, smart driving, and gradually generating scale effects;
In terms of industrial products, the design produces new and emerging hardware products such as smart poss, industry pda, face recognition, new retailing, etc. The design produces smart homes, audio products, vr, games, etc., and delivers goods to a number of well-known end-users.
According to the announcement of July 30, the company intends to transfer 65% of the shares to China’s fully-owned subsidiaries.
Shanghai Oleg Information Technology Ltd. is expected to achieve the following results through M&A: 1) access to the customer ' s supply chain system through acquisition. With the acquisition of Eluda, the company is expected to produce audio products for large and large clients and to have the opportunity to expand other products; 2) increase the company ' s odmm competition
Increased investment in precision molding plants through acquisitions, with the hope that vertical integration will lead to the integration of parts and components and the integration of machines into research and development competitiveness: 3) Globalization will be enhanced. Increased deployment of overseas manufacturing bases through acquisitions, including Viet Nam, Mexico, and China, and the Silver International Securities Corporation.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy operations Industry cycle risk, international trade friction and policy limitations risk, raw material price volatility risk, exchange rate fluctuations risk.