Electronics consumer electronics iii Inherent, extraterrestrial, more powerful odms, more concentrated odms, more powerful pioneers: companies specialize in the development of smart hardware products
Platform-type companies that design, produce, and operate services. Companies produce products that span electronic products, industrial products, industrial products, car regulation electronics, etc. In two ecosystems represented by smartphones and laptops, the company has a relatively significant ecological effect, and the company is a small industry with the capacity to achieve the foundation.
The R & D design and the X86 design of the Arm architecture have made breakthroughs and scale effects on smartphones, laptops, data centre products, and car electronic intelligence hardware. According to market researcher counterpointresearch, the global smartphone idh/odm manufacturer delivered in 2023.
Market share reports indicate that Chinese technology ranks first at 27.8% of the market, followed by Dragon Flags, Hsien-tae, Teng, and Mobiwire. Corporate smart terminal operations establish and maintain long-term tight partnerships with global head technology brands. In the first half of 2024, corporate smart terminal operations achieved $12.4 billion in operating income, accounting for the main camp.
Thirty-three per cent of business income, the speed at which smart wears are growing, and the amount of smart phones coming out of products has fallen slightly over the same period due to a more intergenerational pace of products, but has always maintained a high market rate and a solid basis for client cooperation. High performance computing operations are divided into laptops, tablets, and data operations, which were achieved in the first half of 2024.
Business income is $22.2 billion, or 60% of the principal business income. The share of the Chinese technology laptop market has been rising steadily, and it is the only company in the continent that has broken the Taiwan peer monopoly and has formed a tens of millions of sales volume, and is now in the fourth largest position in the world. We believe that the odm industry has a much stronger R & D capability.
Supply chain management capacity, customer development, new product coverage, and risk resistance, after several rounds of industry, it became clear that there was a consistent trend among leading producers and strong players.
Sun Peak, according to the company's summary, is divided into three main types of purpose: 1) to open up new customers: by acquiring the subject, to enter the new customer supply chain system. With the acquisition of Eluda, it is hoped that we will be able to make a big, big customer.
(b) Increasing the global layout: the company wants to increase the layout of its overseas manufacturing base. The whole overseas layout strategy is called “vmi”: v refers to Vietnam, m is Mexico, i is
India. 3) Enhancing the Core Competitiveness of HALCOODMM (o-efficient operation; d-research and development technology; m-advanced manufacturing; m-precision components): On the layout of sophisticated structural elements, over the past few years, HALATE has been used through joint ventures or equity participation: In-depth analysis - HALATE
In a way, the company has already made some layouts on sophisticated structures, and as the company develops, it has become more aware (603296.sh): the odm is stronger, higher, more sophisticated, more sophisticated and more important to the company as a whole, thus further increasing the number of sophisticated structures in a few.
The division’s shareholding ratio brings about the integration of parts and components and the competitiveness of whole machines through vertical integration.
Accumulated strong R & D capabilities, manufacturing capabilities, supply chain capabilities, quality control capabilities, cost advantages, size advantages, etc., in business areas such as mobile phones, dedicated to building 2+n+3 ("Smartphone + Laptops") + "Democracy"
Cost-based electronic products “+ “enterprise-level data centre products + automobile electronics + software” product structure.