The company issued an announcement on the signing of an investment offer to purchase 80 per cent of the ILN holdings held internationally in cash, and the target shares were purchased at a reference price.
The Division and its controlled subsidiary, in their valuation report as at 31 December 2023, confirmed that the acquisition of the Iloda Holdings was intended, with sufficient confidence in the performance commitment.
As of December 31, 2023, the assets of the ILK holdings amounted to HK$ 3,306 million, with a total of HK$ billion. In this acquisition, the ILN Holdings committed themselves to 2024, 2025, and so forth.
Increased integration of resources and improved product ecology and business layout. The product lines of the Chinese technology operations cover smart terminals, high-performance computing, automobiles and industrial products, smart hardware products like alot, and specialized voice products.
Resources, technology, expansion of the company's market share in the core segment of smart hardware products with the highest/minimum price within 52 weeks
Household structure, improvement of the company’s product ecology and strategic layout, and enhancement of the level of development of efficient synergies between business segments. As downstream consumer electronics recover, Huaqin is about to start a new round of growth, with limited information technology in Shanghai.
In the PC domain, in 2023, the company's laptop odm business entered the top four of the world, with a full-scale mix of PC products, including laptops, one-stop machines, desktops, etc.
Aipc software and hardware are growing ecologically, aipc penetration is increasing year by year, and companies are increasing their value in terms of the competitiveness of products and services resulting from the combination of hardware and software, leading to a sustained increase in performance.
Technologically, the company has developed a strong R & D capability and manufacturing level in the field of server odm, which can provide a full-store product mix ranging from general servers, asymmetrical artificial intelligence servers, switches to storage servers, which has already been built with a number of well-known national cloud vendors.
The market recovery has not been as anticipated: product R & D and technological innovation have not been as expected: the data imported by customers are derived from what we believe to be reliable and are now publicly available, and through independent judgement and conclusions, seek to be independent, objective and public.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.