The competitiveness of the core products has been increasing and the market share has continued to rise.
The net profit attributable to the shareholders of listed companies netting off non-recurring gains and losses was $3.27 billion, a decline in the same year, with a positive return of 2022q4 and a quarterly improvement in the Māori rate. In 2022, companies achieved a growing competitiveness of core products and a continuous increase in market share. In 2022, R & D costs were raised.
Companies continue to increase their R & D inputs and the competitiveness of their core products. Sub-products show that for 12 years in a row, the co-dealing champion in the domestic market for machines, with the mega-digger market rising to first place in 2022; concrete machinery is the world’s first brand, with a share in the market for blending cars and vehicle pumps.
There has been an increase in the market share of blenders, which is more than 30 per cent, up from 9 pct in the previous year; the market share of automobile cranes has continued to rise to 32 per cent; the overall market share of mounted cranes has risen to more than 40 per cent; and it is the country's top priority: the market share of amplifiers has passed by 30 per cent, and it is the country's number one, the market for rollers and mills.
Firmly pursuing the internationalization strategy, with rapid growth in overseas revenues. Companies continued to advance the internationalization strategy, with an increase of $36,571 million in 2022, or 47.19 per cent in total revenue.
The Division ' s products cover more than 180 countries and regions, including Asia and the Pacific, Europe, North America, South America and Africa, with revenues of $14.850 billion, 11.780 billion in machinery, plant machinery and other products, with revenues of $18.8 billion, $7.540 billion and $7.540 billion, respectively.
It has benefited from increased sales abroad, improved product structure, and a steady increase in the Māori ratio of company-owned overseas operations, from 24.42 per cent in the first half of the year to 27.97 per cent in the second half of the year.
The construction of the towers has resulted in the completion of 25 lighthouses. Significant results have been achieved in the areas of smart driving, smart operations, and intelligent services.
In 2022, the company sold over $2.7 billion, with an increase of over 200.00% and a sales of over 3,500. At the same time, the company has completed the development of 79 electric movables, listing 67 electric products.
In the area of preparedness, companies have taken a leading role in the industry. Investment proposals: the intellectualization of companies, the acceleration of the electricization strategy, and the growing competitiveness of the core product.
The lower number of downstream projects will affect the sale of corporate products if the issuance of special-purpose debt slows down or is less than expected: (3) if demand for domestic firms in overseas markets decreases, this will result in pressure on corporate performance; (4) if raw material prices rise significantly, the company will face a higher level of performance
“Positive” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not regulated by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report and have not used the publication.