The company's leader remains strong, waiting for the “triple” outcome to be built. Three-by-one jobs (600031.sh). Macroeconomic growth and the low profile of the engineering and machinery industry. The company's leader is strong and the city is dominant.
In 2022, at the macroeconomic level, China’s manufacturing pmi index was eight months below the precipitous line, slowing down macroeconomic growth in the face of shocks; at the microcosm, engineering machinery.
The industry is still in a contractionary cycle, adding to factors such as insufficient effective start-up rates, market demand is on the decline, and the industry as a whole is largely reflected in the corporate business income trend.
The share has continued to rise significantly; the sales of concrete machinery generated 15.8 billion yuan (43.47 per cent) and remained steady at over 40 per cent, the highest in the country. In 2022, the overall sales of excavators declined by more than 20 per cent, facing a process of intellectualization of product technology and electrical change at the bottom of the industry cycle.
In 2023, the company was expected to grow steadily as a leader in the engineering and machinery industry, faced with shrinking demand in the engineering and machinery industry, corporate risk control and corporate business as a whole, and increasing product Māori (Māori) rates as the Division continues to reduce efficiency gains and optimize its product structure.
27.26%. Against the background of financial constraints in the downstream market for engineering machinery and the increased difficulty of returning money, the relative depth of 300 per cent shows that the default rate for the value of loans, mainly or no, is still at a low level, which we believe is correct.
Businesses are healthy and sustainable, and overall business will remain sound in the future. A sustained push for the transformation of research and development results has been made, and the “two new triad” strategy has accelerated the pace of transformation. In 2022, the pace of corporate internationalization achieved positive results, bringing overseas sales revenue to $366,71 million.
The company’s share in the global market for machines has risen rapidly, with the company’s share in overseas markets exceeding 8%, according to aem statistics, and the regional shares and sales of excavators have risen rapidly.
In terms of goods, and in terms of new energy and electrodynamics, companies continue to deploy talent and technology, and the transformation of results is to be expected. In companies, long-termism, increased investment in new products, new technologies, full intellectualization, electricization, internationalization, we believe that the future will yield positive results.
Investment proposal: Given the company’s high market share in the engineering and machinery industry, its current industry profile and its profitability, we expect a steady and sustained growth in corporate performance. Formerly 1.[Galactic Machinery] Company Review _ Triple 1 (600031.sh)
The vision-based “triple new two” strategy, the transformation of digitalization for the release of productive capacity, our expected performance growth, internationalization & re-research and development for a solid future, my own commitment to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has been in the past.
The London School of Political and Economics, a master’s degree in economics, eight years in securities practice, served as a member of the Chinese Galaxy Securities Institute in 2021. In 2016, the best share of new wealth was awarded to the University of France, a master’s degree in engineering from Harbin Industrial University, and in 2018, a member of the Galaxy Securities Institute.
First, the fpm academic conference bestpaperaward. Used to be a member of the New Wealth Mechanical Corps.