It's proposed to launch an employee holding scheme to show confidence in growth.
Keywords: #Export orientation Events: The company issued an announcement on 14 June 2023 to launch an employee holding scheme with a size of up to $590 million covering 7313 employees, including senior directors. This plan is not correct.
The plan covers not more than 7313 core employees, representing the current workforce.
Of these, 4% were awarded by senior directors and 96% by the rest of the core workforce, with wide coverage, employee interests tied to the depth of company growth.  steel prices hit the bottom, and the second quarter is expected to open up performance.
In May 2023, sales in the excavator industry fell by 19% on a year-on-year basis, with a narrow cut down and down with the industry base, and business revenues are expected to continue to improve on a year-on-year basis. Companies export at a faster rate than industry, raw material steel prices hit the bottom, profit margins were repaired, and in the second quarter
In 2022, major engineering and machinery firms accounted for 30-50 per cent of export earnings, of which 70 per cent or more was the main market. In 2023, the tenth anniversary of the initiative was the tenth anniversary of the initiative.
This year, Parliament held high-level meetings, not limited to the ASEAN Summit, the BRICS Leaders Summit, and the Summit Summits of the BRIC Countries. In January-April 2023, our country invested $7.5 billion in non-financial direct investment from 65 countries across the region, a 9% increase compared to the previous 9% increase in the distribution of industries by energy and trade.
Trinity Work (600031): In 2023, the number of infrastructure projects, such as the one-to-one project, was more than 60%. Engineering machinery is the quarterly rating of a core block along the way: performance is better than market expectations.
One, focussing on the opportunity to catalyse engineering and mechanical progress along the way. Profitability is expected to continue.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain three-time jobs for the period 2023-2025.
Trinity Work (600031): 2022 Report Review: The Globalization Strategy is on its way to realization, with a two-fold increase in profit and valuation
Three financial forecasting tables for three heavy jobs: Toshio Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.