Quarterly review 2023: # Export orientation #
Event: Corporate disclosure of a first-quarter report in 2023. 1 Engineering machinery undercarriage, with companies performing significantly better than industry. q1 achieved operating income of $18 billion in 2023, down 11% from the same year.
In 2023, q1 domestic engineering machinery remained in a downward cycle, with industry sales falling by 26% on a year-on-year basis, with internal sales falling by 44% and exports growing by 13%. Global competitiveness was realized, overseas shares were raised, and corporate incomes were clearly in Alpha relative to industry.
According to our calculations, in 2022, the offshore engineering and machinery market was about 500 billion yuan, with a company share of only about 7 per cent, and the potential for long-term growth in internationalization was significant. The company’s export plates were growth plates, weaker cycles, and higher profitability than the country.
Inner, the distribution valuation is expected to move upwards. The underestimation period in the domestic market should be valued higher, with company performance starting to rebound from 2023, looking at corporate profits and valuations.
0.3 pct, raw materials, reduced shipping prices, and continued repair in the context of the trend towards optimization of the business structure. Net sales interest rate of 8.8%, equal to 0.6 pct higher than the previous year, reduced scale effects, R & D investment R & D profit margin repair in 2023: (1) steel price, shipping cost decline will continue to reduce costs
▪ The proposed repurchase of shares for the employee holding scheme is a sign of development confidence.
On March 31, the company announced that it would use its own funds to buy back its shares at a price not exceeding $18/equity through a centralized bidding process.
The repurchase is for 45 days from March 30th. This last buyback is used for the employee holding program, helping to improve incentives and show the company’s confidence to grow.
Trinity Worker (600031): Quarterly Review 2022: q3 performed as expected, All Wu Securities Company Inc. has been accredited by the China Securities Supervisory Board and has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board