Other specialized machinery/special equipment/mechanical equipment 300316.sz 8 inch carbonated silicon liner developed successfully
As of August 15th, 2022, the event: August 12th, the first 8 inch of the crystallizer's sic crystal.
The success of the development of the third generation of semiconductor materials has since entered the 8-inch era. The 8-inch-sic crystal, 25-mm crystal thickness, 214-mm diameter, was a major breakthrough in the development of large-sized sic crystals. Not only has the 8-inch-sic crystals been successfully addressed.
During the long process, problems such as uneven temperature, cracking crystals, and distribution of gas-phase raw materials were also solved, and the problem of having a high bottom line ratio in the cost of the sic device was solved, with a wide range of applications for large scale sic liners, with carbonated silicon long crystals becoming more difficult, with six to eight inches more difficult. Silicon carbonated silicon is more than 200 times more difficult.
The crystal structure, while only a few crystal structures, such as 4h-sic, are required for semiconductor material, requires precise control of multiple parameters, such as carbon silicon ratio, temperature gradients, concentration of adulterated elements, during crystal growth, or it produces multiple crystals mixed with high defects in density.
Body. There are a number of difficulties associated with the 8-inch sic liner: (1) first, 8-E; (2) to solve the problem of uneven greenhouse and gas-phase material distribution and transport efficiency in large dimensions; and (3) to resolve the problem of crystal break-up caused by increased stress during long crystallization processes.
These problems require a re-engineering of the temperature distribution of the 8-inch long-crystal furnace, air field transport, etc.
So far, only a foreign company, Wolfspeed, ii-iv, has actually produced a yield capacity of 8 inches of carbonated silicon liners. 8 inches of carbonized silicon is significant for precipitation. The current conductor carbonated silicon line is 6 inches.
Main, the 8-inch bottom line begins to develop. According to a report from Wolfsped Investment Day 2021, the carbon silicon line bottoms ranged from 6 to 8 inches, the number of single-lined chips increased from 448 to 845 and the margin loss decreased from 14 per cent to 7 per cent. Wolfspeed predicted that it would be used by 2024.
The cost of the mosfet chip produced from the bottom of the 8 inch will decrease by 63 per cent from the use of the 6 inch bottom in 2022, of which 28 per cent will come from the benefits of production (higher rates), 25 per cent from the scale effect and 10 per cent from the 8 inch carbonated silicon bottom.
Because of the high technical barriers to the growth of silicon crystals, the limited number of public divisions with capacity to produce globally has led to a concentrated market pattern of silicon bottom carbon, with a large share of the global market being occupied by foreign companies. According to the report of the Wolfspeed Investment Day 2021,
Wolfspeed, which accounts for 62% of the market share of the conductor carbonated silicon liner, is in absolute advantage. ii-iv, sicrystal, sksiltron account for 14%, 13%, 5% respectively.
The bottom line of research and development is expected to break the technological monopoly of foreign firms, and thus the market of foreign firms, benefiting from the increased demand for power devices in new energy cars, the vast market space for the conductor carbonated silicon. With the increasing penetration of new energy vehicles, and the new power source of carbonated silicon devices,
With the spread of the source car, the size of the future market for carbonated silicone power devices will increase exponentially. In inches, it will reach 624,000 pieces, and domestic demand (converted to 6 inches) will reach 286,000 pieces, sold at a price of $7,423.49, assuming 6 inches of conductor carbonated silicone chip prices by 2025.
To 6,500 yen per plate, the projected global and domestic power-driven carbonated silicon line sizes of 4,056 million yuan and 1,859 million yuan, respectively. Successful research and development of the silicon line in inch has helped to accelerate the growth of corporate silicon carbonated business plates.
Carbonated silicon plates are the third-growth curve following crystallizer electron and semiconductor devices and sapphires. In summary, we believe that there is still some room for rising corporate valuations to maintain their “buy-in” investment, that the production of carbonated silicon is not as fast as expected; and that corporate firms have achieved technological breakthroughs;
Key financial data and projections: For the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decrease in the index relative to the market benchmark for securities is defined as follows:
Watch: Industry goes beyond overall market performance;