Successfully developed 8 inch sic liner, equipment plus material platforming, research assistant Liu Xiaowu, 15 August 2022
Incidents: The company's WikiLeaks Mass successfully developed 8 inch carbonated silicon crystals in August 2022. sic has since entered the eight-inch era and has made a major breakthrough in the direction of large dimensions: (1) sic lining, including precise control of air currents, temperature, etc., long-crystal furnaces are key to the quality control of the lined growth.
And know-how is much more at the device end + process decomposing end. (2) With the facility developed autonomously, the crystals have been successfully developed for the development of 8 inches of sic crystals, with a crystal thickness of 25 mm and 214 mm in diameter, which is a major breakthrough in the development of large size sic crystals.
The problem of uneven mid-temperature sites, crystal cracks, and distribution of gas-phase raw materials, has also solved the problem of the disproportionately high ratio of the cost of sic devices, laying the groundwork for extensive application of large sic linings. The eight-inch lead for the offshore tap is clear, and domestic manufacturers have yet to break: the cutting edge of the cree for the 8-E.
The production of the base of silicon in inches is on schedule, and national producers are mostly at the bottom of the 8-inch silicon line of carbon in the development phase: the 8-inch new plant was launched in April 2022 with a $1 billion investment from the Wolfspeed (cree full-time subsidiary); the construction of the new crystal mill was launched in Soitec in March 2022 and will be used.
It was manufactured in 6 inches and 8 inches, and is expected to be completed in the second half of 2023, increasing production capacity below the sic by 5 to 10 times in May 2022, including a mass output of 8 inches below; the British Flying Group indicated in September 2020 that the 8 inches of the sic crystal production line had been completed.
In mid-2022, I went into the field of carbonated silicon, and in 2021, I formed a medium-performance forecast for the synthetic-crystal growth-crushing process.
The test line, which has successfully grown a 6-inch conductor-carbled silicon crystal with an effective thickness of 25 mm-30 mm, 2021h2 has begun to send samples to clients and has now passed the downstream client and third-party testing facility tester's equipment tap to continue to benefit from downstream extension.
The company will give it priority in 2022 - 2025, after obtaining a clienta ' s intention contract, to be given a carbon-carbled silicon base totalling not less than 230,000 pieces. (2) After the company ' s targeted enrichment project has removed the carbonated silicon lined film, it proposes to " Kryptonite Power (300316); 160,000 pieces per year " .
With its own funds, the postnatal period will result in the formation of 400,000 conductives of 6 inches and more and the production of a second phase of a contract for the production of a semi-insulated carbonated silicon lined substrates, the carbonated silicon project, which landed in silver on December 3, 2021.
• Profit prediction and investment rating: photovoltaic equipment is the first curve of crystals, and the second curve is semiconductor.
The third curve is the full release of silicon material and silicon-carbide material. For the time being, without taking into account the increase in the carbonated silicon business for profit, we maintain the company ' s 2022-2024 net profit from the second phase of production of silicon-sized quartz, supplemented by the second phase of the contract.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board