Obtained order for Indian adani2gw monocrystal growth and processing equipment, 16th of August, 2022.
Research Assistant Liu Xiao Xu incident: According to the company ' s official Twitter public, Transistor Electric and adanisolar signed a single agreement for the purchase of equipment to provide 2gw photovoltaic monochrystal growth and processing equipment.
addani integrated layout, which will help build India's first single crystal silicon plant: adanisolar currently produces 1.5 gw of battery assembly capacity, planned to expand to 3.5gw, to serve as Indian photovoltaic component supplier top5, with an integrated industrial chain. Target is to reach 45gw renewable energy project capacity by 2030.
Over the next decade, $20 billion will be invested in renewable energy projects. This will help Dani build India’s first single crystal silicon plant, with an order of about $400 million if it is invested in 200 million dollars according to the equipment listgw.
▪ The rise in the overseas layout of the photovoltaic industry chain and the presence of equipment from national producers in the sea and the clear advantages of global marketing: (1) In the context of the rise in traditional energy prices, offshore photovoltaic enterprises are promoting indigenous capacity-building, while domestic photovoltaic enterprises are also accelerating integrated overseas capacity-building in response to trade frictions, and national producers of equipment.
In our view, it is inevitable to look at China's equipment suppliers in the light-voltaic industries abroad for a long time: the advantages of home-grown equipment suppliers are clear - the speed with which they respond, the ability to deliver, the price with which they are paid, and the technology with which they are able to do so. The current overseas markets where the crystals have been opened include Korea, Turkey, Mexico, Viet Nam, and China.
India, for its part, is expected to benefit in the long term from the construction of a photovoltaic industrial chain abroad. (2) We believe that the future photovoltaics will be prepared in the short term to expand the overseas market with the domestic manufacturing of the equipment and the sale of the equipment abroad, without taking into account the local production of the equipment, since the main influence of the equipment production is on the production of people and spare parts.
Response chain: Equipment vendor overseas construction needs to address the high cost + low quantity of overseas producers; while core spare parts such as electric machines, plc, cavity, sensors, gas control valves and pumps, fluid control valves and pumps, are mostly common and have high quality stability and value for money, for example, national producers.
Pumps for the Han bell machine, power for Inje Electric, etc., the entire supply chain of equipment parts is in China, and the overall cost of selling the whole machine out to sea is higher.
In the short term, silicon prices are high, silicon plants are more profitable, silicon plants are more active, and the equipment is growing longer. (2) In the medium term, silicon production is expected to lead to lower prices and faster demand is expected to release.
The Transistor Power (300316): In mid-2022, the reporting industry brought new equipment requirements, while the silicon chain still lacks advanced capacity and replacement needs are significant. (3) In the long run, the n-type is a future trend, and the N-silicon production capacity requires single-crystal equipment.
Performance forecast: Performance forecast ahead of expectations, long crystals, driven by monocrystal furnaces, will move in the direction of younger children with higher lifetimes and lower oxygen content.
The technological advantage captures a high market share of monocrystal furnaces, and we expect the city to account for about 90 per cent (with the exception of the Lungi King Express), which has a high and stable monocrystal value, a high reserve of semiconductor monocrystal technology, and a high cut-off of light voltage.
It's not so difficult to produce silicon-type n. The size of the silicon is the second stage of the contract, which is supplemented by a profit forecast and investment rating: we maintain the company's net return profit for 2022-2024.
I've got a securities investment advisory committee with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.