Mid-2022: Performance forecast is too advanced and long-crystal equipment taps continue to benefit from downstream expansion.
▪ Benefiting from the downstream highs, company performance is over-expected: crystals are expected to return to their mother, silicon players are expected to grow, and crystals are expected to benefit fully: (1) In the short term, while silicon prices are still high, silicon mills have been growing since 2022, for example, high viewing.
50gw crystals, coronary expansion of 35gw single crystal silicon, on-board expansion of 40gw, long silicon silicon silica silica silica silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
The inch silicon is in the mainstream, the old capacity is phased out, and the need for equipment replacement is considerable. (3) Over time, the n-type is a future trend, and the current formation of battery components is a n-moderated development that requires the upstream n silicon production capacity, which requires the push of the single-crystal equipment operator.
With a high market share for single-crystal furnaces based on technological advantage, we expect the city to have about 90 per cent (except for Lungiking) of its single-crystal value and stability, semiconductor monocrystal technology, which is not so difficult to store and cut into the production capacity of the photovoltted N silicon, and which is expected to benefit fully from silicon.
And the role of single-crystal furnaces in precipitation was mainly in large-scale production, and in the future, the technology of single-crystal furnaces has the tendency to increase the pureness of silicons and increase the efficiency of cellular conversions, in a larger direction, towards higher life expectancy and lower oxygen content.
Transistor Power (300316): 160,000 large per year materials plus equipment for two-wheel drive to build platform companies: (1) semiconductor equipment: company emphasis: second phase of production contract, supplemented
The Director-General's Crystal Chain (single-crystal, polisher) and Seal Chain (Lighting Equipment), 2022 crystals at [Aggregation]. Newly signed orders for the semiconductor equipment and its services breaching 3 billion yuan (including taxes). 2022h1 plus
Quick semiconductor equipment validation and roll-out, with a faster increase in the order volume. (2) Quartz: crystals have already achieved a part of the national production of the important raw material, Qingxia, May 2022.
One hundred and sixty thousand quartz per year, measured at $6,500 per quartz, corresponds to the sum of $1.040 billion for the second phase of production; if 160,000 were to be fully productive, it would raise the amount of $1.040 billion for the company on the market.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Photovoltaic equipment is the first curve of crystals, with a second curve of half. Crystals Power (300316): 2021 report of large silicon devices, and a third curve of sapphire and carbonated silicon materials.
& 1st Quarterly Review, 2022: Under the scale effect, Triple Financial Forecasts for Crystal Gesture and Power, East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory board.