The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Enterprise Services (CITE) has sufficient hand orders and semiconductor equipment orders to accelerate.
On August 27, 2022, the company published its semi-annual report, which enabled it to earn 4.4 billion yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 91% in the same year, a net profit of 1.2 billion yuan in the mother, an increase of 101% in the same year. The single q2 quarter, which generated 2.42 billion yuan, continued to increase profitability, doubled the number of orders in hand, and launched a new round of employee holding plans.
On June 30th of the year, the company ordered $23 billion, an increase of 101%. The semiconductor ordered $2.2 billion, an increase of 242%. 3) The Stakeholder Plan is intended to cover no more than 241 core managers and technical, operational and managerial staff, with no more than 1.75 million shares (as a proportion of total equity).
In the first half of the year, we measured the company’s new order of more than $7 billion. Global demand for clean energy has been rising, and the world’s major developed countries have turned up light-voltage machines.
Target, companies sign an order with the Indian energy giant for the purchase of 2gw equipment, and enable companies to further expand international markets. The company is about to launch a fifth generation of monocrystals, with a system model that will be developed from a closed ad hoc approach to help their customers compete differently.
2) In 2022, the company ' s goal of achieving semiconductor equipment and services was newly signed in excess of 3 billion yuan (including taxes), and the company ' s products have achieved almost full coverage of 8 inches of equipment in crystal growth, slices, polish, cvd, etc., and bulk sales of equipment such as 12 inches of crystal, slices, grinding, polish, etc.
3) Material end spread well, with the corporate materials sector earning 550 million yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 233 per cent over the same period.Silicon Carbon has succeeded in growing the industry's leading 8-inch crystals and building 6-inch carbonization, full of pon.
R & D experimental lines for silicon crystal growth, slices, polishing, experimental line products validated by downstream segments of customers manzp@gjzq.com.cn households; companies actively promote sapphire expansion, fast-tracking of sapphire and other support materials, such as stone platinum, diamonds, etc.
Market layout, upgrading the capacity of industrial chain support services. Downstream photovoltaic silicon silicon expansion is below expectations, and semiconductor equipment is not producing as much as expected.