The two-line development of "photovoltaic + semiconductor" with a bright eye in the long-crystal equipment tap.
In 2022, H1 achieved operating income of $4.370 billion, representing an increase of 91.02 per cent over the same period, with major increases related to the recognition of income; and a net return profit of $1,207 million, representing an increase of $40.00 per cent over the same period, representing an increase of 3.46 pct, with the Māori rate for equipment and services operations per operation.
42.49% higher than the previous ratio of 4.07pct and sapphire materials is 27.42% higher than the same rate. The significant increase in the Māori ratio represents a greater competitiveness of the company ' s product market and a gradual increase in profitability, which is conducive to the company ' s future long-term development; the net interest rate is 28.40% higher than the same increase.
In terms of the percentage of operations, the ratio of equipment and services received by 2022h1 was 82.13 per cent, or 2.70 pct less, and the ratio of sapphire materials to 12.60 per cent, or 5.43 pct more.
The rapid release of gemstone materials, thanks to the international mastery of super-sized sapphire crystals growing technology, has achieved a scale and cost advantage in the process of industrialization. The revenue-related government subsidies have increased significantly.
Moo Yunfang, the single-crystal silicon growth furnace technology has broken again and continued to develop and consolidate the company's leading position.
On August 26, 2022, the company's fifth generation of new monocrystal furnaces, unlike the first four generations, changed the traditional model of containment control systems based on an open-structured user-programmable software definition.
The user can customize the various aspects of crystal growth crystallization and hot-spot rotation according to its own needs, which greatly facilitates technologically differentiated competition in the production process.
The cost of H1 R & D amounted to $274 million a year, an increase of 85.45 per cent over the previous year, and continued technology research and development has enabled Xin Xin Air Securities Ltd. to achieve the core competitiveness of the company ' s products, which is conducive to increasing the recognition of downstream customers.
An order of $20,840 million (cargo equipment), an increase of 92.86 per cent over the previous year, includes $6,083 million for single crystal furnaces signed in 21 years with Ningxia Central Ring, an order of $4 billion for new equipment (crystal growth equipment and smart processing equipment) signed in the first quarter of 22 years, and an order of 2gw monocrystals and processed products signed with Indian manufacturer adani in August 2222. Full hand orders and continuous technological breakthroughs provide firm future performance for companies.
But the self-sufficiency of semi-conductor equipment is still very low, according to China.
According to the National Association of Electronic Specialized Equipment Industries, the sale of semiconductor equipment in 2020 was only $21.3 billion, with a self-sufficiency rate of about 17.5 per cent, and if only integrated circuit equipment was considered, the domestic self-sufficiency rate was only about 5 per cent, and only 1-2 per cent in the global market. The vast national alternative space created a huge space for the development of domestic semiconductor equipment manufacturers. The company, based on 8 inches of semiconductor silicon equipment, made every effort to develop the current market’s mainstream.
12 inches of semiconductor silicone equipment, which has been largely developed and marketed for 6-8 inches of semiconductor silicone whole-line equipment; and 12 inches of crystal roller grinder, cutter, double-face grinder, edge polisher, double-face polisher, final polisher, etc., have been successfully developed and the product quality has reached domestic leadership levels.
At the core of the technology, the company completed the development of the “300 mm silicon monocrystal growth equipment” project, the “Destination of 8-inch molten silicon monocrysil furnaces” project, which filled the technological gap in the country. For downstream customers, the company, 2022h1, had an uncompleted semiconductor equipment order. In May of that year, the company publicly raised $1,420 million for the 12-inch integrated circuit large silicone device test project and 80 sets of semiconductors per year.
During the 8-inch period of the third generation of semiconductor sic research and development, the capture of future autonomous high-points, according to the company public, the company successfully developed a 8-inch n-sic crystal in August 2022 through a multi-wheel extension of its own seed crystals.
China Electronics reports that in April 2022, the world’s largest carbonated silicon supplier, Wolffspeed, established its first 8 inches of carbonated silicon production line, representing a formal transition from a 6-inch crystal circle to an 8-inch crystal circle in the carbonated silicon industry.
The company’s core breakthrough on 8-inch carbonated silicon would facilitate the company’s capture of technological heights in the future carbonated silicon industry, the achievement of 8-inch crystal round, the downside of macroeconomics, the decline in market demand, the volatility of raw material prices, the risk of policy change in the photovoltaic sector, etc.
To explore the direction of the development of strategic and emerging industries, to provide comprehensive services to the first tier of the market, to expand the depth and breadth of the integration, and to create value for the market. It will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in the present report. This report is not intended to cause China Securities Limited and its associated companies to violate local laws or regulations or to cause the exposure of Chinese securities to Chinese securities for any purpose or for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using the present report.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are only provided to you for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to others.