China Sea Oil (600938); China Sea Oil Company ' s performance in the first half of 2023 met expectations in the first half of the year. China Sea Oil publishes its semi-annual report, and the company realizes that it's in the first half of the year.
Operating income of $192.06 billion, a decrease of 5.1% from the previous year, was mainly affected by the rise in oil and gas sales and trade and the decline in oil prices on the international market; the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies were $63.76 billion.
The value of crude oil fell by 11.3 per cent over the same period, while the spot price of the brent crude oil fell by 33.7 per cent. While corporate performance was affected by the decline in the prices of conventional oil and gas operations, shale oil and gas operations, oil and sand operations and crude oil, it was much less than the decline in crude oil prices.
The board of directors has decided to allocate HK$0.59 (including taxes) in the medium term of 2023 for exploration, exploitation and production of products such as crude oil and natural gas.
In the first half of the year, net oil and gas production reached a new high in the same period. In January-June 2023, net oil and gas production by companies was mainly in China, Canada, the United Kingdom, Nigeria, and China.
331.8 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 8.9 per cent over the same period, can be seen from different regions: increased production in oilfields such as 15-1 and 231.2 million barrels of oil equivalent in the first half of the year as a result of windfall 6-1 and land-based markets such as Indonesia and Brazil.
At the same time, net offshore oil and gas production amounted to 100.7 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 14.4 per cent over the same period, mainly thanks to production contributions from the Liza II oilfield in Guyana and the Buzios oil fields in Brazil.
By category: 78 per cent of oil liquid and 22 per cent of natural gas production by companies. Oil production was the same as 10.9 per cent, mainly due to the contribution of 3m gas fields in South-East Asia and the increase in non-conventional gas production on land in China. The main cost of barrel oil was reduced and the competitive advantage of the cost was sustained.
The main cost was $28.17, a 7.1 per cent decrease over the same period, of which the cost of barrel oil operations was $7.16 per barrel oil equivalent, down 8 per cent from $7.77 per barrel oil equivalent in the same period last year; depreciation, depletion and amortization of barrel oil (excluding oil field demolition costs) was $14.14 per barrel oil equivalent, compared to $14.52 per barrel oil equivalent in the same period last year
The equivalent is almost even; barrel oil sales and management costs are $2.19/barrel equivalents, 5 new discoveries and 14 successful evaluations of oil- and gas-containing structures over the same period last year. Of these, new discoveries of 10-6 tons and flattened 18-1 geological reserves are more than 20 million tons, showing exploration in the depths of the Pearl River basin.
Potential; successful evaluation of the 27-3 large and medium-sized hydrocarbon structure of the island of Qin, discovering that the geological reserves exceed 50 million tons, and expanding the area of exploration for rocky deposits on a shallow scale in the sea. Overseas, deep-seated exploration at the middle of the Guyanese Stabroek block has been positive and confirmed by a new discovery, Lancetfish, fangtooth-1dst test.
In the first half of the year, Brazil’s Buzios 5 project was on schedule, seven new projects, such as the 19-6 condensed gas field period, were being installed, and construction of other new projects was progressing steadily.
(1) Risks from changes in international political and economic factors: (2) Volatility of crude oil and gas prices: (3) Risks from exchange rate fluctuations and exchange controls: (4) Forward judgement of hydrocarbon prices and sources of financial prosperity in the East
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
Cao Cao Fong Bachelor of Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, University of Kwandan, Master of Financial Mathematics, six years of experience in investment studies, 2015-2018, Director of the Open Securities Development Research Assistant
Mowenguan Research Assistant, Doctor, Visiting Scholar, Cornell University, United States of America, 2019-2020, for biomass energy. In 2022, Etung Qing securities were added covering research in the fields of energy extraction and transformation, non-ferrous metals, carbon neutrals and others.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.