Oil price volatility, resource growth and China ' s sea oil (600938.sh) on 18 August 2023
China Ocean Oil (0883.hk) incident: On the evening of 17 August 2023, China Sea Oil released its mid-term performance report for 2023.
\triangleright’s output growth is higher than the annual target, mainly from overseas incremental contributions, with net oil and gas production amounting to 167.9 million barrels of oil equivalent, i.e. +9.17 per cent, ring ratio + 2.44 per cent, of which offshore oil
Gas production amounted to 52.1 million barrels of oil equivalent, corresponding to +12.53 per cent, and ring to +7.20 per cent, mainly thanks to China Sea Oil (600938.sh): high oil prices + low valuation + Guyana Liza II and Brazil Buzios oilfields.
High dividends continue to materialize, and China Sea oil rises historic opportunities. Brent oil prices averaged $77.73 per barrel, and companies achieved an average oil price of $72.99 per barrel, compared to Brent crude oil at $4.74 per barrel, compared to nearly $8 per barrel at $20231.
China Sea Oil (600938.sh): China Sea Oil estimates are narrow, and we think it might be possible to consider a link between the company’s sales of oil prices in the South American region, wti, whereas Brent-wti’s price difference is on average 1.83 dollars per barrel below 2023q2.
" 2201 Prospective + Special Distribution for 21 years, High Oil Prices + Gains and Decline of Special Oil Gains, Company Realization of Mother ' s Net Profit Rings Only Decline " High Oil Price + Low Cost + Extended Production, Renovation of Auxiliary Valuations "
1.45 per cent, significantly less than the 5.33 per cent decrease in Brent's oil price ring. " 20203 performance is projected to increase, with a strong view of the offshore oil and gas taps. " The cost of barrel oil maintains a significant advantage. 2023h1, the company cost of barrel oil is $28.17 per barrel.
\triangleright over $2.15/bbl, mainly tax and surcharged fall in oil prices and production.
Growth and exchange rate changes result in lower operating costs. Compared to 2023q1, we can infer that the cost of 202,302 barrels of oil was lower, but the cost of the barrel operations was higher, and the suit, High-dimensioned and high-quality taps, and the value of the repair space was highlighted.
The rise in the price of the services of the garments as a result of the upswing may be an important component; the depreciation of the barrel oil is amortized and the cost ring is reduced, with the potential for continuous release of the high-quality blocks and exchange rate effects.
Capital expenditure has increased over the same period, enabling companies to save up their production plans. 202,022, companies realize capital The completion of capital expenditure on the three-point plan at the lower limits of 54.44 per cent, 60.17 per cent, and Sinda Securities Inc., respectively.
Exploration and exploitation continued to advance, and companies grew up. 20202, Brazil Buzios 5 project was launched, \triangleright cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
In addition, in the China Sea, the company obtained a number of new oil and gas discoveries, ranging from 10-6 to 18-1 in Beijing City West Side Street to 27-3 in Qin Island.
On land in China, the company promoted the evaluation of deep-coalbed gas exploration in an efficient manner, raising the potential for resource mobilization. Overseas, there was positive progress in the exploration of the stabroek block in Guyana, which was rediscovered at the mid-level. The company expects nine new projects to come into operation in 2023 with high interests.
Total peak production can reach 164,000 barrels of oil equivalents per day, of which Guyana and the domestic sea are in the installation phase with a combined peak yield of 112,000 barrels per day and a peak interest in the construction phase.
Under the impetus of the Action Plan, China Sea oil will continue to grow steadily in oil and gas production, and corporate profits will have some scope for growth. High dividends + low valuations and high-quality investment values.
\triangleright shows greater profitability, weaker volatility, and better asset quality than any other oil company in the course of the oil price cycle. We think the company values 2022-2024a shares.
The price of crude oil fluctuates between $70 and $80 per barrel in July 2023, and the price of crude oil in the period between the supply and demand of the market is increasing.
Saudi Arabia has implemented an additional 1 million barrels/day production reduction, which has exacerbated the tension in the supply of crude oil, while the consumption of finished oil, especially United States gasoline, has reached a full season, the Fed has raised interest rates or near the end, and the price of oil has recovered steadily. We believe that the high oil prices of this round are essentially productive and past capital.
This is the result of a sharp drop in spending. With sustained growth in demand, supply-side tensions cannot be effectively eased if capital spending continues to be relatively low, and oil prices cannot fall from high levels.
Let's hope that the cost of shale oil drums in the United States and the strategic reserves at the level of about $70/bail oil prices are raised, and that the reservoirs are expected to be effective in subsiding oil prices. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we forecast the company's net profits for 2023-2025, respectively
\triangleright prices 6.73, 6.56 and 6.14 times, respectively, h shares are at the bottom of the score and are clearly below industry levels and enjoy high dividends, and we maintain our interest to the company.
a “buy-in” rating for shares and h shares. Risk factors: recurring epidemics, economic fluctuations and downside risk for oil prices; not increasing production speed for companies \triangleright
Xing Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consulting (Investment) Engineer, Deputy Managing Director, Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, China Geology and Mineral Economy Society
Member of the Board of Experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association's Commission on Coal Prices and former Deputy Director of the Advisory Division of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired) for more than a decade, engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and conducted research and research on the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey Development, revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advice on hundreds of topics, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016.
Liu Hongqing, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Scientific Society for the Environment of China ' s Scientific Society ' s Scientific Society ' s Scientific and Technical Committee on Carbon Sino-Carbon. He was an expert and assistant director of China ' s Institute of petrochemical Economics and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China ' s Energy Outlook 2060 book;
In March 2023, they joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the field of large energy and is responsible for research in the petrochemical sector.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical sector. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in petrochemicals.
He was a doctor in mining at the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and a senior engineer, former Minister of Investment and Operations of the Second Sub-Society of the China Coal Industry Group. He worked for many years in coal mining, in technology management for coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations. He joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 and worked in the coal industry.
Lee-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre for coal, coal mine intelligence, Australasia National University, Master of Finance, Southwest University of Finance, Bachelor of Finance, July 2022, Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre for coal, Wu Bering, and Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for energy and energy conservation and environmental conservation, July 2022.
Liu Po, a major management student at the Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal sector, and in July 2022 he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for research on large energy sectors such as coal, electricity and natural gas.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, has been involved in electricity market reform, virtual power plant applications, etc. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity industry studies. Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Science, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Research in the natural gas and electricity sectors. The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.