2022: significant increases in non-net interest rates, multi-product line push to open up growth space Keyword: #import Substitute
Events: Company ' s 2022 performance report was released. icp fast-disbursing equipment, high-speed revenue-side growth, $4.740 billion in 2022, +52.50 per cent of the year ' s revenue, of which q4 achieved revenue.
At 1.697 billion yuan, compared to +63.88 per cent, it continues to grow at a high rate. Sub-operations: 1) Erosion equipment: The company ' s ccp etching equipment market is increasing, with multiple bulk sales on the most advanced 5 nanochips production line in the world and on the next generation ' s more advanced production line.
At the same time, the rapid release of company icp equipment has already produced more than 100 icp etchings on more than 20 customers, including logical, dram and 3dnand, and continues to expand to more corrosion applications. 2022q1-q3 company ccp and icp set up
Equipment: The company is a global leader on the blue green light-led production line, with robust growth. Newly signed unilaterally, in 2022, the company signed a new order of $6.32 billion, compared to +53.0% in hand.
In 2022, the company achieved a net return profit of 1.170 billion yuan, falling into the upper zone of the performance forecast, and we judged that this aspect benefited from improved product structure and an increase in the Māori rate; on the other hand, we benefited from regulations.
China Micro Corporation (688012): The rate of cost fell during the 2022 industry modelling effect. The net interest rate for corporate return declined in 2022, mainly as a result of the performance forecast: the level of non-profit deductions was very high.
Gains on fair value changes and disposals arising from investments decreased by approximately $342 million on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of sub-equity investments in 2021, yielding a larger fair value change gain and a relative quarterly rating in 2022: high rates of loss of non-net profits
• Actively and continuously promoting new products, building new bases to open up the space for growth Long, signing a new bill to ensure the future, while consolidating the competitive advantage of existing products, actively promoting new products and opening the market
Field space. 1ccp device: Actively working with mainstream clients to define the main functional and technical indicators of the next generation of ccp carving machines and to continuously increase city occupancy. 2icp device: primonovaicp etching products have been certified on more than 100 icp etching processes on more than 15 customer production lines.
The process covers 3dnand, dram, and logical chips, and continues to obtain internationally advanced 3dnand customer batch orders.
evidencing equipment: Based on metal tungsten cvd equipment, the company is further developing cvd and ald to achieve a higher depth-wide ratio and smaller critical-sized structural filling, while extending equipment (epi) development is progressing well and is in the stages of fabrication and debugging.
The fourth largest equipment market, optically tested equipment, is expected to enter the national production replacement acceleration period as the leading national production rate is lowest. In terms of capacity, in 2021, the company launched successive construction projects, such as Nanchang, Hong Kong Industrial Base, Hong Kong Research and Development and Headquarters, which will be released as production capacity accelerates.
High growth rates in the medium to long term lay the foundation. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we maintain business income projections for 2022-2024, based on high company growth, and “buy-in” ratings.
Three major financial forecasts for Sino-Mino Corporation, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has an investment advisory committee on securities.