2022: High growth of new orders, production, Yellow Swe Company Keyword: #import Substitute
Events: 1 company issued a performance forecast for 2022. 2 companies issued a draft equity incentive.  Income at the end of 2022 grew rapidly and new orders continued to rise at $4.740 billion in 2022, compared to +52.50 per cent, of which o4 achieved revenue.
Corporate corrosion equipment has been growing in both domestic and foreign markets, and has been sold in bulk on the most advanced 5nm chip production line in the world and on the more advanced production line of the next generation. In 2022, corrosion equipment generated 3,147 million yuan, an increase of 57.07% over the same period.
The top position remained stable, with a total of 475 ccp etching cavities produced and delivered in 2022, an increase of 59.40 per cent over the same year, and the rapid release of icp devices, with 297 cavities installed at the client end of 2022. 2) mocvd equipment: revenue realized in 2022
700 million yuan, an increase of 39.05 per cent over the same year, and mocvd equipment, in the industrialization of the new generation of Mini-Led, was an absolute leader on the blue green lightled production line. By the end of 2022, there were ample public orders.
The increase in the Māori rate is driven by the effects of scale, with a marked increase in net interest rates after deduction. The net profit from non-mortality is $919 million, an increase of 183.44 per cent. The real profit level rose significantly in 2022.1 At the end of Māori, in 2022 the Māori sales rate was 45.74 per cent.
+2.38 pct, with semiconductor equipment at 47.00 per cent, an increase of 2.38 pct over the previous year, and quick performance rating: significant deduction of non-net interest rates of $437 million, including: 1) equal return on government subsidies recorded for non-recurring gains and losses in 2022
and the performance of the company’s middle-core international holdings: significant deductions of non-profit levels – the draft equity incentive in 2023 is on the ground for the medium- and long-term development of the company.
The company issues a draft equity incentive to award 5.5 million stock limits to a total of 1390 persons, representing about 616 million shares of the company's stock at the time of the announcement of the draft incentive plan.
1 The incentive scheme covers 99.43% of the total number of employees of the company, which can be evaluated once for four fiscal years.
Rate (x) to determine the ratio of corporate-level attribution for each year ' s performance appraisal targets, while setting individual-level performance appraisal requirements, with sound scientific and rational indicators. ▪ Active and sustained development of new products, and new base building opening up room for growth
While consolidating the competitive advantages of existing products, companies actively promote new product development and open up the market space. 1ccp Device: Actively working with mainstream clients to define the main functions and technical indicators of the next generation of ccp carving machines, continuously increasing city occupancy and developing very deep corrosion autonomously.
Machines. 2icp equipment: Primonanovačp etching products have been certified on more than 20 customer production lines for more than 100 icp etching processes covering 3dnand, dram and twig chips and continuously obtaining internationally advanced 3dnand customer batch orders. 3mocvd devices:
Active layout of third-generation semiconductor equipment, preparation of mocvd for the development of gan power unit volume applications, delivered to leading domestic and international clients for production certification. 4 membrane sedimentation equipment: metal tungsten cvd equipment, the company is further developing cvd and ald to achieve a higher depth ratio and less critical
In terms of capacity, in 2021, the company launched successive construction projects, such as Nanchang, Hong Kong Industrial Base, Hong Kong Research and Development and Headquarters, to lay the foundation for the company’s medium- and long-term growth as capacity is released.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board