Carbit crystal circle manufactures critical equipment, with a new stand-alone increase of 52.50 per cent over the same period; net profit area returns of $1,170 million over the same period; average annual operating income of 10 years has remained above the growth rate of 35 per cent, with camp achieved in 2022.
Industry revenues of $4.740 billion, an increase of 52.50 per cent over the previous year, are at an all-time high, leading to a sustained increase in the proportion of key equipment in the form of parent withholdings and cards. The company’s main product is plasma etching, which is the core equipment in crystal circle manufacture. By the end of 2022, the company had 3311 items, etc.
Ion etching and chemical film reaction stations, with 106 production lines in the country, Asia, and Europe, achieve full production and large-scale repeat sales. The company’s ccp capacitation of high-energy plasma etching equipment has been increasing in the market, with a cumulative total of 2,320 stations qualifying for production lines.
Operation. The highest/minimum price in 52 weeks on the state-of-the-art 5 nanochip production line and on the next generation's more advanced production line has achieved multiple bulk sales, and more than 200 reaction stations have been operating properly on the line.
The icp low-energy plasma etching machine has been performing more than 100 icp etching processes on more than 20 customers, including logic, dram and 3dnand.
Production, growth is strong. 8 inches and 12 inches of deep silicon etching are also applied to irp technology. Equipment continues to receive bulk duplicate orders at etching sites such as advanced system encapsulation, 2.5-dimensional encapsulation and micromechanical system chip production lines.
The company's development of extension equipment for nitride and silicon carbide power devices, as well as the production of mocvd-specific equipment for mcro-led, will continue to move to the market. The company's development of new products is progressing significantly.
These include very high depth-wide corrosion equipment, lpcvd film preparation, epi extension equipment, and various mocvd devices for more advanced microware programming, which are about to contribute to the company’s sales of revenues. In addition, the company has formed a team layout of film equipment and is using the investment of optical detection equipment in the layout.
Downstream capital expenditures have fallen short of expectations, domestic substitution has not progressed as expected, and trade frictions have intensified. Data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek to be independent, objective, fair, and the findings of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.