Performance forecast for 2022: significant non-profit level deductions
Events: Corporate performance forecast for 2022: accelerated delivery of corrosion equipment, slightly over-marketed revenue expectations for 2022 Equipment: growing corporate capacity in domestic and foreign markets, the most advanced 5 nm internationally
The structure of the product shows that, while the company is firmly positioned as the ccp plant leader, the icp equipment is rapidly released. The 2022q1-q3 company ccp and the icp equipment earn 14.51 million yuan, respectively.
2) Mocvd equipment: The company is a global leader on the blue green light led production line, and it achieves, and as orders are delivered, we judge that the company’s revenue is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in 2023.
Using the median performance forecast as a benchmark, the net interest rate on corporate homecoming and net non-motherhood increases significantly in 2022. We judge that this has benefited from an improved product structure and an increase in the Māori rate; on the other hand, from a fall in cost during the period under the scale effect. In 2022, the net interest rate on corporate homecoming declined.
Quarterly review: high rate of non-net profit deductions due to fair value change gains and disposal gains from equity investments reduced by approximately $352 million on a year-on-year basis, performance rating: icp etching equipment fast
• Actively and continuously promoting new products, building new bases to open up the space for growth The company, while consolidating the competitive advantage of existing products, actively promoting new products, opening up markets and achieving a significant improvement in performance
Field space. 1ccp device: Actively working with mainstream clients to define the main functional and technical indicators of the next generation of ccp carving machines and to continuously increase city occupancy. 2icp device: primonovaicp etching products have been certified on more than 100 icp etching processes on more than 15 customer production lines.
The process covers 3dnand, dram, and logical chips, and continues to obtain internationally advanced 3dnand customer batch orders.
4 Deposition equipment: Based on metal tungsten cvd equipment, the company is further developing cvd and ald to achieve a higher depth width ratio and smaller critical size structure filling, while the extension equipment (epi) development is progressing well and is in the stages of stowing and debugging. In terms of capacity, the company company was connected in 2021.
Reactivating construction projects such as Nanchang, Hong Kong Industrial Base, Hong Kong Research and Development and Headquarters, as production capacity accelerates, laying the foundation for high growth rates in the medium to long term.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: given the speed with which corporate orders are delivered, we are full of orders in hand.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board