• Greater competitiveness in the field of blood products — In-depth reports of albath organisms (600161.sh)
The company’s controlling shareholders reassemble their assets in order to solve competition among their internal counterparts, reconfigure the planetary organisms (600161.sh), strip away the company’s original vaccine business and focus on blood products, which is the only platform for blood products operating under the Chinese biological flag.
After restructuring, taking into account the contribution of Shanghai blood, Wuhan blood, and Lanzhou blood, the company's slurry volume, number of slurry stations, type of products, and ability to sell are ahead of other businesses in the industry. The blood industry is a resource-type industry.
In industry, the scale of income is heavily dependent on raw materials - human plasma; profitability is heavily dependent on the type of product that can be produced; and, in the context of the relative depth of 300 organisms in the sky, the ability to sell is also an important indicator for assessing enterprises. As a result, the competitiveness of the company's blood products business has been greatly raised.
In 2017, the company issued the first batch of blood proteins and the second batch of the same industry; the second batch of hepatitis B, the fourth batch of tetanus, the first of the industry, and the rabies, the second of which was issued without a permit: the condensation factor product, only fibre eggs.
The white and cavity compound was issued in batches, but it was relatively small, although it had a production certificate for the cavity factor viii, but it was not issued in 2017. After reorganization, the company was able to increase the production and sale of immunoglobin and cavity-type products through in-house coordination, relying on marketing advantages.
In order to increase the use of plasma, companies are constantly developing new products. Stereoprote is in the process of preparing for clinical trials, the human immunoglobin is in the course of clinical trials using the cytocellular process, and the recombinant human condensation factor viii has been clinically released, and none of these products is currently produced in the country and is expected to be the first to be promoted in the country.
Catalysts for share prices: new approvals for slurry stations and new developments in product research and development.Suda Securities Inc. • Risk factors: policy risks in the blood products industry; downside risks in product prices; less than expected progress in product research and development; new slurry
Cindasecuritiesco.ltd is not as expected; industry incident risks; internal coordination is not as predictable.
In order to solve the internal competition, Chinese biology, which is the controlling shareholder of the company, re-assessed the company's original vaccine business, focused on blood products, became the sole platform for blood products operations under the Chinese biological flag of the controlling shareholder, and injected other assets from the blood industry under the Chinese biological flag for the purpose of entering into the stock market at a price.
At present, the company is operating as a blood industry based on healthy human plasma, immunised human plasma as a raw material, and using genetic technology to develop and produce blood products. Researching and producing blood products, including proteins, immunoglobins, cretins, and protein inhibitors, are among the products. After restructuring, the company owns 69.47% of the capital stock, while Shanghai, Wuhan and Land hold 11.266%, 12.638%, 6.626%, respectively.
Right: Shanghai blood system, Wuhan blood system, Lanzhou blood system became a fully-owned subsidiary of the subsidiary Chengduyu (Shanghai/Wuhan/Lan County blood system is the Shanghai/Wuhan/Lanzhou blood industry platform). The shareholders in the company’s holdings remain Chinese creatures, the actual owners remain the National Pharmaceutical Group, and there has been no change before or after the reorganization.
After restructuring, the company will own the original blood products of the states of Sino-Thai, Shanghai, Wuhan and Lang.
Assets, in terms of raw materials, plasma utilization, distribution channels, etc., are among the leading companies in the same industry, with significant improvements in the competitiveness of blood products. From the raw materials, the company is ranked first in the industry. To date, the company has 47 single plasma stations and 8 slurry stations (including substations) under construction, and the network of slurry stations has been expanded to 13 provinces.
In 2017, the slurry was higher than 1,400 tons, the highest in the blood industry. As a result of the company’s low market for high-profit celebratory factor products, the ton slurry income was lower than that of the Huallan and Shanghai cuisines, and although the company had the highest slurry volume in 2017, the blood product business earned less than that of the Huallan and Shanghai Leis.
In the case of causative sub-products, the sales are expected to increase. Because of the heavy dependence of blood products on raw materials for the scale of their income, the company's blood products are expected to rise to the top of the industry in terms of the type of product.
Prior to the reorganization, the company had 10 blood products, 21 specifications, different products than the Chinese and Shanghai cuisine; the Shanghai blood system, the Lanzhou blood system, and the Wuhan blood system assets were put on the market, raising the company's blood product to 12 varieties, above the Wayland creature, and at the same time ranking as Shanghai Laith, where the blood product industry was the leading industry. The more diverse and profitable the components are removed from the raw materials plasma.
After restructuring, the company, through its internal integration (group transfers, plasma transfers), is expected to further increase its blood-powder ton and maori rates, and its blood-powder utilization rates are expected to increase further. As the supply and demand gap for blood products is narrowing, the company’s competitiveness is largely based on plasma utilization.
According to the distribution channels, the industry that relies on shareholders to take the lead in the production of blood products is highly regulated by the State because they are part of the national strategic resources, the production of raw materials and products is subject to strict State regulation, there is a wide gap in the supply of and demand for products on the market, and the cost of selling them is much lower than that of generic pharmaceutical companies, with very high rates of product delivery and fewer stocks. In 2017, most of the blood products were sold under double-ticket shocks.
In the case of sales channels, companies have an exceptional advantage over other blood products. On the one hand, the company’s controlling shareholder, Chinese biology, was first subordinated to the Ministry of Health.
The Beijing, Changchun, Chengdu, Lanzhou, Shanghai and Wuhan bioproducts research and development complex, one of the largest and most comprehensive biopharmaceutical enterprise groups in the country, which combines scientific research, production and marketing, largely covers the main focus terminals in the provinces and municipalities, except in Hong Kong and Macao, and now covers nearly 500 level III hospitals, nearly 1,000 below level III hospitals and other terminals, with a leading number; it is expected that nearly 600 level III hospitals will be covered in the future.
Nearly 2,000 hospitals and other terminals, with integrated marketing resources, provide a wider market space for company products. On the other hand, the Department of Public Administration effectively controls the pharmaceutical group of the People’s Republic of China, which is the largest, most integrated and powerful pharmaceutical and health industry group in China, managed directly by the State Treasury Committee of the State Council;
Medical marketing channels, shared through channels, lead companies’ blood products in sales far ahead of other blood companies. From sales rates, Boya biology, Bodang innovation, st biochemistry, Wallan biology, and Shanghai Lace were all higher in 2017 than in 2016, with only companies and luminous organisms increasing at a smaller rate than in 2016; from stock turnover, almost all blood companies were slightly lower in 2017 than in 2016 and one in 2018.
After restructuring, taking into account the contribution of Shanghai blood, Wuhan blood, and Lanzhou blood systems, companies are ahead of other businesses in the same industry in terms of slurry, the number of slurry stations, the type of products and the ability to sell them. The blood industry is a resource-type industry, with income levels heavily dependent on raw materials-human plasma; profitability is heavily dependent on the types of products that can be produced; and in two votes, it is a two-vote system.
In this context, marketing capacity is also an important indicator for assessing firms. As a result, the company’s blood industry has become much more competitive.
In 2017, the blood industry changed considerably, with imports accounting for 58.2 per cent of the blood protein ratio, resulting in lower than expected sales of protein by domestic firms and a slight drop in product prices. Taking into account the contribution of Shanghai blood system, Wuhan blood system, Lanzhou blood system, and Guizhou China-Thai, the company accounted for 18.77 per cent of the country ' s total blood-teprotein wholesale issuance in 2017, and ranked first in the industry: second, Chinese biological products (including Guizhou-Taibang, Shandong-Taibang, Xi'an Quetian), which accounted for 15.94 per cent of the country ' s total issuance;
The other two leading markets, Shanghai Laith (which includes compatriots, Zhengzhou Les, and Zhekang Haikang) and Hualang, each account for 14.37% and 14.05% of the country’s total releases of protein. The country’s human blood protein production process is more mature, further increasing human blood protein production by process is very limited, and future growth depends mainly on the growth of raw materials.
After grouping, without taking into account the future of the market, companies probably keep their annual slurry volumes ahead of other domestic blood products, while human haemoglobin markets are also well ahead of their counterparts. Figure 11: Domestic haemoglobin markets in 2017 (converted to 10 g/bot)
After the reorganization, the company issued and also led the industry, the domestic blood market, which is second only to human blood protein, is now in a state of supply and demand. After the donation of a collection of medals that were incorporated into the Shanghai blood system, the Lanzhou blood system, and the Wuhan blood system, the company issued a total of about 2.1 million bottles of static (converted to 2.5g/bottle) in 2017, representing 19.99% of the total issued volume; and the second was Chinese biological product, China.
After restructuring, company slurry is far ahead of other companies, and companies are expected to keep their slurry in place for the next few years.
In 2017, there were only eight batch-issued producers of hepatitis B, six fewer than in 2011. The company’s subsidiary, Chengdu Ling B, grew by 9.61% a year. According to the distribution data for the last three years, the largest number of domestic batches was Sichuan Shunyang, accounting for 26.30% of the country’s total issuance in 2017; followed by Chinese and Shanghai cuisine (collusive organisms).
According to the release data for 2017, only Chengdu was issued in batches within the company system, while Shanghai, Lanzhou, and Wuhan, although qualified for special exemption from hepatitis B, did not issue the product in batches. After the reorganization, the amount of blood plasma available to the company increased significantly, with a significant increase in the production of hepatogram B exemptions through the transfer of plasma or sub-allocation, and the future market share of the company is expected to increase further.
In 2016, the total domestic batch of tetanus immunoprotein increased by 40.86% compared to 2015, and declined to 9.24% in 2017, and the city field increase slowed from batch data. According to the 2017 batch, the largest domestic market for tetanus immunoprotein was for Chinese organisms, followed by Chinese biological products.
In 2016, the sum of 5454 million bottles was issued, an increase of 58.96%, or 12.64% of the total; Wuhan issued less, representing only 2.96% of the total, or 15.6%, and ranked third in the industry. As Shanghai blood system does not have a batch for tetanus immunoglobin production, it was possible, after reorganization, to transfer blood collected in Shanghai to other producing enterprises to increase production at a significant rate in the future.
In 2017, none of the company ' s blood-producing companies issued rabies immunoglobin; in the last three years, only the Wuhan blood-based batch issued the product. According to the 2017 batch, the largest batch was the first biochemistry (Cuangdong double forest), followed by Chinese biological products (including Shandong and Guizhou) and Sichuan Xiaoyang.
A total of 1,333,000 bottles of coagulation viii (converted to 200 u/bottles) were issued in 2017, but not by the company, mainly by the Hualans, Green Cross and Shanghai Vegetables. A total of 1.03 million bottles of coagile original compounds (converted to 200 u/bottles) were issued in 2017, of which 321 bottles, or only 0.03 per cent, were issued in Shanghai.
The largest percentage was in Chinese biology (63.42%). In 2017, 94.13 million bottles of man-fibre protein were issued, of which the Shanghai blood system issued 1742 bottles, or just 0.19%; the largest was in Shanghai Lace, followed by Boya.
With coagulation factors viii, collusive enzymes, and human fibrous proteins, the volume of coagulation factor products sold in 2017 was very small and negligible throughout the city. Because of the high price of coagulation factors products, the big blood products industry wanted to increase their production and sales in order to increase plasma use, reduce the cost of siltation, and increase the Māori rate.
Taking into account the contribution of Shanghai blood, Lanzhou blood, and Wuhan blood, the company issued blood proteins and selenium batches in 2017 to lead other businesses in the same industry; Hepa B was exempted, broken, and the rabies were exempted from wholesale issuance in 2017.
After the reorganization, the company, through its internal agreement and relying on sales advantages, is expected to increase the production and sales of immunoglobin and caustine products. According to the batch distribution data from 2018 to date, the supply of blood products has increased this year; and the proportion of human protein imports has increased further over the 2017 period, leading to a rise in the country’s population.
Prices of products have fallen. From the first quarterly reports of 2018 disclosed by listed companies, a certain decline in the Māori rate was observed in most of the enterprises. Figure 28: Centralized prices of human haemoglobin (10 g/bottle) ($) Figure 29: Middle prices of static (2.5 g/bottle) ($)
Figure 30: The winning price for hepatitis B (100 iu/specule) (M) Figure 31: The winning price for tetanus (250 iu/specule) (M) Figure 32: The winning price for the constriction factor viii (200 iu/specule) (M)
Figure 33: The winning price for the caustic enzyme compound (200iu/specule) The variety of products under study is expected to capture the new market and, in order to increase plasma utilization, the company is constantly developing new varieties. The company has a solid technological reserve in the field of the separation of blood products with the application of layer-analysis techniques.
In addition, the company has obtained the Vitrocellular Human Immunoglobin (ph4), the first company to conduct clinical trials in the country and is currently in clinical trials and is expected to be the first company to launch the product.
At present, blood products are separated directly from human blood plasma and, in order to reduce the dependence of blood products on human blood plasma, the company is using genetic recombinant techniques to produce blood products. The recombinant blood products currently under study consist of recombinant human cdensation factor viii and recombinant human biocelebrosis factor vii, of which the former declared clinically in June 2017 and entered the priority review, were approved for clinical treatment in May 2018, while the latter is in the preclinical research phase; the company is the first to declare recombinant blood factor in the country.
Enterprises with high market potential for such products, which are not currently marketed by the state, will significantly improve the company’s market competitiveness once they are marketed. Beginning in April of April of the year, a controlled subsidiary, a Chinese biologically controlled shareholder, was able to acquire 80% of the shares held by Chinese creatures in Guizhou, which in the second quarter of 2017 was included in the consolidated statement: immediately thereafter, the Shanghai blood system, the Lanzhou blood system, and the Wuhan blood-based assets were injected into listed companies, and the related transactions were completed in January 2018.
(b) In 2017, it was agreed to set up a single plasma station, which is currently under construction, and it is expected that in 2019 it will be licensed and put into operation: in 2018, it was agreed to set up a slurry station.
(b) The increase in the supply of blood products, which led to a decline in the Māori rate in 2018; and the increase in the use of plasma through the production and sale of more highly profitable products in-house synergy, which improved from 2019 to 2020 by the Department of Public Administration;
4- New slurry stations less than expected; Introduction to the Pharmaceutical Biology Research Group. U Pingping, University of Nanjing, Bachelor of Pharmacy, and Master of Biochemistry, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in 2012.
Gong Qing, Bachelor of Physics, Beijing Teacher Training University, and Doctor of Theory Physics, Beijing University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017. The pharmaceutical bioindustry focuses on the company Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy, which has been approved by the China CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sinda Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.