Cloud transformation + national production, hundreds of billions of dollars in market-market growth logic, and a network of friends based on comparative research by four major erp manufacturers.
Companies are the leading business management software and cloud services in the country. Industry patterns: The erp industry is expected to accelerate recovery, with major players accelerating the process of clouding transformation. Providers with a broad client base.
Since 2016, it has developed into three major business sectors: cloud services, software, finance, and so on, as a result of supply-side reforms, rising labour costs, and the commercialization and maturity of new technologies.
The erp sector is gradually warming, and the recovery is expected to accelerate. The country’s erp-wide market is high, with a new strategic layout for integration. From strategy 3.0 to use friends (31%), sap (14%), and golden flute (12%) are in the top three, high end markets.
So, cloud services and financial operations are growing year by year, and the future will be the main growth point for companies. Firms rely on full production, TNCs have an overwhelming advantage, the sum of the saps and oracles is more than 50%, and it is not expected that.
Lines, rich customer delivery experience, and remarkable research and development are inevitable trends, and the erp market will be accompanied by a process of nationalization and cloud transformation, with a strong presence in the domestic erp industry.
A step-by-step move to raise the city’s share of head producers. Trends in national production: traditional erp-based alternatives stimulate high-end demand, and M&As improve industrial layout.
The company is an important partner in the development of Chinese ecology, and, in the context of trade friction between China and the United States, the high-end market-based demand for alternatives to national production will result in a significant increase in its traditional software business, while the company continues to improve its business plates such as crm, plm, bi and finance and automobiles through various M&A initiatives.
After this, it is hoped that the extension of industry’s low-value landmarks will continue, that the integrated enterprise solution of the company’s “Cloud Transfer” era will be improved, and that the network of friends will be promoted across the hundreds of billions of market values. Cloud transformation growth: boxing takes over the Saas market, and iuap enabling ecology will continue.
The company opens up its middle-end business market with its customer resources plus technology advantages, u8clud has a rate of renewal of over 80%, and there's still some room for growth; since its launch, nccloud has contracted a number of large clients from different industries, enabling large firms to digitize. For labels, salesforce, the company is very efficient.
ioap, which helps companies to build their own ecological barriers, is expected to become incremental, corporate profit forecasts and investment ratings: companies are leading the erp industry, and are expected to continue to lead the erp industry as a whole in the process of cloudization. We expect companies to be able to do the same in 2019-2021.
The source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east.
1. Corporate profile: Strategy 3.0 has accelerated transition, and the share of cloud services and financial plates has grown year by year 1.1 National erp taps have gradually moved to the corporate Internet age, using Friends Network (600588.sh), established in 1988 and placed on the market in 2001, as the leading enterprise management software and cloud in the country.
The company has a wide client base in the country, which, after more than 30 years of development, has created an integrated, integrated, eco-style business digitized platform, with a cumulative total of over 25,000 large clients serving the company as of 2017, covering 58% of the country’s 100 billion-degree class.
Since its inception, the company has gone through three major periods: (1) alumni 1.0 (finance and sector-level services): roll-out of LAN-based finance software (v5.0fordos) to drive the country
(ii) Friends 2.0 (erp and enterprise-level services): The introduction of a friend-u8, marking the erp era, the improvement of enterprise management software layouts through large-scale mergers and acquisitions, the provision of modules for clients on applications and services such as erp, crm, plm, etc., covering areas such as human resources, customer relations, etc., including in the areas of finance and administration, automobiles, tobacco, etc., has contributed to the transformation of Chinese enterprises into information.
The number of clients of the enterprise's Internet services reached 800,000 each year. (3) With a friend 3.0 (column computing and social services): based on the latest IT technology such as mobile Internet, cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence etc., a new strategic layout has been developed with the use of the cloud at its core.
Figure 2: Three steps towards a strategic transformation of the company 1.2 Stockholdings are highly concentrated and management is gradually rejuvenating
Wang Wenjing resigned from the company ceo on 1 January 2019 and was replaced by Chen Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang, who joined his friends in 2000 and participated in research and development, implementation, sale, etc.
Figure 3: Chairman Wang Wenjing is the real controller of the company.
In 2018, the company generated $7.7 billion in operating income, an increase of 21 per cent in the same year. The net return to the mother was $600 million, an increase of 57 per cent in the same year, as a result of a significant increase in cloud services and financial operations. In terms of income structure, the share of traditional soft costs and expenses continued to decline, while cash on stock increased significantly, providing viable space for subsequent mergers and acquisitions.
In terms of distribution, the cost of corporate sales fell to 21 per cent and was at its lowest level in five years, with a financial cost of 1.4 per cent down by 46 per cent over the same period, and cash deposits were $5.5 billion, an increase of 38 per cent over the same period. This was mainly due to the fact that companies paid large interest-bearing liabilities in 2018 and provided financial security for subsequent company mergers and acquisitions at the same time as the financial burden was eased.
In recent years, corporate R & D costs have continued to rise, driven by strategic transformational factors, and R & D costs have been higher than those of competing counterparts. Companies own R & D systems, including headquarters platforms and applied R & D centres, and continue to work for strategic transformation. The average R & D costs of companies in the last four years have been 1.1 billion yuan, corresponding to an increase of 64 per cent compared to the pre-transition rate and 20 per cent compared to the pre-transition rate of 24 per cent. As of 2018, firms outperformed their R & D staff.
More than 5,000 people, or 32% of the total number of companies. As the cloud business is still in the window, it is expected that the company will continue to invest in research and development and maintain the growth of the East's wealth and wisdom.
2.1 The erp sector is expected to accelerate recovery by 2012, mainly due to (i) rapid macroeconomic development, which led to high revenues from traditional software, and (ii) complementarities between international erp giants and domestic producers to work together to open up customer channels.
Until 2012, corporate-it spending was highly correlated with macroeconomics. In the past, the economy had been driven by demand side by investment, exports, etc., in a broad-based growth pattern characterized by quantitative expansion, when the target clients of business management software were manufacturing enterprises, at the heart of the process within the enterprise.
In collaboration with clients who want to achieve efficiency gains through the finance, marketing, and production management modules, the prevalence of traditional software has risen rapidly, driven by the high rate of new manufacturing start-ups. On the other hand, our autonomous producers have contributed to the transformation of small and medium-sized enterprises’ information by virtue of their competitive advantages, such as low prices and home-grown reforms.
With its well-developed functional modules and advanced management concepts, the sap, oracles and other international erp giants quickly hit the country, such as sap-contracting petrochemicals, China Petroleum, Hale, Unions, etc. But because the software architecture of these internationalized companies is designed for large enterprises, it may not match the business processes and management structures of SMEs because it is expensive and limited to separation from the implementation team.
In response to this phenomenon, local erp manufacturers have not only fine-tuned software interfaces, language glossion, etc., but have also combined service networks throughout the country to respond to customers’ needs and quickly seized their share of the market. From 2012 to 2015, they were affected by macroeconomic fluctuations, the manufacturing landscape was poor, and customers were interested in cloud technology as a result of technological transformations within the industry.
Development prospects are mixed, with domestic growth in the erp market in a steep downward trend, with a 10 per cent increase by 2015 after 2016, with multi-factor resonance of the erp back on the fast track. (1) As the economy enters a new normal, it is difficult to sustain a development model based on investment in resource elements and scale-up, as the China Manufacturing 2025 framework states, “with a view to accelerating the integration of the new generation of information technology and manufacturing industries into the depth of the new generation.
The main line of action is to promote intelligent manufacturing.” As supply-side reforms deepen, the impact of economic fluctuations on business-entrepreneur spending will diminish; (2) the labour supply will shrink as the country ' s population is ageing and fertility drops, resulting in rising wage costs. The implementation of erp will effectively reduce the cost of business management, manufacturing, purchasing, etc., and increase the profitability of enterprises; (3) the benefits of technological transformation.
Cloud erp brings new business growth points. The cloud erp system, in the form of monthly payments, is initially less costly and has the advantage of rapid deployment and dynamic adjustment, which facilitates rapid progress among small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs); and (4) repeated trade frictions have resulted in the increasing importance of national production substitution and self-controllability in the area of information security.
Figure 14: Overview of competition patterns in domestic erp markets in major players investing in the transformation of cloud operations
We have a high concentration of markets in the erp sector, with a near-fiscal monopolistic pattern, and a growing share of domestic erp producers and markets, but still dominated by large multinationals. The domestic erp market as a whole has a market share, with friends (31%), sap (14%), Golden Flutter (12%) in the top three, multinationals in high-end markets with an overwhelming advantage, the sum of the sap and oracle markets is more than 50%, and the future is expected to be erp.
The erp market is an inevitable trend that will accompany the process of nationalization and cloud transformation, with a further trend toward upgrading the market’s share of head-manufacturing firms. Our erp market’s main players are saps, oracles, friends, gold flutters, etc.
With its many years of experience in Western manufacturing business management practices, manufacturers have complete functional modules that help domestic firms to upgrade management concepts and re-engineer business processes, which are the root of high-end market barriers and have some space for domestic producers. But because of their lack of extensive channels and sufficient service staff, customers may not respond as quickly as local manufacturers.
Two major manufacturers, one with a good friend's product line and a large user base, and the other with a more competitive main hit by the Golden Fluttershy, have been able to pull their heads out of the cloud transformation strategy, but domestic manufacturers have yet to improve the functional depth of the manufacturing module and its industrial application. In recent years, international giants such as Sap and oracle have also introduced solutions for SMEs, which used to be concentrated in small and medium-sized enterprises.
With the government’s strong push for small and medium-sized enterprises on the cloud and industrial Internet processes, friends and Golden Fluttershys are also gradually introducing their own high-end product lines, which are expected to replace national production and gradually gain high-end erp market ownership.
As a global erp-led enterprise, sap and oracle are much more competitive than their domestic counterparts in terms of scale of operations and technological maturity. Both sap and oracle earn more than RMB 100 billion, while domestic erp giants still have an aggregate size of RMB 1 billion.
63.6% and 20.2% respectively, compared with 72.7% and 11.1%, respectively, and with 69.8% and 30.2%, respectively, of golden flutters. Oracel could not make a strict distinction between cloud operations due to inconsistent data entry, but due to the lag in its cloud transition, it still relies mainly on software authorized revenue, with 12.1% of its cloud operations as of 2017.
Figure 18: Comparison of net profits of four companies in the form of deductions from the back-to-back mother, foreign firms are still in the lead during cloud transition. Foreign firms sap ahead of oracle, and domestic firms ahead of gold flutters.
Friends, both pre-emptively stormed the city in the Saas market, but oracle, with its powerful database base, also challenged competitors in their respective fields with its vast domestic customer base.
East Hing Securities reports one of the depth reports of the Friends Network (600588): cloud transformation + national production, hundreds of billions of dollars in market-market growth logic.
2.3 Four large erp giant development path analysis 2.3.1sap: erp industry masters actively advancing the process of cloudization.
Standard applications for business processing.” The first standardized software product, the financial accounting software, was launched in 1973, i.e., the later famous r/1 system; in 1973, the software was launched, based on the host/end server structure, Sapr/2; and in 1988, the sap came from the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Germany is listed; in 1992, SAP launched its landmark product - sapr/3, based on c/s architecture, which has achieved unprecedented success, including large companies such as ibm, Hewlett-Packard, Microsoft, Apple, Intel, etc., which are on line sapr/3; in 2000, sap launched Mysap, based on application integration platform netweaver, with a supporting access to web; in 2004, sap released ecc, ecc
R/3, equivalent to the one achieved on the netweaver, is a running server that runs and develops as one; in 2015, the sap rolled out s/4hana, which is developed on the basis of the sapana memory database system and is more efficient in computing; in 2016, the sap continued to accelerate the process of cloudization in the face of the roll-out of s/4hanacloud by large enterprises, and by the end of 2018, the sap had achieved a total income of 19.39 billion people.
The company divided its operations into three main categories: (1) cloud service subscriptions and maintenance revenues, including laas, paas, saas and advanced ones.
Income from cloud services: (2) income from traditional software authorization and maintenance: (3) income from services, including professional services, advanced support services and other services, such as training and information services. In 2018, corporate business income was $193.9 billion, an increase of 6 per cent in the same year, and net profit from maternity was $32.2 billion, a decrease of 2 per cent in the same year. In recent years, the share of company traditional software in total revenue has declined over the years, while cloud operations have increased over the years.
East Hing Securities reports one of the depth reports of the Friends Network (600588): cloud transformation + national production, hundreds of billions of dollars in market-market growth logic.
Sap has three product lines: the erp product line, the cloud service line, and the platform ' s product line. For the erp product line, the sap has introduced different product types to meet client diversification needs, with sap/4hana as its latest fist.
The sap currently provides five main types of products: private cloud 4hana, public cloud 4hana clud, local saperp, erpsapbusinessbydesign for medium-sized enterprises, and the next generation of public products for small and medium-sized enterprises, sap/4hana, based entirely on the sapana memory database system, which centrally manages business data in real time.
With a higher capacity for data absorption and data compression, based on saperp, it optimizes product codes and data structures, streamlines financial processes and product logic, and applies a new user interface system, sapfiori, which is well suited to the business operations of the mobility and industry 4.0-years. Since Saps/4hana was introduced, it has gained a high degree of client approval, and by the end of 2018, the number of users had reached the end of 2018.
10,500, with an average annual compound growth rate of 58 per cent.
Sap sap s/4hana
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it again.
In the sapana cloud service product line, sap promotes the process of sub-digging mainly through business M&As, in the area of manpower, crm, scm, etc., in 2011, sap consolidated and purchased the H&C flagships with $3.5 billion to improve the human resources cloud business.
In the supply chain area, in 2012, sap calculated the supplier ' s ariba at $4.3 billion to purchase the world ' s second largest cloud, perfected the supply chain cloud business, ariba led enterprises in the field of commercial collaboration applications based on cloud computing, and ariba achieved a total revenue of $444 million in 2011
The growth rate reached 38.5 per cent, with 62 per cent growth in its own business network over the same period; in the financial sector, in 2014, the sap acquired $8.3 billion in concur, and after acquiring concur, the sap will have the largest global business network, completing transactions of over $600 billion per year and making seamless business transactions in more than 25 industries.
In the area of crm, in 2018, sap acquired the capidus and qualtrics, cllidus, cloud-based leadtocash packages for $2.4 billion and $8 billion, respectively, with cpq and spm applications that fill gaps in the sapcx product mix and facilitate competition between sap and salesforce; qualtrics was one of the top three online investigation services globally, acquired qualtrics, and sap Enterprises.
The combination of operational data with data from the experience of the qualtrics would provide more data resources for the Sap Cloud platform and the artificial intelligence platform.
In-depth report using Friends Network (600588): cloud transformation + national production, hundreds of billions of market value growth logic Figure 27: Overview of sap cloud service line M & A
2007 M & A Wicomcompunisations, Client Service: All-P Contact Centre, 2010, Accessfactors M & A inform, Strengthening Human Planning Modules, Construction and Enterprise Communications Software Providers
Merger and purchase of accessfactors, $3.5 billion in 2011, enhancement of human resources cloud, 2009, M & A skydata, sales: Focus on mobile crm software solutions, 2012, M & A Syclo, crm services: Enhancement of on-site service solutions
2011 accessfactors M & A Jobs2web, Enhanced Job Marketing 2013, M & A hybris, E-Commerce: Network Channel Experience Management • 2012, M & A Datango, Enhanced Online Learning Module
In 2014, M & A Seewhy, crm marketing: enhanced user trip optimization module . 2014, M & A Fieldgrads, enhanced external staff management module 2017, M & A bakus, crm marketing: enhanced statistical monitoring of cross-channel marketing effects
In 2015, M & A multiposing, enhanced recruitment management module 2018, M & A, mainly for social engineering platforms, 2017, Gigiya, crm big data: strengthening its hybris e-commerce sector
Live Services Management 2018, Merger and Purchase Callidus, $2.4 billion, Crm Sales: Leadtocash Supply Chainsscm
In 2018, qualtrics, $8 billion, crm marketing: customer questionnaire, 1999, ariba M&A tradex, enhanced supply chain services, 2004, riba M&A freemarkets, enhanced procurement management
Merger and acquisition of crossgate, enhancement of b2b EDI • 2014, merger and purchase of concur, $8.3 billion, layout of the largest global business network, 2011, ariba and acquisition of b-process, enhancement of electronic invoice services
In 2011, ariba M & A Quadrem, the world ' s largest supply network • in 2012, R & A, $4.3 billion to strengthen supply chain cloud services, in 2013, M & A smartops, to enhance supply chain stock optimization
In the platform ' s product lines, the sappaas platform integrates advanced technologies, including block chains, artificial intelligence, machine learning, big data (hana), lonardo, business intelligence platform (sapanalyticscloud).
Yes. Of the related M&As, in 2008 sap acquired the business analysis software leader Businessobjects for $6.8 billion, effectively integrating the erp product with business intelligence analysis; in 2010 sap acquired the traditional database vendor Sybase for $5.8 billion to enhance the development of the Hana big data platform.
Figure 28: Overview of product lines and acquisitions of the SAP platform
Portal Integration: In 2001, the M & A of Toptiersofware became the sapportals in 2002, and Businessabjects acquired the actatechnologies that created software for collecting and organizing data from different systems (including erp and crm)
Portal integration: 2007 M & A maxware, to provide identity management solutions, 2005, M & A Transactinmory, to enhance the development of the Hana memory database Portal integration: 2010: socessfactors acquired cubetree and later became Cubetree
• Merger and purchase of Sybase $5.8 billion in 2010 to enhance research and development of the Hana Big Data Platform Jam, Business Socialization and Business Collaboration Portal 2016, M & A altiscale, altiscale platform bdaas based on Hadop and
Process Integrator: In 2007, the merger of yasutechnologies improved the spark to enable sap to take advantage of the (bpm) business process management function of the big data netweaver (sappi) using cross-technology, data platforms and applications
Data mining and analysis Process integration: 2009, M & A Soalogix, for software business process integration, 2000, Businessobjects M & A olap@work to provide development
Process Integrator: 2018, Mergers and Acquisitions for Automation of Robotic Processes Sales of Online Analytical Processing Reporting Tool
In 2007, M & A, enhancing business performance management, in 2004, Sybase acquired first-line equipment management software company Xcellnet, in 2007, Businessobjects acquired inxight to enhance visualization, information screening
Socket and natural language processing module, 2011 M & A, for 3D visualization of products, 2013, M & A kxen, for enhanced data mining forecasting analysis
In 2016, M & A Plat.one for the Enterprise Goods Networking Platform . 2016, M & A Fedem for digital jigs (e.g. wind turbine oil drills) in 2004, M & A a2iinc to enhance the sap master data solution
In 2012, Purisma, enhanced master data management module, 2018, recast.ai, for machine learning, smart interactive robots, 2008, Businessobjects, $6.8 billion, business analysis software
In 2007, Businessobjects acquired cartesis and later converted to sapepm.
In 2016, M&A roambi, the enhanced mobile visualization module, in addition to generic business M&A initiatives, sap is actively involved in business acquisition in vertical industries, such as environmental protection, retail, finance, and telecommunications. The sap currently covers a total of 31 industries in six major industries, and is committed to providing customized professional solutions for customers.
Figure 29: Overview of software manufacturers in the main M & As industry Sap Environmental protection: 2008, M & A cleanstandards, providing carbon emissions management software Retail: 1996, M & A dacos, providing retail solutions
Retailing: 1998, M & A, providing storage and distribution centre software solutions Environmental protection: 2010, M & A technidata, providing environmental industry solutions Retail: 2005, M & A triversity, providing pos solutions
Retailing: M & A saf, 2009, providing retail, logistics, manufacturing and supply orders and forecasts Bank: 2009, sybase M & A paysoltions, providing mobile banking solutions
Insurance: M & A Camilleon, 2013, providing solutions for the insurance industry Tickets: 2013, M & A picket-web, providing ticket solutions Tourism: 2016, M & A hipmunk, providing tourism industry information search, intelligence
• Telecommunications: in 2009, M & A Hughdeal provided a real-time billing solution for telecommunications More than 430,000 clients, 92 per cent of Forbes' top 2,000 companies worldwide, 98 per cent of the most valuable brands, in addition to the source of financial prosperity in the East
Seventy-seven per cent of the world ' s trading revenues flow into the SAP system.
The world's most innovative car company, the world's 50th most secure bank, runs the SAP system.
Run the sap system, run the sap system, top 100 universities in the world.
Top hospitals in the world, consumer goods companies in 134 countries running the sap system.
Operation of the sap system is in the process of innovation through the sap solution 2.3.2 oracle: database industry leading enterprises, raising the market share of the erp through M & A reorganization
In June 1977, a software development laboratory sdl (oracle predecessor) was launched in Silicon Valley with Larryellison and Bobminer and edodes; in 1979, the company launched the first version of the commercial relationship database, with the United States Central Intelligence Agency becoming its first client; in 1982, the company was officially renamed oracle; in 1992, the flagship product oracle7 was launched, adding distributed transactional processing functions, enhanced management functions,
And new tools and safety methods for application development; in 2000, the Internet-based logo oracle11i ebs took over the market for applications, and then led by the acquisition of subsectors such as peopleloft, siebel, bea, netsuite, to improve the erp layout; in 2013, Oracle published a cloud-based database oracle12c, which is beyond ibm.
To become the second largest software company in the world after microsoft; in 2017, a fully automated database based on machine learning was released, oracle 18c. As of 31 May 2019, Oracle had achieved business income of $272.6 billion and had 137,000 employees worldwide.
The Eastern Source of Financial Resources and Leaps The Company divides its operations into three main categories: (1) cloud services and authorized support operations, including: Licensessupport (income from authorization and follow-up maintenance) and cloudserves (income from laas, paas and saas); (2) revenue from hardware sales; and (3) revenue from services, packages
The company’s operating income in 2018 was $272.6 billion, an increase of 0.3 per cent over the same period, the net oracle’s deployment of a complete IT chain, and its global leadership in the area of databases and enterprise applications. Excellent handling of big data) and its dominant position in the database market, with more than 30 per cent of the city’s share.
A new generation of machine-based, fully automated database oracle18c, with high availability and security features in terms of product composition, through integrated services such as “exclusive hardware plus database plus cloud operations”. On the one hand, it can be recovered automatically from any malfunction, guaranteeing 99.995% of normal operating hours (including maintenance), and on the other hand, automated security management through self-repair and self-renewal without downtime.
Figure 36: Key elements of oracle 18c
In the intermediate area, oracle became the second largest city in the world after acquiring the world's leading application infrastructure software company, Bea, after ibm. This was followed by continuous technological innovation and M & As integration, resulting in a well-developed mix of intermediate products, such as oracle.
In the area of enterprise applications, oracle mainly provides product services such as erp, crm, and hcm. In 2005, sap improved its erp and hcm lines by acquiring human resources management leaders, and in 2006, by acquiring customer relationship management.
The company’s future growth points are mainly focused on cloud operations, including the fusion for large firms and the netsuite for medium-sized enterprises, which now have 6,000 users and more than 16,000 netsuite users.
Oracle serves more than 430,000 clients in 175 countries around the world, has 25,000 partners and more than 18,000 patents, its Eastern source of wealth and wisdom, its products cover top businesses in all walks of life, and 98 of the wealth 100 top companies use oracle technology.
Figure 38: Oracle's typical client, the world's top space and defense company, the world's top automobile company
The world's top medical equipment firm, the world's top consumer goods firm, the world's top technology firm.
World top manufacturing enterprise. World top college. 2.3.3 Golden Fluttershy: Actively promoting cloud transformation, becoming a erp company with clouds at its core.
In 1993, Golden Fluttershy was founded in Shenzhen, and since its inception, the company has gone through three stages of development: (1) from 1993 to 1999 it was an era of financial software. The company started with financial software and launched the Dos version of the financial software in the same year, three years later, and its first home country in 2011 was an era of erp software.
k/3. Breaking the situation where the erp market is monopolized by foreign manufacturers, Golden Fluttershy took over from tcl in 2001 to further deepen the erp transformation process; (3) 2011 to date is an era of corporate Internet clouds. In 2011, “Golden Fluttershy” (the prehistoric body of the House of Clouds) was born, and the same Golden Flutter proposed a strategy of “Cloud Management” based on new and emerging technologies such as mobile Internet, social networks, cloud computing.
Business-level cloud logs, such as the Golden Fluttershy and the Sky, have helped in the transformation of domestic firms. Figure 39: Golden Fluttershy Development in 2018, Golden Fluttershy achieved business income of $2.9 billion, an increase of 22 per cent over the previous year, mainly due to a significant increase in cloud services, resulting in net profit for mothers.
In terms of income structure, traditional software remains the backbone of the company, accounting for nearly 70%, while cloud services account for more than 30% for the first time, and will continue to grow in the future.
East Hing Securities reports one of the depth reports of the Friends Network (600588): cloud transformation + national production, hundreds of billions of market value growth logic, and in traditional software business, Golden Fluttershy has three main products: eas for large-scale enterprises, k/3 for medium-sized enterprises, and Xiaomei for medium-sized enterprises.
In 2018, the eas business grew steadily, with sales revenue increasing by 19.3 per cent compared to the previous year, with successful contracting of industry anchor clients such as Qingshan Holdings, China Oil International and Trinity Group; and kis operating with steady revenue growth of 5.7 per cent compared to the previous year. To meet the core requirements of low input, easy use, maintenance and data security for small and micro-enterprises, kis operations have gradually opened up a product clouding exploration to increase the ease of software use.
In the case of cloud services, Golden Fluttershy has produced five main products: cloud dome for large enterprises, cloud sky for medium-sized enterprises, tacky cloud for small micro-enterprises, smart co-officer house, and electricity vendor cloud to manage the cloud. Golden Flutter dome: in 2018, Golden Flutter launched the first enterprise-level cloud service platform in the country based on cloud-based structures - Golden Flutter dome, which it uses.
Micro-services, containers, distribution technologies, original Kddm cloud dynamic area models, support for cloud-side customisation, and by the end of 18th year, clouds had been awarded over $39.8 million, with clients such as China, China, China, China, China, Western King, and Winch Group.
The rate of renewal has remained at a high level of 95%, while the Golden Flute Cloud and Amazonaaws, China and other laas manufacturers have continued to build deep ecological partnerships, with three stars, large-scale lasers, and Internet-friendly companies contracted during the year.
Golden Fluttershy: In 2018, the performance of Golden Fluttershy rose sharply, at a rate of 104.9 per cent, and based on client demand, Golden Fluttershy adopted a variety of product strategies, which introduced micro-credit procedures such as cloud accounting, cloud managers, and stock sales, which reached over 100,000 installed in the year app, with more than 36,000 businesses using the new apps each month, establishing strategic partnerships with businesses such as Alibaba, China Mobile, China Silver Union, etc.
Golden Fluttershys: The total number of system orders amounted to 800 million orders a year, an increase of 27.5 per cent a year; supporting traders traded $140 billion, an increase of 19.2 per cent a year. IYC provides electric cloud services to prominent firms such as Fushikang, China Can build, Ilyi, and Michelin, and provides smart power and storage solutions to leading electric companies such as Wortha, Opoo Light, Beinme and East Aqué.
According to the idc report, for the third year in a row, Cloud House has the highest market position among large and medium-sized enterprises, and will be deeply integrated with the Golden Fluorescent Dome platform and will continue to grow deep into the large business market.
Figure 44: Golden Fluttershy International’s main product, Golden Fluttershy, as a domestic erp leader, has a pre-eminent advantage in the process of cloudization transition. According to the idc report, Golden Fluttershy has been stable for 14 consecutive years.
The year saw the launch of cloudpk/3clud for growth-oriented firms, which is well ahead of their domestic competition counterparts, and it is expected that by 2019, the proportion of gold flutters operating in China will be more than 50 per cent, and by 2020, more than 60 per cent of the services will be received, thus truly achieving the company’s cloud-centred goal.
3.1 The multi-layered product lines meet the demand for diversification, and the national production-substitution support companies have adopted a multi-layered product strategy for different client groups with regard to traditional software, which is a source of financial growth in the East and has continued to thrive in high-end markets.
u9 product lines, mainly nc and u9 product lines, which are directly managed by the parent company and provide customized services, are mainly targeted at group enterprises, u9 product lines are based on the soa structure and are focused on the industries of machines, electronics, whole cars, furniture, etc.
In the case of medium-sized enterprises, the u8+ series, one of the most widely applied and user-intensive management software in the country, has been launched. Since 2015, in order to reduce efficiency gains, the u8+ series as a whole has been divided among its affiliates, YoP, using a fully distributed marketing model.
In the case of small-scale enterprises, it is mainly the subsidiaries that can easily roll out the t series of products. For traditional plants, the t1.t3 and t6 product lines have been introduced according to the size of their operations, and for new types of commerce, such as electricity suppliers, the t+ product lines based on the b/s architecture have been introduced for easy use.
With 1.5 million users, more than 2,000 channel partners, and more than 160 authorized services throughout the country, the first client service guarantee scheme to provide information on post-sale services for micro-enterprises has been launched.
In the broader context of trade friction, national production substitution, companies will continue to develop at the higher end of the market with product advantages and years of experience. On the one hand, after more than a decade of product optimization in the Friends nc series, there is an intra-industry product advantage. At the bottom, nc6, based on key technologies such as cloud computing, big data, mobile Internet, artificial intelligence, etc., can help users achieve c2b (customer-led).
Business innovations such as e2m (staff dynamics), dde (data-driven), rte (real-time operations) were introduced; in terms of industry and domain coverage, nc6 had 15 large and 68 broken-down industries, providing practical experience in seven broad areas covering finance, supply chain, manufacturing, marketing, human capital, and 23 broken-down areas.
In June 2019, Hwa erp visited a friend's garden, where he worked with his friends on a number of products, such as a friend's marketing cloud, symbiotic cloud, tax cloud, and u8cloud.
The two sides would like to deepen their cooperation in more areas, not even excluding the possibility of an internal erp replacement.
As the business competitive environment increases, firms have significantly improved their accuracy in the application of modules, but there is also a large number of information silos. Businesses and customer information, for example, exist in crm, but if production orders are to be used for customer information, they need to be re-recorded, resulting in customer information not being shared; the hr software often needs to extract relevant data from business systems such as rp, crm, etc.
In response to this large trend, friends have targeted their own M & As strategies. Three major acquisition directions are used: (1) industry-based complementary acquisitions; and (2) cross-cutting.
On the one hand, competition in the area of fragmentation can be enhanced in a short period of time through the use of friends for the acquisition of leading companies in the fields of crm, plm, bi and finance, automobile applications, etc., in accordance with the Said consultant ' s annual report on research in the Chinese enterprise-level software market, 2017-2018.
As of 2017, the market share of friends in the four main areas of finance, erp, crm, enterprise asset management software was the first; on the other hand, effective integration based on the same application platform after business mergers and acquisitions allowed companies to supplement and strengthen their own business.
Competing competitive advantages, and ultimately providing integrated and comprehensive information solutions for clients. Figure 46: Both industrial software, erp and plm, for large-scale M&A events using a friend network, reflect process management ideas and are achieved by means of information technology.
This linkage enables manufacturers to integrate manufacturing and supply chain processes to reduce delays and increase efficiency. Plm software focuses on strategicly more important intangible assets, improving the efficiency of research and development teams, shortening the research and development cycle, increasing product value addition, reducing production costs, and increasing enterprise competitiveness.
In the area of plm, friends develop their own plm operations through M&A & G on Matt technology. The management solution can be summarized in four areas: (1) regularizing the product development process and shortening the product development cycle. Standardizing the R&D product development process, constraining key activity tasks, organizing the delivery of project results, monitoring the project development process in real time.
Key milestones, tracking of causes, rational coordination of resources; (2) control of product development processes and quality of product research and development. Establish a pool of corporate knowledge and experience, sharing of product research and development experiences, prevention of product research and development errors, real-time validation of the correctness of project development results, implementation of ongoing controls, reduction of follow-up errors, establishment of product problem tracking mechanisms and management of deficiencies; (3) standardization of product data, control
(iv) Integration of product data to provide timely and accurate data for production. Through a digitally complete product structure, product design efficiency is improved and product data accuracy is ensured; and design and production data are guaranteed.
Harmonizing and integrating design and production data to provide accurate production data in a timely manner. With the accumulation of more than one year in the plm field, friends have developed a vast number of successful applications in traditional manufacturing industries, such as China’s Dragon Industrial Control Unit, Tianjin Sai-Im, Teri Heavy Work, Shanxi Motors, and Hangzhou Hai Heng Power.
4. Cloud service business: boxing products taking over the Saas market, iuap enabling ecology
4.1 In July 2017, the first erp product in the market, u8cloud, was launched with a friend, u8cloud, with a major focus on growing, innovative enterprises, was launched in the middle of u8cloud.
Compared to the competition of the same audience, the greatest innovation for u8cloud is the overall cloudization, which continues to be a financial integration of operations, and for which cloud services such as human services, marketing services, finance services, procurement services, financial services, industrial goods networking and cloud services from third-party partners are connected through the open platform of Oenapi. On the basis of this product optimization, u8cloud is quickly launched.
In 2018, u8cloud's client rate was 82.04%, which is higher than the average rate of renewal of the company's cloud business (63.25%), and there will be some room for growth as the product line is steadily operating. In August 2019, the user will launch u8cloud 3.0 based on the serverless cloud structure, which maintains the openness of the openness of the popapi.
In addition, emphasis is placed on supporting dynamic modelling, intelligence and automation, while fully integrating services such as procurement, marketing, manufacturing, teamwork, etc.
One of the in-depth reports from the Friends Network (600588) is cloud transformation + national production, with hundreds of billions of dollars in market-market growth logic, figure 48:u8 product structure, which follows industry trends closely, can control or trigger a wave of national production substitution.
The nccloud, nccloud, of the saas product has the following three core competencies: (1) development based on a mixed cloud structure that is consistent with industry trends. The mixed cloud structure combines the advantages of public and private cloud computing, deploying Internet-based applications and providing optimal performance while also safeguarding the safety and reliability of private local data centres, thereby supporting key legacy business applications. idc
In the future, mixed clouds are projected to account for 67 per cent of the overall cloud market share; (2) nccloud will support cloud-to-column deployment across the board, achieve security control, and achieve full compatibility of the oracle database through the in-depth integration of its cloud database; (3) cover a wide range of industries and scenes, thereby contributing to the individualization needs of the enterprise. nccloud will provide human resources, digital marketing, shared finance, financial management, and supply.
Business management services such as the response chain, business performance, asset projects, smart manufacturing, etc., for within the enterprise, combining cloud services such as the purchase, marketing, coordination, finance, taxation and manpower, as well as ecological partners, covering a total of 14 major industries, as well as the digitalization of 18 major enterprises
4.2 Salesforce leads the platform building, and the biosphere building support cloud-end sustained energy gartner divides the Paas platform into two categories, with high efficiency Paas and high control Paas, which provide deployment and operational platforms for applications only, with a variety of standardized design models, templates and plugins embedded that can be significantly improved
About the time of application development, but its limited ability to deploy the base resources, has also led to shallow access to the platform, poor compatibility between the apps provided by the individual Isvs, lack of access between the information flow and the financial stream, which, if achieved, would mean a lot of development work, a partnership between the Isv and the platform, with no dependencies, with clear objectives: sales upgrades and improved platform functionality
High-control Paas platforms provide developers with a full set of development tools and bottoms, and apps are built on platforms, so apps and platforms are highly accessible and dependent. The more typical high-control Paas platforms abroad, such as Salesforce, the typical Isv developers, have developed a crm system for the medical sector based on Salesforce, and have a relatively good sales value.
Control properties, developers have a high dependency on salesforce, which is largely locked in salesforce, but allows the flow of information between the various apps. The paas platform currently being launched by the country’s saas manufacturers is highly efficient, such as the iuap with the Golden Flutter cloud dome.
Salesforce started with the crm management software and gradually infiltrated up the industry chain to build its own Paas platform. The company launched an appexchange in 2005 to build a platform for clients and asv to lay the foundation for late-stage business expansion; and, in 2007, launched an efficacious Paas platform for force.com.
It allows third parties to deploy applications to the salesforce structure to facilitate customization and efficiency enhancement of Saas products; in 2010, the acquisition of high-control paas platform, heroku, to build cloud applications for developers to further enhance penetration into large enterprises.
Figure 49: The path to building the salesforcepaas platform allows salesforce to have a three-pronged and sustained competitive advantage by building its own paas platform: (1) the platform ' s effects widen the business boundaries and build ecological barriers. By integrating the sisvsaas module, it directly saves costs of customization and marketing channels for in-house research and development.
For example, human and financial saas listed companies workday provides products on appexchange and achieves integration with the salesforce product. As the paas platform evolves, its platform effects become apparent, attracting other large saas manufacturers to join the ecology; (2) increasing the penetration of large customers by providing flexible development and in-depth customization services.
With the support of the Paas platform, on the one hand, some of the problems can be solved through the Isv platform, and, on the other hand, the programmable elements of the platform can improve development efficiency and respond quickly to clients’ needs. Since the acquisition of heroku, the company has adopted a large client strategy since 2011, with $13.28 billion in revenue from the Paas platform, which accounts for about 20 per cent of the company’s cloud business revenue, and will continue to increase its performance in the future.
On the one hand, the iuap platform is technologically conducive to the efficient development of personalized applications by enterprises, to the building of their own cloud platforms and, on the other hand, to the use of the platform to glue to the saas layer; and on the other hand, to the iuap layer.
The platform is at its core, and the launch of the plan to advance the api conglomerate is likely to be a breakout point in the future. The iuap dual nuclear platform = uap+ieop, based on the original uap (UA platform), has added an enterprise Internet operating platform for Internet architecture and services by combining cloud computing, mobile, large numbers, socialization, etc.
Business management data are linked to existing Internet applications, and businesses can develop new applications within or based on interconnectivity based on dual-nuclear platforms and seamlessly link them, thereby helping more businesses to transform into Internet and complete their own cloud platforms. iuap has two main core competitivenesss: (1) incrementally increase the penetration rate of large firms by increasing the efficiency of enterprise-level applications development.
Distributed structures are in place to support the cloud-based infrastructure represented by micro-services, container services, devops, etc., to open up all types of enterprise-level applications, to support the in-depth application of technologies such as ar/vr/mr, big data, artificial intelligence, block chains, etc. at the enterprise-level, to support cloud-extension structures at the client, industry and field levels, to match multiple laas, and to support hybrid cloud and application-level carriers.
Create and deliver a wide range of business applications; (2) help friends build api rings and eventually create ecological barriers. Based on the iuap cloud table, users, industry partners and developers have access to application distribution, current promotion, programme value addition, business analysis, trade settlement, service support to better build and operate Internet services, while developing platforms will be shared free of charge with certified partners, reducing their pre-existing status
From 2018 onwards, the introduction of the Quakers program with friends, and the shift from business partners to ecological partners, has underscored the determination to build the cloud business conglomerate. Business partners with friends used to be limited to partners downstream of the industry chain, such as channel distribution, consulting on implementation, after the Quixies program.
Friends’ partners also include more cloud-market partners, cloud-development partners, and strategic partners that focus on integrating development. The ultimate objective of the project is to bring together the services of eco-partners around the use of the Soyuz platform and the core cloud business, presenting a picture of the typical applications of large- and medium-sized enterprises, and ultimately to meet the one-stop purchase of enterprise applications and services.
According to the latest annual report, the number of eco-in-partners in Soyun Market City has reached 3,000, and the number of ecological products and services has gone up by 4500; the cloud market, in collaboration with the cloud platform, has published/listed 45 cloud-integration products covering seven areas: digital marketing, digital manufacturing, digital finance, digital manpower, digital office, data intelligence, platform infrastructure, etc.
Up to the target of more than 8,000 in products and services, it is expected that in the future there will be a sustained increase in the investment in api ecological construction to develop the capacity of business partners to supply standardized integrated products for industry.
In 2018, the country’s industrial Internet policy was heavily developed, and the development environment continued to be optimized.
Guidance on the Internet, the Ministry of Industry and Communications has issued a number of industrial Internet promotion policies, such as the Industrial Internet Development Action Plan (2018-2020), the Industrial Internet Appurtenance Engineering Programme (2018-2020), and implementation programmes in Shanghai, Tianjin, Zhejiang, Jiang Su, Guangdong, Shandong and Hunan provinces and cities, which have been accelerated through the integration of local industrial structures and developments.
Fostering industrial Internet platforms across sectors, regions and industries. With industrial Internet policies in place, national and local industrial policies and financial support are expected to accelerate industrial Internet platform development, leading the way to industrial Internet development.
A good pattern will be basically formed. Figure 58: “Central top-level deployment + departmental linkage drive” led industrial Internet platforms to land fast. The platform layer is at the heart of the overall industrial Internet solution and plays an upswing role. Industrial Internet includes four layers from the bottom up: first
The bottom layer is the basis. Data are collected on the edges on a wide and deep scale, reducing network transfer loads and cloud computing pressures through the agreed conversion and marginal processing of isomer data; on the second laas layer, providing bottom cloud technology for calculation, storage, etc. for the platform as a whole; and on the third platform layer is the core. The platform layer is based mainly on generic Paas stacking of data processing, industrial data analysis, industrial microservices.
The fourth layer of application is the key. The ultimate value of the industrial Internet is created through the creation of different industries and scenes of saas.
In-depth report with Friends Network (600588), one of the following: Cloud Transformation + National Production, 100 billion market-market growth logic: Figure 59: Functional map of industrial Internet platforms in the industrial Internet platform industry, industrial enterprises and third-party IT enterprises, by virtue of their respective competitive advantage chambers.
With four main categories of participating manufacturers, manufacturing and automated enterprises, relying on their deep industry, supply chain and business process experience, gradually incubating professional industrial Internet platform companies and building operating platforms to enhance third-party platform service capabilities, while competitors may prefer independent third-party IT firms for risk-segregation considerations.
With development, integration, Internet enterprises have their own advantages in data storage, data analysis, etc.
In 2018, the size of the domestic industrial Internet market reached 53.8 billion yuan, and the industrial Internet was an important entry point for the development of industrial innovation as the depth of the process of dualization became more and more sophisticated as government policies became more and the market space was expected to grow faster.
The source of financial prosperity in the East builds an industrial intelligence cloud service platform based on iuap, with industrial apps and big data at its core, enabling industrial enterprises to transform and develop.
With regard to access regulations, the overall structure includes equipment layers, laas layers, paas layers, saas layers, and cloud access codes, safety codes, figure 62: Other industrial Internet platforms are associated with the architecture of the smart Internet, with the following main core advantages: (1) stock customers bring high conversion rates.
A large customer base, large scale extension and service capacity. More than half of the clients who used friends served in the past were industrial enterprises that could directly switch to industrial Internet platforms; (2) platform bases to reduce technical barriers. Smart platforms based on a friend ' s iuap, built from 2011 and developed with a friendy cloud, have accumulated a great deal of technological experience, reducing the difficulty of using emerging technologies such as cloud computing, big data, ai, etc.
(iii) The platform has a strong data analysis capability. Joint automated industry eco-partners have jointly built an industrial goods networking platform with a wide range of appliance, achieving 10,000/day levels of equipment data, business systems (erp, mes, etc.) and socialization, supporting million-grade users in combination with pb-level large industrial data storage and processing capabilities; (4) the platform has a multiplicity of uniforms.
The cloud-based software and industrial apps of the Smart Platform cover all stages of enterprise production, including business management services, R & D design services, industrial production services, product support services, financial services and data services, and provide an in-depth integration of applications.
Table 8: Solutions and Effectiveness with Friends and Smart
At the same time, the platform consists of 279 cloud-based industrial software, 38,000 industrial equipment, more than 80 industrial agreements, and the development of an industrial app 1247.
In addition to the clients of industrial enterprises, friends have also signed contracts with local governments in several provinces and cities to build local industrial cloud platforms to help local small and medium-sized industrial enterprises gain access to them and to form productive synergies in the industrial chain.
5. Financial operations: rapid growth in beneficiary sectors, building capital from group resources
5.1 The supply chain finance industry is right when it is based mainly on real trade up and down the industry, based on good goodwill and compliance capacity of core firms, and enhanced wind control capacity by controlling the flow of capital, logistics and data in the supply chain to address the difficulties of financing SMEs in the same chain.
Figure 65: Trade patterns in supply chain finance so far, supply chain finance has gone through three stages of development: the first phase is a traditional banking model centred on banks. At this stage, financing services are provided to core firm-level dealers, mainly through credit ratings, real estate mortgages, but since banks are not involved in the whole.
Supply chain operating processes make it difficult for most second-tier and above distributors to access finance; the second phase is the onlineization of supply chain finance. i.e., access to real transaction information by docking the erp ports of major enterprises, thereby better controlling financing risks, combined with the involvement of logistics providers, makes it possible to encumber movable property, but as core data remain available in some enterprises, it is difficult to achieve comprehensive risk assessments;
The third stage of supply chain finance has been characterized by a more structured and highly interconnected approach to industrial penetration through financial flows, logistics, multi-dimensional information flow controls, and cloud platforms.
Figure 66: The supply chain financial development phase has gained momentum in our supply chain finance industry in recent years, mainly for four main reasons: (1) good policies provide a good enabling environment for supply chain finance development; (2) networking of goods, artificial intelligence, big data, block chains, etc., have transformed the underlying business logic; (3)
In the broader context of supply-side reforms, policies related to supply chain finance have been frequently introduced in recent years. In October 2017, the State Department's Office issued Guidance to Actively Promote Supply Chain Innovation and Applications.
The important role of supply chain finance in supply chain innovation has been clarified. On the one hand, the direction of supply chain finance and the specific institutions responsible for it have been pointed out; on the other hand, the development goal of our intelligent supply chain system, namely, to develop about 100 leading global supply chain firms by 2020, which, driven by development goals, will further guarantee the continued development and improvement of the supply chain financial system.
Table 9: Supply chain finance-related policies are intensely presented as one of the in-depth reports of the Eastern Network of Friends (600588): cloud transformation + national production, hundreds of billions of dollars in market value growth logic
The development of technologies such as physical networking, artificial intelligence, big data, block chains, etc. will increase the transparency of the transactions of supply chain financial participants, increase the degree of financial control over the authenticity of trade, strengthen the relationship between core and downstream firms, thereby reducing transaction costs, breaking trust barriers, and creating more application scenarios for supply chain finance.
Traditional banks are active in supply chain finance-related operations. For example, business banks are introducing online micro-finance systems centred on “operating fast loans” and “lined supply chains,” and safe banks are launching “credible micro-finance systems” oriented towards “cool” finance.
Industrial 4.0 is integrated with supply chain finance for development. On the one hand, information physics integration systems (cps) can facilitate efficient management and disaggregation of large amounts of data in the industry, and financial institutions can increase their protection against real trade controls and financial risks, for example through data pledge.
In addition, the soundness of supply chain finance facilitates the rapid development of a consumer-centred model of c2b, enhancing the softness and individualization of production systems, thus accelerating industrial landings of 4.0. In the future, with policy continuity, industry development infrastructure will continue to improve; and advanced technology will gradually be integrated into real operations, core capital.
By 2020, the overall size of the supply chain market is expected to exceed 2.2 trillion yuan.
5.2 Reliance on group resources to build a closed financial chain for the participation of erp manufacturers in supply chain financial operations has three advantages: (1) guarantees that facilitate the authenticity of transactions.
A step-by-step look at the business’s day-to-day business situation helps to control the authenticity of transactions; (2) stock-client conversion rates are high and integrated management is promising to reduce efficiency gains. erp manufacturers can turn their own erp-system clients into participants in supply chain finance platforms, not only to facilitate cross-checking of inter-firm data, but also to harmonize bottom-level data structures through common management and analysis of business data, which can produce economies of scale and reduce costs;
(3) Provision of support services to enhance the integrated competitiveness of producers. Financing product programme design and large data wind control services for banks, trusts, funds, factoring, etc., based on big data analysis, and active development of additional support services.
With the creation of the Supply Chain Finance Department, on the one hand, friends actively develop factoring services and develop vertical solutions for different industries. For the construction industry, deposit factoring services are provided in response to pressure on core corporate receivables, helping upstream suppliers to accelerate cash flow; and for retailing.
Industry, in response to the shortage of funds for core business sales and distributors, provides factoring services for the supply of goods. On the other hand, friends launch the Numerical Clouds platform, based on the optimal design of bottom-level technologies, to build a multi-dimensional bridge between the money and financers.
In the lower layers of the data chain, using the quantum stream module, differential pricing of the supply products of financial enterprises and subsequent wind control services.
East Hing Securities Company reports one of the in-depth reports of the Friends Network (600588), cloud transformation + national production, 100 billion market value growth logic, figure 69: Numerical cloud-melting functional framework
Since its establishment in 2014, the Institute has promoted sound financial operations through self-employment and cooperation with third-party financial institutions and improved the financial industry layout of its supply chain. On the one hand, it has actively participated in the establishment of financial institutions, such as the Association, the Central Bank, the Friends Business Service, and the Toyota Financial Insurance Agency, to provide financial support for the development of supply chain operations; on the other hand, it has also provided intermediary service providers, such as smooth and easy access to finance.
Alumni is a corporate-owned Internet-based financial information platform, accounting for more than 80% of corporate financial operations, relying on friends, and receiving strong support from the group from management teams, brand endorsements, technical support, and customer-led flows.
The core competitiveness of the Eastern Treasures Foundation, established in July 2014 as the primary p2p platform for the friendly finance section, stems mainly from the multi-risk management initiatives imposed by the group: (1) participation in the formation of a core management team for the institution.
Previous financial directors, branch general managers, financial masters, institution-building and tax planning, etc.; (2) brand endorsements by friends for friendships, increasing the visibility of their platforms and public trust; (3) data and technical support by friends for their operations. Companies have worked for years in the field of erp, accumulated big business data for businesses, and on that basis conducted a large multi-dimensional analysis of data and raised the profile of borrowing companies.
As of December 31, 2018, revenues from the financing of information services via the Friends’ Internet reached RMB 1 billion, an increase of 52% over the same period, and the accumulated volume of the FKF transactions reached RMB 42 billion, with a cumulative active population of 1.7 million, and is expected to continue to grow significantly in the future.
As another important business in the corporate financial sector, easy payment combines business payments with the use of friendly cloud services, and closes the flow of funds through the provision of full-source, field-based payment operations. There are two main supply products – money-to-people and silver-to-business, money-to-coastal, which is easy to pay for bottom-to-collaborative support for MSMEs.
An overall solution to the payments, a cloud-based way of linking enterprise systems to multiple banking systems, and cloud services that achieve all bank account management, payment settlements, bills, treasury management, etc. In operational practice, easy payment is made by combining friends for services such as clouds, marketing clouds, and so on, to penetrate financial systems, procurement, electronic invoices, etc.
The event, which provides a full-source, scenario-based payment settlement service, helps enterprises to make quick payments at the receiving end, by combining micro-letters, payment treasures, and the silver union, and facilitates the flow of other financial operations for their friends. The balance can be added to the value of the money through the management of the business, and the difference can be made by helping firms to finance quickly through supply chain finance, thereby helping to close the flow of funds.
By the end of 2018, the company had achieved 150 million yuan in revenue from the payment of services, an increase of 82 per cent over the previous year, a cumulative transaction of 27,86 billion yuan in 2017, and a strong association with business banks in the East, actively expanding the business boundary. In November 2017, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed between friends and business banks.
Both sides will take full advantage of their respective strengths and will continue to provide innovative services to business and public organization clients, and will cooperate in depth in business cash management, enterprise payment settlements, enterprise finance and supply chain finance, innovative services for integrating finance and business with MSMEs clients, and other areas, including financial science and technology, overseas market expansion, consumer finance, etc.
“Cloud transformation + national production” facilitates the use of friend networks across the hundreds of billions of market values Valuation of friend networks using market-based divisional valuation methods, with neutral expectations available, using the total market value 2019/2020/2011 for the cloud services business, in the broader context of the overall cloudization of the industry, with the addition of the “Runerp + iuap cloud platform + smart industry Internet” as a nuclear tool.
In the case of financial operations, which are expected to grow at a high rate of 80 per cent and 70 per cent in 2019-2021, the future is expected to remain a source of financial intelligence in the future, in the light of the growing trend of companies to improve their supply chain and financial services to build a closed financial chain.
For traditional software business, we use the pe valuation method because of its relatively stable profitability. For comparable company stone-based information, wide access, and micro networks, an average market gain of 70 x 55 x 43 x in 2019-2021 is available for industry and 2019 - 2021 for traditional software business in friendly networks. For cloud services and finance, we use the ps valuation method for cloud services because of high growth and low profits in branch industries.
In recent days, the use of friends’ networks has developed deep cooperation with China in a variety of fields: (a) high-end brp areas, where friends have a strong customer base, and (b) where there is a strong client base, the use of friends has been a major source of support.
In June 2019, Hwa erp went to a friend's software park, where he worked with his friends on a number of products, such as a friend's marketing cloud, a synergizing cloud, a tax cloud, and u8clud, which may mean that the two sides will deepen their cooperation in more areas, not even in-house.
In August 2019, in an effort to conclude a cooperation agreement with friends, China is expected to launch a joint solution for large-scale enterprise-level cloud services to replace national production.
At present, in the high-end erp sector, TNCs have an overwhelming advantage, with a sap share of 33%, oracle 20%, and friends only 14%. It is estimated that the future national production replacement space in the high-end area will be about 14 billion/year.
1. Competition in the erp software industry is at a fast-growing stage, with increasing participation in domestic and foreign markets (e.g., large Internet enterprises) and increasing competition, and lack of competitiveness in view of the broad development prospects of the industry and the further opening of domestic capital markets.
Businesses with core advantages will be eliminated from the market. 2) Management risks associated with company size expansion. Companies have continued to grow rapidly since they were listed. Corporate assets, etc., have expanded further, with accelerated M&As and new areas of Internet finance involved, and companies in the future in institution-building, strategic planning, organizational design, business management, etc.
There will be greater challenges to management in areas such as financial management and internal control.
East Hing Securities reports one of the depth reports of the Friends Network (600588): cloud transformation + national production, hundreds of billions of dollars in market-market growth logic.
The research assistant gives an overview of his research opinion. Any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.