I'm sorry, but I can't believe I'm here to talk to you.
In terms of the income structure, interest income is the main driver of income growth, benefiting from the firm’s own advantage in terms of indebtedness (a higher share of deposits).
In terms of fees and commissions, overall performance has been stable, bank cards, electronic banking and hosting operations have grown faster, and agency and financial management have been delayed.
Other non-interest income is affected by exchange gains on a year-on-year basis. In terms of asset position, the asset position has been poor for the past two years and is currently undervalued to suggest investments with “buy-in” investments. 1q2018 net profit yoy increases by 5.43%, and performance is largely in line with expectations: construction banks issue semi-annual reports.
In the first half of 2018, $339.9 billion was realized, yoy increased by 6.1 per cent, net gain by $147.5 billion, yoy higher interest income increased at a faster rate: at the end of income, net interest income was the main contribution, with $23.95 billion recorded in the first half of the year, while yoy increased by 9.9 per cent, driven mainly by interest differentials (nets in the first half of the year).
In terms of non-interest income, there was a decline in the same year, with other non-interest income falling by 8.8 to 31.4 billion, mainly due to lower exchange earnings in the context of high-base periods. The net revenue from fees and commissions increased by 1.4 to 69 billion, with bank cards, e-banking, hosting operations growing faster, and agency and financial operations being largely delayed.
Institutional investors continued to improve and were found to be stringent, with further improvements in the provision coverage: adequate capital in terms of asset quality, with no delay in subsequent development: 1h2018 build core-level capital adequacy, first-level capital
Sufficiency rates and capital adequacy rates recorded at 13.1%, 13.7%, 15.6%, respectively, are higher than the regulatory basis for system follow-up development. Profit forecasting and investment advice: as one of the four major lines, firmness of company operations is currently regulated.
There is some advantage in this context: the high proportion of deposits at the end of the liability (1h2018 deposits/total liabilities of 81%) and the low level of reliance on inter-operability liabilities, which, in the context of financial deleveraging, are better suited to the upward trend in interest rates.
Profit growth is relatively stable, with a share of about 5 per cent, and is somewhat attractive, and continues to be given “buy-in” to “buy-in” companyagechenaresearchedept. (expected return; er) whichever is the case, as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.