There has been a steady improvement in performance, asset quality has remained excellent, the construction of integrated layouts has led, the financial area has been configured to cover multiple sub-areas, and synergies have gradually been highlighted, and the advantages of large clients and government resources have accumulated over the years. Companies have maintained robust performance in the second quarter.
Performance was as expected, with a slight reduction in the difference between the heating charges. The net profit in the first half of 2018, a 6.3% increase in the same year, a 6.8% increase in the same year, and a further increase in the first quarter, with a negative shift in the same rate of revenue, a 3.6 to 1.4% increase over the first quarter, mainly in bank cards and bank cards.
Added to this is the fact that it is mainly influenced by a narrow spread of interest, and our judgment is related to the upward pressure on the end of the debt. Given that the second half of the year is a gradual shift in broad currency to broad credit, the future of the bank’s asset-end pricing or will be downgraded, it is expected that the second half of the construction line will be delayed, but that good cost control on the end of the liability will be achieved.
The growth in the size of the construction bank slowed down in the second quarter, with the median lending ring growing by 2.3% over the first quarter, and the equity equity portfolio declined by 10% and 10%.
In the first half of the year, retail loans grew faster than public loans, of which mortgages and credit cards were the main sources of investment. At the end of the debt, the two-quarter deposit rings grew by 0.4 per cent slightly over the first quarter, but the growth was somewhat weak, but the structure remained excellent, with current deposits taking over.
The quality of the assets remains excellent and the level of coverage of the provision has improved steadily. At the end of the 18th year and 2nd quarter of the construction period, the rate of negative annualization was 1.48 per cent, which we measured was 0.48 per cent for the 2nd quarter, a decline from 19bp, which remained low in absolute terms, and the ratio of loans over 90 days overdue to non-performing loans was only 66 per cent.
In this context, the construction of the bank ' s 2-quarter provision is maintained, with annualized credit costs rising from 7 bp to 0.86% on a one-year basis, boosting the provision coverage and raising the loan allocation ratio, respectively
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, economic downside leading to a deterioration in asset quality, and financial regulation exceeding expectations.
The rate of increase of 3.7 per cent in the quarter continued to rise, with a negative shift in the rate of revenue from fees to fees and 3.6 per cent higher than in the quarter of the year.
At a point to 1.4 per cent structurally, while the impact of the new regulations on the management of income from fiscal operations has declined significantly (47 per cent below the 18h-year limit), the narrow effect of the silver harvest has been that we measure the difference between the two quarters of the construction bank, which is 2.33 per cent (changed accounting standards) and a slight downswing from the first quarter (2.35 per cent), and we judge it to be related to the upward pressure on the end of the liability. Given the gradual transfer of broad currency to broad credit in the second half of the year, banks will be expected to see the difference between the first quarter and the second quarter of the year.
The asset-end pricing may fall, and it is expected that there will be a drag on the second half of the construction line, but with good end-cost control, the absolute level of interest-rate differential will remain at the forefront of the industry.
The pace of growth in the size of the construction bank slowed in the second quarter and the size of interest-bearing assets remained almost at the same level as at the end of the first quarter, with loans growing by 2.3 per cent over the first quarter, equity and portfolio investment assets contracting by 10 per cent and 1 per cent over the first quarter, and resources continued to tilt in favour of credit. Retail lending grew faster than counterpart lending throughout the first half of the year, with mortgages and credit cards being the main investment directions, compared to the beginning of the year.
At the end of the debt, the two-quarters deposit ring showed a small 0.4 per cent increase over the one-quarter period, but the growth was somewhat weak, but the structure remained excellent, the proportion of current deposits remained largely stable (54 per cent), and the cost of deposits was 1.34 per cent at the same level as 17 years. This year's competitive pressure on deposits in the industry was not easy.
At the end of the 18th year, at 1.48 per cent, we measured the company ' s annual negative growth rate of 0.48 per cent in the first quarter of the second quarter of the year, a decline of 19bp over the same period, while the absolute level remained low and the ratio of loans more than 90 days overdue to non-performing loans was only 66 per cent, which remained stringent.
The second quarter of the construction line was maintained, with annualized credit costs rising from 7 bp to 0.86 per cent on a single-season basis and increased by 3.7 pct/3bp to 193 per cent and 2.85 per cent on loan coverage and loan allocation, respectively.
The company’s performance in the second quarter remains robust, asset quality is better than that of its peers, and the company’s Roe leads the big business. I, I, I, I, down the economy, leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to economic development. Economic development at the macro level affects the business and profitability of the real economy, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector.
Well, there is a risk that the quality of banking assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the profitability of banking. Currently, trade friction between Central America and the United States is continuing, macroeconomic economic uncertainty remains to be followed closely by dynamic changes in the economy.
At the same time, the merger of the Bank and the Board will enhance regulatory coherence and coordination, and enhance regulatory effectiveness, and various regulatory rules documents are expected to fall at an accelerated rate. If tight regulations are tightened, industry’s business development may be constrained, thus affecting the rate of net profit growth.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)