The profit growth rate is rising on a seasonal basis, and the pre-repreparation profit (ppop) increase has been restored. The net return profit achieved in the first half of the construction line was $147.03 billion, an increase of 6.3 per cent over the previous quarter.
The profits are 7.1% longer than the year, with an increase of 1.7pc over q1; the rate of Q1 up 9.9% over the year; the rate of Q1 up; and the rate of Q1 up; and the research assistant, Jiang Jiang Song-hoon, 6.1pc. The performance of the core business in the second quarter is driven by good principal charges and net revenue from commissions.
One billion people, up 6.1 per cent from the same year, saw a 4.7 per cent increase in the q2 quarter and a 2.5pc decrease in the rate of growth compared to q1. This is a combination of a narrow second-quarter interest margin and a slower increase in size. Net non-interest income fell by 2.1 per cent from the same period, but the rate of non-interest growth in q2 increased to 3.2 per cent from the same quarter, with a similar ratio of net fees and commissions.
For other non-interest-bearing income, the switch of 19 standards has resulted in interest income on financial instruments being credited to other non-interest income, driving investment returns to $8.3 billion more than in the same period last year.
At the end of the debt, the cost of deposits in the first half of the year increased by only 1 bp to 1 bp over the entire 17-year period.
1.34% remain at a low level in the industry, with a clear comparative advantage in the cost of core debt, which still stands at trillion, a slight decrease of $43.6 billion from the end of March, or a net decrease of more than 100 billion in cash and central bank deposits as a result of the second quarter’s decline in central bank approval. In addition, there was a net reduction of $14 billion in corporate assets in the second quarter.
At the end of June, the size of the deposit was 16,97 trillion, an increase of 65.8 billion from the end of March.
Quality of assets: a differentiation between poor and overdue indicators, and an increase in the poor rate of credit card + consumer loans are cause for concern. The negative rate + interest-type loan ratio is declining, but the indicator for late loans is weak.
The percentage of loans of concern decreased by 1bp to 1.48 per cent and 2.82 per cent, compared to the end of March; the difference between write-offs and transfers was still over 100 per cent, while the ratio of loans over 90 days overdue was still at 152.3 per cent. Consumer letters declined steadily by 6bps at the end of the year; and 2) the rate of non-performing individual loans increased by 3bps, with credit cards not being matched by consumer loans
Quarterly upswing, with a “double-up rate of 20 bps and 35 bps, respectively, with an additional $183.4 billion and $69.4 billion in non-performing loans, which together account for 40 per cent of the total increase, or a weakening of recent consumer consumption and an increase in the risk of consumer financial co-debt.
In the first half of the year, loans are reduced by $81 billion, compared with Piti: higher profits and asset quality before the provision.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: The build bank's profits are repaired at a higher rate before the cut-off in the second quarter of the year, the credit deficit is still more stringent, and non-performing loans cover all overdue loans. At the same time, the provision is stronger and the risk resistance is stronger.
Figure 1: Growth of income and profits from construction banks (millions of yuan) Figure 2: Share of interest and non-interest income from construction banks
Figure 4: Structure of construction bank charges and commission revenue, Figure 3: Structure of construction bank interest income, Figure 5: Portfolio of construction bank assets
Figure 7: Construction of bank loan structure
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board