Gold Dragonfish (300999.sz) incident evaluation report released a 2022 report: $257,490 million in 2022 $10505211005
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn heyh1@cfsc.com.cn — successful withdrawal in 2022, with a profit on cost increases
The increase in the price of some of the products added up, and the increase in the income of the same year; however, the increase in the cost of the original materials has led to a decrease in the rate of the same amount.
But the cost of soybeans and palm oil has increased considerably, and Māori has fallen in comparison with the previous year. The progress of the soybean chefs has accelerated, and in 2023 they continued to improve in the central kitchens of Hangzhou, Chongqing, Heingping, Lodge, Zhouguchi, Shenyang, etc. in 2022
The project will be completed. The future Central Kitchen project will expand further to prefabricated vegetables and student meals, while plans will be made to build a central kitchen park for the chefs at more than 70 existing rice oil production bases throughout the country. As the chef is built, we believe it is possible.
With new performance points, post-influence demand recovery and reduced costs and high size, performance is expected to grow resiliently. Longer, profit elasticity is released.
3 China Securities* Report* Golden Dragonfish (300999): Performance slightly exceeded expectations and expected to accelerate improvement in the second half of the year*
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
To capture short- and medium-term potential shares; to think hard about the white wine plate, and to think deeply and think deeply about the Su wine. What's the word: University of Shandong, Bachelor of Law, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.