The year 2022 was a year of profit pressure, with a marked improvement in the profit ring of q4 - a step-by-step increase in agro-forestry fisheries and agro-processing, with a cost of 3.97 per cent, a 15 per cent reduction over the same period.
In 2022, the company’s kitchen food, feed, was mainly affected by global inflation, the Russian-Turkish conflict, weather, and raw materials such as soybean, palm oil, wheat.
52 weeks of peak/minimum price rises are evident, influenced by weak domestic economies and weak consumption, falling prices of raw materials, such as corporate product prices, lower pressure on corporate costs and positive returns on investment (2022q3 and q4 points)
Instead of realizing investment gains of $180 million and $825 million, the business Māori rate has recovered at the same time (202204 high-end products have grown steadily, and new projects such as the chefs have landed smoothly. Companies have the capacity to extend and diversify their industry chains, and have successfully replicated their experience with cooking oil in small packaging vegetable oils, flour, flour, etc.
In the area of packaging rice, in 2022, the company continued to increase its promotion of high-quality kitchen foods, with a steady increase in sales of high-end products and a sustained improvement in the product structure. In the 2022 double 11 campaign, the company ' s high-end products included Hodge Peanut Oil, Olive Oil in Oliveland, Golden Dragonfish and Rice Five Rice and Golden Dragons.
In addition, the company continued to produce rice, flour, oil, Golden Dragonfish (300999.sz) - 2022h1 profit and q2 cost margins in 2022.
The construction of the new base is expected to take full advantage of economies of scale, making the company's overall logistics, inventory, etc.
Golden Dragonfish - 300999-2021: Short-term net profit pressure, plus central cost reduction, maximization of efficiency and further consolidation of cost advantages in the context of high raw materials.
The advantages of “strong brands + multichannels + low costs” are obvious. The kitchen food leader is well-established, looking for long-term development.
Because of global inflation, the conflict in the Russian Federation and weather, the price of raw materials such as soybean, palm oil, wheat and soybean oil, and the weakness of the domestic economy and consumption, the price of the company’s products has not been adjusted to cover the full cost of raw materials, ultimately leading to a reduction in the company’s Māori rate.
With the fall in the price of raw materials such as soybeans, palm oil, the return on corporate investment was reversed (q3 and q4 achieving investment returns of 180 million yuan and $825 million respectively), the business Māori rate recovered (q4 single-season Māori ratio ratio + 207 pct), and figure 2: Golden Dragonfish single-season operating income and speed of increase (in billions, per cent)
Figure 4: Golden Dragonfish a single season net profit and increase (in billions, per cent) The kitchen food business grew by 10.67 per cent in 2022, and the national layout, multi-grade, multi-brand, multi-channel drive a steady expansion of the overall scale.
Capabilities, experience with cooking oil have been successfully replicated in small packagings of vegetable oil, flour, rice, etc. The market share of modern channels has been ranked first in all three categories in the last three years, while companies are expanding new areas such as spices, yeasts, solar goods, vegetable meat, and central kitchens. We believe that companies have passed through the extension of the industrial chain.
It is expected that the existing situation will be better integrated and synergized, with long-term development in the new product category. Figure 5: Growth rate of gold dragonfish sub-operations (in %) Figure 6: Ratio of gold dragonfish sub-business operations (in %)
The financial cost rate is 0.28% (+140.64pp). Against the backdrop of high prices of raw materials, companies maximize efficiency and economies of scale through large conglomerates, bringing industrial chains up and down to a production base, thereby reducing overall logistics and inventory costs while sharing infrastructure, energy supply, logistics
Net operating cash flows are smoother and receivables and inventory turnover are more stable. In 2022, sales received $27.505 billion (+12.88 per cent) in cash flow, with steady growth and operational liquidity.
Net gold flows of $725 million (same as in the previous year), mainly due to the expansion of corporate operations and the rise in raw materials prices, resulting in an increase in purchases. In addition, in 2022, in terms of major liquidity, the number of working days of accounts receivable was shown as Figure 10: Main liquidity of Golden Dragonfish.
Investment recommendations: The company is a good quality growth indicator for management, the advantages of “strong brands + multiple channels + low costs” are evident, kitchen foods have a strong leader, and diverse new business such as rice, noodles, spices, central kitchens have a meta, corresponding to a "buy-in" rating of 62/50/41x.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject