The company's incident assessment report for the Golden Dragonfish (30099.sz) was published in 2022: $257,490 million in 2022.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn has a steady increase in income, a slight increase in profits, a rise in the volume of major products, and the Goossip Girl project continues to advance.
For the whole year, 15.7 billion yuan, or 10.7 per cent, was collected from kitchen food camps; 98.661 billion yuan, or 19.5 per cent, was collected from sales of 2,145.2 million materials and fat technology; 236.21 million tons were sold; 1647 new units were added. At the same time, short-term vouchers and medium-term bills were to be issued, respectively.
It is expected that in 2023, the bases for the production of the chefs will be completed, as will Shenyang, Shenyang, and the galleries, and that the cooks will continue to be able to create new performance points that will require recovery and lower costs and advantages of scale in the wake of the epidemic.
Receivers, watch as business continues to improve 2023-3, Golden Dragonfish (300999): hundreds of billions of grain oil, rice-faced dragonheads, heads on a new journey, 2022-3.
▪ The Food Beverage Group introduced Sunshan: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, etc.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the U.S.S. securities, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has a deep marketed mind and insight into the Su wine.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or not for, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.