Shinjishan Witness, Hale Jishu (600,690.sh) has continued to optimize the product structure and drive the intelligent family scene to its full potential.
30 April 2020 Corporate business income of 2007 62 million yuan in 2019, an increase of 9.05 per cent over the previous year, achieved \triangleright
In the first quarter of 2020, the company achieved a continuous increase in the market share of the company’s main product and optimized the product array.
In 20 years, the size of the q1 refrigerator was $13 billion, a decline of 28% from the same year, but the leading brand was anti-risk market data: 29 April 2020, with relatively strong capacity, the top3 brands have increased further.
Hale refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioners, water heaters, retail sales of cooking power increased by 2.6, 4.4, Circulationa share/total stock (billions): 3.3, 6, 1.3 percentage points; on-line market, Hale refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioners, water heaters, etc.
The share of retail distribution of cooking power rose by 5.9, 5.6, 4.1, 2.1, and 0.4 percentage points respectively.
Billion dollars, 36% less than the same year, and product upgrades are concentrated in the market for a drying-up machine. Helga leads the market, optimizes product arrays, popularizes health-type household electricity, analyses the platform's upgrades and the rapid rotation of the net, and it's 19 years old.
Undistributed profits per share: All-house healthy scenes. Full-scale promotion of intelligent family scenes to achieve value empowerment.
cfa is the core enabling platform for the continuous optimization of the 5+7+n intelligent family scene experience based on data, devices, scenes from "linking intelligence to interactive intelligence to decision-making intelligence"
Real-time connections, introduction of ecological resources, personalization of customized services for users to add value to their operations.
In March, Hair Jipp’s number of months of activity increased by the same amount.
Intercentre, 7th floor, 483 per cent, with 172 per cent increase in the number of Internet users.
In 19 years, the company was able to achieve a significant improvement in its business performance through a transition to middle- and high-level leadership, channel retailing in all markets around the world. Overseas revenues were $94.1 billion a year, a 22% increase compared to the previous year, and overseas revenues accounted for the company’s total revenue.
The share of revenue is 47%, an increase of 5 percentage points. Companies are moving on-line to high-end sales, pushing forward a broad range of health products, with 20q1 companies growing by 8.5% overseas, with major markets performing better than local industries, and market share keeping up.
The epidemic led to a decline in demand in the global consumer market, slow development of the intellectual platform, price of raw materials, and an independent and objective presentation of the present report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.