Merger and purchase of gold and copper smelting capacity to enhance the potential of the main business - The Jiang Xi copper industry (600362), which published its annual report for 2018 on the evening of 27 March.
215,289 million yuan, an increase of 4.99 per cent in the same year; the net return profit of 2,447 million yuan, an increase of 52.43 per cent in the same year.
The cost of the industry is affected by factors such as rising raw materials prices, which have led the company to assume the level of Maori in its main business portfolio. According to the annual report, in terms of return on investment, the hedge income of the main commodities was $591 million, a loss of $450 million over 17 years, making a profit.
An increase of 30.71% is a certain drag on performance. On the back of the business cost increase that is higher than the growth in operating income, Research Assistant Sun Woo-Sun further deploys the precious metals sector to enhance the potential of the gold copper business.
During the reporting period, the company announced its intention to acquire shares in Heng State, which for 17 years produced 38.50 tons of gold, 550.85 tons of silver, 1,443 million tons of copper and 122.08 million tons of sulphuric acid. Heng State had 16 gold mining rights, 21 prospecting rights, and identified gold reserves as approximately 5.60 per cent of the country ' s gold reserves. This acquisition enhanced the company ' s copper reserves.
Research Assistant: Xue Shaoyang’s business is powerful, while promoting the company’s presence in the field of precious metals. Considering Powell’s recent hint of a long-term moratorium on interest hikes and dollar indexes, there is a downward trend in the rate of return on US national debt, and a long-term trend towards Lido valuables.
In addition to macro-environmental easing, the cumulative decline in waste copper imports in February was 37.73% on a year-on-year basis, the perturbation of the Chilean copper industry’s wage negotiations, and the deterioration of the copper supply and demand gap. So we look forward to the potential of the gold and copper industry.
1. The Jiangxi copper industry (600362) reported a year-on-year assessment of the relatively strong by-products of its own production, the higher-than-expected decline in metal prices, the slower-than-expected completion of the project and the higher-than-anticipated decline in downstream demand.
Jong-chuk, Dean of the Graduate Institute of the People’s Solidarity President’s Assistant & Research Institute, and after a Ph.D. in Financial Mathematics, Vanderbilt University, Johns Hopkins University, Bachelor of Arts, Sun Woo-sun, Master of Arts, Beijing University, Joined the Non-ferrous Metals Industry and Corporate Studies in 2017. Xuesiaoyang, Bachelor of Actuarial Science and Master of Financial Mathematics, University of Monas, Australia, in Non-ferrous Metals Industry and Corporate Studies.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.