Jiangxi Copper Industry (600362). Performance met expectations, resource M&A up by 4.99 per cent in the same year; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was 2,447 million yuan, and the three-month copper price of lme in 2018 was $6,543 per ton per year, up by the same year.
5.6% of the production of corporate cathode copper and copper-processing products increased by the same percentage, leading to higher corporate revenue and net profits, and the company's performance was largely in line with our expectations. Quality production sustained growth, but the Māori rate declined.
Copper production rose by 6.51 per cent to 146.37 million tons, copper-processing products by 1,170.6 million tons, an increase of 3.08 per cent, and copper-containing production in copper concentrates by almost the same amount. As a result of the global slowdown in regenerative energy and the weakening of copper demand, the company ' s main product Māori rate declined.
• Higher R & D and financial costs, with significant hedging gains. In 2018, corporate R & D was a hedged futures smoother.
In March 2019, the company proposed to acquire 29.99% of the shares of the listed company, Heng State, to improve the layout of the gold industry. On the overseas market, the company created a reserve of African mining companies.
The company is China’s largest copper-producing base, the largest integrated copper-producing enterprise in the country, with copper in its annual production.
More than 200,000 tons. The company’s Devon copper mining costs are ahead, the unit cash costs are lower than the industry average, the prices of copper are higher during the boom cycle, with few large-scale mining plans, and global copper production is expected to increase at a rate in 2019.
At around 2.7 per cent, the rate of growth is at a historically low level, benefiting from high domestic hyper-pressure construction and high growth in the production of new energy vehicles, relatively stable copper demand, a tight balance between copper supply and demand, an upward trend in copper prices, and a potential benefit for mineral copper enterprises.
In the first place, in the context of rising copper prices, the company's business performance will be more flexible, maintaining a “precautionaryly recommended” investment rating. (2) Copper mines will be significantly expanded; (3) profits from copper processing products from companies will be significantly reduced;
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.