East Asia curities Qin Railway (601006.sh)
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry averages
Intramone markets pose a risk of diversion from the Qin line: but the unit fee for the line is higher, the whole shipment is less competitive, the short-term diversion of coal will slow, but attention will need to be paid to the long-term marketization of prices, repayment pressure, and the risk of post-competitive enhancement: the schollow line is based on the advantage of the distance and the god of its parent company.
The Chinese Group ' s integrated coal electric transport model is extremely competitive, but its production capacity at the port of Yuzhmorgeologiya has been limited, and there has been an increase in the volume of syllable lines, which, according to the four-stage construction cycle of the port, are expected to lead to a three-to-four-year period of coal (design capacity of 100 million tons), with short-term syllable lines still facing bottlenecks.
The risk of diversion in the current period of the Qin line is reduced.
“Short season of coal transport in one quarter, year-on-year price increases determined – Qin Railway Company's rating, 7 to 43 per cent, with shorter distances affected by these routes.
2017/102. The recovery of the price increase, the volume of which has been confirmed, is to be shipped to the Kyunjin area of about 100 million tons of coal, 50% of which is expected to be consumed in the provinces of the pipeline and converted to full range, with road distribution expected to be overstretched to 20-30 million tons of coal per year.
Qualitative event - Tianjin Railways Review, which began in late April, prohibits the receipt of coal from the Tianjin port, of which about 20 million will be transported from fire to Tianjin.
Hong Kong, the Qin line benefits less from technical and administrative problems: another 20 million tons will be diverted from other railway lines to other ports, with priority given to the Qin line.
(2) The coal market structure optimizes the “trixies” of quality coal, and the trend leads to a convergence of transport resources 5.
The “3 West” coal production ratio will rise from 59% to 63% in 2015, and the Great Qin line will serve as the main route for the “3 West” coal outbound, with medium-term high growth in demand for transport or deviation from the overall industry. Meanwhile, a full return in coal growth will begin this period, future price and demand fluctuations will slow down, and rail transport will slow down.
The company's prices are set to rise year-round, and the basics are fully restored. The return of road coal and the optimal coal market help Su Bao-hyang.
Coal demand continues to be weak: railway reform is not as strong as expected: there is a severe diversion of the line of hope. The country has a pattern of transportation between the North and the West – where the main coal producers are concentrated in Xinjiang, Inner Mongolia, and the West – in terms of the national coal production and consumption regions.
The provinces of Shanxi, Shaanxi and Henan, which are also the main coal-exporting provinces, most of which have more coal-consuming economic development, such as electricity and steel, are mainly located along the south-east coast. There is demand for long-distance transport of coal due to natural geographical differences in the provinces producing coal and consuming coal.
Figure 1: Distribution of exports from coal provinces nationwide Figure 2: Imports from coal provinces throughout the country
• In terms of modes of transport, railways are the most important means of transportation for long-distance transport of coal. In 2015, the country ' s rail cargo amounted to 2.7 billion tons, of which 1.43 billion tons, or 53 per cent, was transported, and this represents a steady increase over the trend of almost 10 years; national coal production in 2015
It is 3.68 billion tons, including 2 billion tons of coal from railways and more than 50 per cent of all coal transport from rails, and the north-south corridor of coal transport is made up of the line of Kyoto, the line of Kyoto, the line of Kyoto, the line of Kyoto and the line of Great China.
The main role of rail is to transport coal directly from its source to the southern provinces, while the main role of rail coal transport is the east-west route, mainly through the iron-water connection, which transports coal from its origin by rail to the port, and from the port to the south. The east-west route is the east-west route.
It is divided into North, Central, and South corridors depending on the direction and product to which it is sent. Coal transport is not subject to particularly high prescription requirements, and coal logistics costs typically amount to about 50% of the final sale price of coal, so transport costs for choosing the route of transport, from where the coal is produced to where it is needed.
The lowest line has a competitive advantage. We chose the q5,500 power coal from Shanxi and Shanxi in April 2017, which was eventually transported to Guangzhou Port, for example, at a pit price of $450/t, at a cost of $55/t on the train from the pit to the point of delivery.
The cost of the port railways is approximately $95 per ton, the cost of maritime transport is about $150 per ton, and the cost of logistics is about $300 per ton, or more than 60% of the price of the pits, of which the cost of the gas + train transport accounts for about 30% of the price of the pits.
The company accounts for about 80% of the total business of the main company, including coal, which accounts for about 90% of the total delivery of goods, cargo along the line and cargo week.
About 58% of the company’s turnover, or 70% of the coal shipment. So the company’s operating position directly affects 50% of the company’s operating income and Mäori.
But since 2015, the domestic coal market has been depressed, increasing the impact of the new railway diversions along the Qin line, and the past undersupply has gradually turned into oversupply.
The risk of revenue from the Qin line has shifted from a lack of capacity to an underutilized capacity. Figure 8: The Qin line begins in Da-Tokang, Shanxi Province, and ends up in the city of Qin, Hebei Province, 653 km long.
The coal railway transports an important part of the north corridor in the east-west corridor. Direct competition with the Qin line is made mainly by the proximity of the yellow line and the clairvoyant line, which also constitute the three main main routes for the transport of coal out of the “Twiss-West” region.
Transport costs and associated port-related costs. In railway cost convenience, two main variables are considered: 1. per unit charge 2. Delivery to port distance; rail-related freight costs include, on a unit price basis, freight prices plus Electrification plus iron construction fund plus stamp duty;
The railway authorities still have the autonomy to adjust their prices. By their nature, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Q, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, the Qin, Q, the Qin, the Qin, Q, the Qin, the Qin, Qin, Qin, the Q, Q, the Q, Q, the Q, the Qin, Q, the Q, Q, Q, Q, Qin, the Q, Q, Q, Qin, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, the Q, Q, Q, Q, the Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, the Q, Q, Q, Q, the Q, the Q, is the Q, the Q, is the T, is the T, is the Q, is the T, is the T, is the joint, the joint, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, the
In terms of recent prices issued by railway authorities, there is no significant difference in unit prices between the Qin line and the Qin yellow line. From the distance, the three main roads are mainly competitive with the Sengbei and Inner Mongolia coal markets. For example, in 2015, approximately 300 million tons of the Qin line came from the Tanbei market and a large portion of the remaining 100 million tons.
There is a direct competition with Qin in the Tan north market between the Qin and the Qin line, which is approximately 600 to 700 kilometres away from the port. On a unit basis, there is no clear price advantage between the Qin and Qin lines in this market, but due to the length of time that the Qin line is in use, the customers are aware of the fact that the Qin line is in use.
There is now a major risk of diversion from the gate of the Qin market, which leads to a serious diversion of the Qin line from the coal outside the market. (1) The Qin line opened at the end of 2015, and since then the whole line of hope, which is part of the bag line, the Qing line, has been opened.
Gueldos and Cao Cao Cao: from a distance of 987 km, about 100 km from the port of Kyobau-Qin-Qin, the difference in unit prices between the two routes is not very large, so there's not a single line.
With a strong competitive advantage, it was only 20 million tons in 2016, but with the marketization of freight prices and reduced pressure to repay the loan, the short distance of the line did not preclude its being competitive in the long run, with a long-term design capacity of 200 million tons/year.
In contrast, the opening of the quasi-pool line has allowed the opening of the shoal line to extend further into western Inner Mongolia, while the “priming pool-shok-yellow port” under the monsi coal has been reduced by about 100 kilometers from the shipping distance of the “promising-Tai Qin-King island” per ton of coal.
The cost of shipping fell by about $20. The new railways, such as the Shinhua Group, which were built by the Schollite Mother Company, were put into operation, further facilitating the connection of the Scholl Railway to coal production sites, and enhancing the transport capacity of the Scholl Railway: the Schollow Group ' s business model for coal transmission integration gave Scholl the Scholl Road a new business model.
Comparative advantages, which led to the diversion of approximately 30 million tons of the Qin line in 2016 by the Scholl Line. Chart 9: The coal transport patterns of the North Route Railways and the coal transport capacity of the ports connected with the railways sometimes constrains the capacity of the railways to transport.
The port community in the Yonghai region transports about 600 million tons of coal per year, while it transports about 750 million tons of coal from the three main railway main lines, and since the capacity of railways and ports does not reach full capacity throughout the year, it can be measured that the proportion of water and coal transported in the railways along the northern route is about 70-80%.
The Qin line and the line of call are now capable of transporting coal to the port, and the capacity of the port is limited, with the construction of new projects lasting three to four years. The Quang line corresponds to the Yellow Line, with a capacity of only 183 million tons per year, and only about 250 million tons of coal can be secured on the Quang line throughout the year.
From 2016 data, the maximum monthly amount of coal transport at the port was approximately 15 million tonnes/month, maintained at that level from March to December, with no breakthroughs even in the end of the season. This suggests that the port has limited port desorption capacity, and that acceptable coal shipments may have reached the ceiling if
There are 17 coal berths in the coal phase-to-coal phase four project, which is planning five coal phases, designed to reach 100 million tons. According to the coal four-stage construction cycle, the engineering design is about 50 million tons.
Construction began in April 2013, construction at the dock was completed at the end of November 2013 and the construction at the end of December 2014 was delivered through the completion of the inspection and commissioning process, with a duration of approximately two years. Thus, the five phases of coal are expected to last up to three to four years, leaving a short-term problem of capacity constraints in the port.
In view of the regional competition, the Great Qin has a pre-emptive advantage in the Tungbei region; in the inner Mongol region, there is a risk of diversion of resources and price advantages.
The port will continue to have limited capacity and short-term risks in three to four years. So future regional demand for coal and carbon transport will grow, and the Qin line will benefit from priority.
The demand for power from industrial heating boosters, and the dominance of short-term fire power, continues.
Uncertainty, such as water levels, is currently generating less than 20% of the country's electricity annually, and electricity from fire continues to be the main contributor to electricity generation throughout the country. Moreover, hydropower has a clear seasonal and annual pattern, and monthly precipitation is lower than in the same period last year, taking into account the experience of precipitation “years and years” and this year's pyrotechnic rate.
In the long run, coal power generation will be replaced by clean energy sources, depending on a number of factors, such as environmental protection, but in the short term, the increase in power generation remains the highest, and there has been an upward trend in recent years. This year, the country’s macroeconomic environment has been judged to be in the best position as an economic light.
Tables of industrial power use are also expected to rise, boosting coal demand. Data for the first quarter show that the value added of industries of national size and above rose by 7.6 per cent over the same period, up from 2 years; pmi chart 12, March: the share of electricity generated by all forms of power in the country
Figure 13: Year-on-year increase in electric power and hydroelectric power generation Figure 14: monthly electricity and electricity generation Figure 15: Additional capacity of generators
In the past few years, as a result of rising rail prices, falling oil prices and the gradual erosion of the comparative advantage of rail transport over road transport, as well as the flexible and door-to-door advantages of road transport, the public has been able to do so in recent years.
Road coal transport is also gaining momentum, and based on the results of the national road transport price and cost test published by the Ministry of Transport, the average reasonable transport cost for the entire vehicle is 0.233-0.424 km/ton, with 30 tons of coal on board.
The above-type transport costs averaged 0.315-0.375 km/ton and the longer the cost of transport, of which 41.2 per cent were spent on oil, the unit cost of road coal transport is approximately two times the cost of a train coal transport unit, but road transport is more likely to be available for small quantities and shorter distances.
• The price of oil fell sharply in 2016, and the price of the domestic diesel market fell by about 10% the year in question; one of them was
The fall of 17 per cent and 19 per cent in the same year in the quarter and the second quarter was about 5 to 10 per cent in the price of road coal; in the first half of 2016, according to the China Coal Market Network, when oil prices were low, coal in the Tianjin port was 5 to 10 yuan less than the price per ton of iron coal. This resulted in a significant increase in road coal transport in the first half of the year.
In 2016, 56 million tons of coal were pumped into the port of Tianjin, an increase of about 40 per cent compared to the previous year.
Tons, in addition to the increase in the number of vehicles required to transport a certain quantity of goods, and in an effort to reduce the low load, the cost of the goods has also started to increase; for example, the price offered for the road transport from Xiangyang to Tianjin was approximately $200 per ton before the road was overtreated, the cost of the treatment increased to 240 to tons, an increase of about 20 per cent, and the number of trucks that were needed was added to the requirements.
Road transport costs are expected to increase by about 30%. Within 10 days of implementation, coal road transport prices ranged from 7 to 43%, and the shorter the distance, the larger the price. Road transport has less advantage over rail transport.
Large, the “trixis” coal road outbounds mainly via the Kyoto high-speed, and it is calculated that there are about 12,000 vehicles in Kyoto high-speed daily, 90 per cent of which are expected to transport coal, with about 26-35 tons per vehicle, and 300 days per year, so about 100 million tons of coal are expected to be transported out of Kyoto high-speed.
Half of this amount is expected to be consumed in the transit provinces and converted to a full distance, with an expected spread of 20-30 million tons of iron from the treated super-inflicted sections of the road, which will benefit mainly from the saturation of production capacity due to the impact of the yellow line on the port of entry.
The average reasonable transport cost ($/km/tm) between different transport ranges of 30 tons or more in coal transport costs (2) The port of Tianjin prohibits the receipt of gas coal.
By the end of July of this year, Tianjin Harbour stopped trans-shipment of coal by Tang Tang Railway via Tang Shan Harbour: by the end of September, coal from all central ports in Tianjin and Hebei was transported by rail.
In 2016, the port of Tianjin received about 56 million tons of coal, and the entire area of the Rim Sea is under water.
Sixty-five million tons of coal, which is expected to be diverted to other ports or transported by train after environmental policies have landed. As Tianjin port is a comprehensive port, it is possible to achieve a pattern of coal/ferrous ore entering and leaving the port, better than the pattern of re-empting in other regions, and to some extent to compensate for the train.
It is less likely to transit through the two railways because of the technical and administrative complexity of the yellow line, the Qin line and the port of Tianjin.
The Tianjin railway, which is linked to the port, is expected to be capable of operating 20 million tons/year, leaving about 20 million tons to be diverted to the Qin and Scholl Lines, and eventually to be flooded by other ports.
Annual traffic on the Qin line is expected to increase by 30-40 million tons, to produce capacity or to upgrade the “trixies” ratio of good-quality coal, and to optimize the rational planning of coal transport resources.
Coal can be produced mainly in small and medium-sized coal mines and zombie enterprises, mainly in high-sulphur ash/resource depletion/indebted mines. The size of the withdrawal is as follows:
Less than 1 million tonnes, Shanxi/Nin Mongolia/Zanxi being a coal-producing province with a relatively large degenerative capacity. However, in terms of the distribution of total coal production capacity, the “trixis” accounted for 59% of the country's coal production in 2015 and the “trixis” of coal by 2020, without taking into account the additional capacity, according to the plan.
Carbon production accounts for about 63 per cent of the country's production capacity, an increase in the proportion. So the end result will be coal. Carbon production will be concentrated in high-quality production, so even if coal will be hit by clean energy in the future, production will slow down, but the demand for coal in the “trixies” is expected to deviate from industry in the medium term because of its high quality.
In April 2017, the National Development and Reform Commission issued a circular on accelerating the conclusion and strict implementation of medium- and long-term contracts for coal, which states that it is necessary to ensure that long-term contracts in annual coal contracts account for more than 75% of supply or purchase.
Losing companies have also begun to participate in the Association, and on 8 February the Sanxipan Railways, together with the three major coal companies and 10 downstream companies, signed a tripartite contract for the direct transport of coal railways from Shanxi to Shanxi in 2017. The seasonal and cyclical low seasons of the coal market are evident, often leading to an imbalance between coal supply and demand, and railways.
Issues such as inadequate use of transport capacity or insufficient capacity in the transport market. The length of coal power helps to stabilize and maintain the coal market. The length of coal in the forward period is limited to quantities, and the long term agreement, which was signed at the end of last year, is quantified and priced.
Large, distant, fast-repaying customers give a certain amount of concessions. So, subject to medium-term conditions, future fluctuations in coal prices and demand for coal will be smooth, and rail transport can be handled well in advance.
▪ Income projections: about 80 per cent of the company ' s principal revenue comes from freight revenues, about 10 per cent from passenger receipts and the remaining 10 per cent from other business revenues. According to historical data, about 80-90 per cent of the company ' s cargo is coal, while 75 per cent of coal is left
The amount to the right is contributed by the Qin line, and 90% of the coal to transport on the Qin line is in-house, and we estimate the volume of cargo to be carried by companies throughout the year based on this historical data. The daily amount of saturation on the Qin line is around 1.2 million tonnes/day, so the annual amount of saturation is about the same.
In the first half of the year, affected by diversions and the low coal market, the average daily traffic was between 850,000 and 900,000 tons, while the second half was affected by winter heating, public road management and port replenishments, and by 1.2 million tons per day by the end of the year.
The average daily traffic on the Qin line averaged 1.15 million tonnes per day per quarter, an increase of 26% from the same year. We believe that the large increase in this period is due mainly to (i) the early spring season and the subsequent resumption of work by the factory enterprises, which is evident from the fall of the spring season, and to a similar increase in coal demand. (2) Rainfall this year.
As a result, hydroelectric power generation declined on a year-on-year basis, indirectly stimulating the increase in demand for electricity. According to cctd, electricity generated by power plants of national size and above fell 4.7% on a year-on-year basis in January-February, while electricity generated by electricity generated by fire was affected by a trend of less diversionary effects, better roads, a ban on gas from the port of Tianjin, and longer coal.
The Qin line is expected to maintain transport levels of 1.1 million tonnes per day in April-October, and to reach winter traffic of more than 1.2 million tonnes per day, making it estimated that 400 million tonnes per year of coal will be transported on the Qin line throughout the year.
▪ Cost-side: 65 per cent of the company's asset-intensive enterprises, with little annual fluctuations, out of business costs, which continue to grow at around 2 per cent (work-cost increases, etc.) and floating costs, which rise at the income-end rate — we expect the company to return to $10.6 billion net profit in 2017, valued at the current share pricepe
The whole site is on a downward path, with coal prices starting to decline in the fourth quarter of 2011, with the whole industry showing a greater supply than demand, resulting in large losses for coal companies. So, in terms of the company ' s continuing decline in low valuation (excluding 15 years of cattle disruption), the market as a whole is showing a large industry.
The long-term pessimism is expected. (1) National supply-side reforms started in 2016, resulting in a marked decline in coal production and a recovery in coal prices; in the long run, the “triximous” share of the high-quality coal market will rise, so the Great Qin line will be used as the “triximous” coal even in the context of controlling the overall consumption ratio of coal.
The overall increase in traffic is positive for important routes out of the country. (2) Under the influence of Kyoto's policy of environmental control of the atmosphere, the ban on the region's gas is expected to be long-term planning, perhaps not only in the future, but also in the ports, where it is prohibited to receive gas, the roads around it are or will be restricted; and the roads are over-exposed to transport coal at a very high price.
The railway will benefit from the long-term diversion of coal by road. So, on the whole, the Qin line has long-term transport barriers, with a 14-fold valuation (negatively low level, the 2010 optimistic market is expected to be 18-20, figure 26: historical valuation of Qin).
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the results of the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years in comparison with the average value of the listed companies in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.