The new standards have led to a decline in corporate performance, and the implementation of new income standards has led to a decline in corporate net profits. The main reason for the decline in corporate performance is the implementation of new revenue standards, revenue from self-developed software products and custom software revenues.
The percentage completion method has been adjusted to recognize revenue when customers gain control over the goods in question, thereby slowing the rate of increase in revenue. As a result of the introduction of new accounting standards in q3 in 2020, the new calculus co-owners had previously launched a large-scale employee holding scheme to help companies develop in the long term, while the company buys back.
The plan is still in progress. The total number of staff members proposed for subscription is not more than 5,500, of whom no more than 16 are company directors, supervisors and senior managers, and the total number of subscriptions is not more than 7.09 million, representing 7.09 per cent of the total share in the plan; the number of other employees is not more than 6.09 per cent.
5484 persons, or 92.91 per cent of the total share capital of the employee holding scheme, were accepted for a total of not more than 9.291 million shares. This large-scale employee holding scheme will create a well-developed long-term incentive mechanism to fully mobilize senior and middle-level managers, core cadres, and contribute to the long-term development of the company.
At the same time, the company plans to repurchase shares from its own funds by means of a centralized competitive transaction for the employee’s shareholding scheme, which amounts to $600-800 million and does not exceed $120/share.
Long-term Development 2020-12-10: The financial front line continues to improve. The domestic capital market policy dividend is far from over, and it will continue to benefit as the head of the domestic portfolio. The company’s digital transition has accelerated, in the first half of the year.
During the year, the company acquired Guangzhou Anzheng software to supplement the related business capabilities of the data center, while collaborating strategically with the open financial base of Finastra to purchase and localize the Fusioninvest product.
Wide, building up a country-specific portfolio management system. In data operations, companies have accelerated the pace of digital transformation, new data operations centres and new financial content operations have been established, and business has recovered better and faster in a single quarter.
Increased input from central sources, gtn, data center, and a number of new productions in the field of data. According to the digitalized rhythm of business 2020, the digital product is now on the ground.
The Global Distribution Technology Platform, which provides overseas capital for direct investment in the Chinese market and the worldwide issuance of renminbi bonds, has an investment advisory board on securities with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.