The main board and the mid-boards started to merge, and the technology adaptation needs started to release - the Hennessing Electronics (600570) event evaluation.
The Shenzhen Stock Exchange launched the merger on its official website on 5 February 2021, with its main board working with the mid-boards, and its News Speaker responding to the merger board's arrangement with the mid-boards.
Market value in circulation (million yuan): The merger of the master board with the mid-board is an important step in the CSRC’s overall deepening of capital market reforms. The merger will result in a market pattern dominated by the master board and the start-up board, and a merger arrangement.
Comply with “two uniform, four unchanged” rules of business, and a uniform operating regulatory model. According to the Department of Public Information, companies hold 50% of the market in the securities central trading system, 83% in the funds investment trading system, 92% in the insurance investment trading system, accompanied by 92% in the insurance trading system.
As capital market reforms move forward, the systems of securities, funds, insurance, etc., need to be upgraded accordingly, and companies are expected to benefit fully from higher market rates.
Under the guidance of the CSRC, the CSRA will adapt the rules of business, market products, technology systems, and distribution to the market.
Technological adaptation of market-related systems such as companies, dealers, etc.; current, in-house technology.
Performance forecasting points: performance meets expectations and new standards slow revenue growth, which takes approximately two months to complete; overall, the core trading system is largely unaffected, the overall technical adaptation works and inputs are modest, and the merger has less impact on the technology system across the market.
Repurchase of shares by the Société générale d ' éducation et d ' éducation d ' éducation d ' éducation d ' éducation d ' éducation d ' éducation d ' éducation d ' Enseignement -- Hensen Electronic (600,570.sh) in the third quarter of 2020 was progressing well, reaching cumulatively 49,645,663 shares by the end of January 2021.
On 8 December 2020, the company held a 15th session of its Board of Directors and considered and adopted the Repurchase of Company Stock from its own funds up to RMB 800 million. The Repurchase Period is limited to 12 months from the date of the Board’s consideration of the adoption of the Repurchase Scheme. As of January 2021
At the bottom of the list, the company has accumulated 4964563 shares, representing 0.475% of the company's total stock. This has been accompanied by the rapid development of China's capital markets, and the financial sector has reached a high growth cycle.
Chen Tunan has more and more investment and full costing, low net profitability, and the ps valuation method is reasonable. By way of improvement, the industry will remain high, and the valuation level is expected to be maintained, maintaining the company ' s 2021 25-fold view.
The macroeconomic downside affects the input of downstream customers; financial science and technology policies fall short of expectations; new product R & D and market diffusion fall short of expectations; industry competition increases and overall profitability of the industry declines.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.