Performance meets expectations and new standards slow income growth -- performance forecast for 2020 for Permanent Electronics (600570).
The impact of the profits was approximately $5.7513 million, mainly due to a change in the scope of the combined statements for 2020, the Ministry of Finance's request that the company implement new revenue guidelines in 2020 and adjust the revenue from self-developed software products and custom software to the customer's share of the original completion method.
The rate of income growth has slowed as a result of the timing of the control of the goods in question. The draft Staff Holdings Plan 2020 was published, which is expected to mobilize motivation and creativity. On the evening of 8 December 2020, the company released the draft Staff Holdings Plan 2020.
The shareholding plan proposes to subscribe to no more than 10 million shares, representing 0.96 per cent of the current total equity of the company.
Shares, representing 7.09% of the total share in the employee ' s shareholding scheme; other employees, not exceeding 5484, totaled 9.291,000 shares, or 92.91% of the total share capital of the employee ' s shareholding plan, were purchased in 2020 by the Société Général de Sécurité -- Hensen Electronics (600.570.sh).
Quarterly review: significant growth in contractual liabilities, good real business performance. Total fund-raising was capped at $453.2 million.
Full implementation of the stock issue registration system, increasing demand for it, is expected to be released gradually. The Party's 19th plenary session proposed full implementation of the stock issue registration system, the establishment of a normal de-market system, and an increase in the share of direct financing. This is the battle for high-quality development of capital markets during the 14th Five-Fifteenth Century.
According to the company, the market is 50% in the securities centralization system market, 83% in the fund investment trading system market, and insurance investments.
In the trading system market, where the market share of companies is 92 per cent, coupled with the introduction of a comprehensive registration system, the relevant int systems of securities, funds, insurance etc. need to be upgraded and companies are expected to benefit fully from higher market rates.
With the rapid development of China's capital markets, the financialit industry has reached a high growth cycle, and among companies, the industry will remain high, and the valuation level is expected to be maintained, giving the company 25 times the value of 2021.
The macroeconomic downside affects the input of downstream customers; financial science and technology policies fall short of expectations; new product R & D and market diffusion fall short of expectations; industry competition increases and overall profitability of the industry declines.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.