Performance meets expectations, changes in standards affect visual data Permanent electronics (600577.sh) Realising a net return profit of about 811 million yuan, an increase of 32.54 per cent over the year; q4 deducting a non-returned net profit of about 4.03 per cent
The \triangleright 3-year report confirms revenue recognition from the percentage of completion to the point of control of the relevant commodity is comparable. We used sales to collect cash flow, contract liability increases, etc. for companies.
In the first three quarters of the year, income was reduced at a rate of between 16 and 27%, well above the three seasons, with an additional 1,500 personnel recruited over 21 years, close to 20% faster, owing to the company’s constant demand for new business openings. Of these, research and development focused on big data, container clouds, etc., and the business category was urgently needed.
Solution specialists, project managers, etc. We believe that the massive expansion of company staff is a sign of the high demand downstream and the continued demand for new orders, while also reflecting the expectations of the company for the future of the industry.
Stock buybacks are still under way, highlighting the company’s confidence to develop. On December 8, 20, the company released its employee’s \triangleright shareholding plan and proposed to use a minimum of $600 million and a maximum of $800 million to buy back company shares.
At the end of December of that year, the company had accumulated 12.06 million shares, representing a total of $117 million (excluding transaction costs). In our view, the employee-equity scheme has shown that the company has developed confidence and that the future looks good in the long term.
Companies are the leading domestic financial science and technology firms, whose short-term performance is highly volatile and is expected to improve significantly in the fourth quarter. In the long run, financial science and technology is promising and companies are expected to continue to benefit in the future.
Risk factors: 1. Downstream clients affected by the epidemic have not invested as much as expected 2. Financial reform policies have not advanced as expected 3. Corporate innovation has not expanded as expected.
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and speed increase.
Figure 2: Net profit and increase in corporate attribution, Figure 3: Māori rate and net interest rate for companies, Figure 4: Three cost rates for companies
Figure 5: The company Peband Luley, a well-established defense science university, studied computer science. Six years of industry experience, former head of the global storage information technology company ' s research and development, solutions sector team, joined the Seaton Securities in 2016, and the team ' s fourth wealth in 17 and 19, joined the Sunda in 2020.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.