Company review report  Computer industry acquisition of bottany technology, expansion of corporate financeit Hensen Electronics (60570.sh)
• On March 10, 2021, the network of company officials announced that it had acquired the country's leading insurance provider, “Patern Technologies”, and after the acquisition was completed, the company was officially renamed Heung Seok-tae (Hong Guang Yiong Jing)
It was established in 2016 with its headquarters in Guangzhou and also in Guangzhou, Beijing, Shenzhen, Hang.
The state has a research and development centre.
In the area of business, the help insurance company has built up an end-to-end “product-plus-service” combination of services. Since its inception, PTP has worked with a number of national insurance companies, such as the Peace Insurance Group, the Pacific Financial Insurance Initiative, the National Life Insurance Initiative, and the Sino-Sin-Sin-Kong Insurance Company.
Li Xing, at a press conference organized by the State Council press office, the President of the Silver Insurance Supervisory Board, Guo Qing, said that in 2020, the insurance agency had invested $35.1 billion in information technology, 27 per cent more than the previous year.
Thank you very much: Prince Road is approaching the golden age. As the digital transformation of the insurance sector in China accelerates, the information investment in the insurance sector will be further enhanced, thus contributing to the development of the insurance industry in China.
Through the acquisition of Pate technology, companies are expected to expand their growth space even further.
The company’s in-depth understanding of the financial-it business and its continued cultivation of the financial-it field guarantee the company’s long-term competitiveness. Conservation technology is focused on insurance, core business systems, insurance Internet hubs, insurance-line integration and digital applications.
In the future, electronics will work together to keep Thai technology active in the field of insurance, helping insurance clients to respond more quickly to business development needs in the digital age.
To step up the company’s influence on the insurance industry, to expand the core areas of corporate insurance, to enrich the distribution of corporate financialit products, and to expand the scope for corporate growth.
With the gradual diversification of the company’s industry, it is expected to bring new business growth points to the company. I promise to present this report independently and objectively, with a diligent approach and with a clear and accurate view of my research.
Go is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Wu Jiantmt/College Research Manager.
Master ' s degree in finance from the University of Mudan, Bachelor of Science from the University of Mudan; joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2016; and member of the new wealth-entry team in 2016.