Performance meets expectations, revenue recognition slows impact on profit performance - E.H.D. (600570) Issued a performance forecast for 2020, which the company expects to place on a publicly listed company ' s shares
The net profit of shareholders in the Hangzhou Hengsheng Electronics Group netting off non-recurring gains and losses is approximately $662 million, a decrease of approximately 25.66 per cent over the same period. Performance meets expectations and profit performance is affected by a delay in revenue recognition: company execution in 2020
The new income recognition guidelines replace the original revenue recognition step by step, based on the percentage method of completion, with a one-time revenue recognition after the transfer of control of the share (million shares), resulting in a longer revenue recognition cycle.
The impact of the epidemic in sub-regions and the slow pace of related projects by companies, both of which have an impact on the market value of the circulationa shares (in billions of yuan), shows that the company ' s business performance remains robust and can grow over a long period of time.
Downstream demand remains strong, and the financial integrator will fully benefit from capital market reforms: the pace of capital market innovation has increased markedly since 2019, from the start-up board to the new three-board elite.
The pilot registration of the entrepreneurship board, as well as the new regulations and the public fund-raising and investment pilots, have created a large demand for upgrading the IT system. As reforms deepen, full-scope registration reforms and the “t+o” trading system are expected to be gradually reduced.
Each sector has established an absolute competitive advantage, which is expected to take the lead in the expansion of the workforce by high-market participation, and the talent team has continued to consolidate: on December 8, 2020, the company issued a plan for the ownership of the company, with a repurchase of some 600 million shares, covering more than the company ' s employees.
Data cut-off date: 29/01/2021, 70% of the total. The plan will provide sufficient stability and motivate the core business management team to function as a retentionist and long-term interest-match, thereby contributing to the steady and consistent growth of corporate performance.
At the same time, the company has recently issued a 1,500+ recruitment plan, which provides sufficient human security for the company to continue to open up new business _aaa_Hongsin Electronic (600570), and to meet customer needs in a timely manner.
Aaa Hengsheng Electronics (600570) 3-quarterly report of aaa_Heungsheng Electronics (600570)