Middle Gold (600489.sh) - 3-quarter review 2023.
Commodity prices are booming and growing. In the first three quarters, the company actively organized its production operations to capture the gold, copper molybdenum price boom, achieving business income of 45.560 billion yuan, an increase of 13.8 per cent in the same year; in the latter, the net profit of 2.07 billion yuan, an increase of 32.5 per cent in the same year. In the third quarter, in the first quarter, the company achieved operating income.
160 billion yuan, an increase of 11.2 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, which fell in the same amount as mineral gold production and increased mineral copper. In the previous three quarters, the company produced 13.9 tons of mineral gold, a decrease of 6.6 per cent in the same amount; the production of 61,000 tons of copper in mines, an increase of 1.5 per cent in the same amount; and the sale of 13.3 tons of mineral gold, the same amount.
In May 2023, the company announced its intention to acquire 100% of the stockholders' gold in Lé State and the gold group's claims to Lé State.
In July 2023, the shares were released and realized. Lé State held 44% of the Lé State's remittance and Lé State's share of the Sapphire gold mine. The Sari gold mine was located in the Gudong region, and the main mineral stock was 13,1135 million tons of ore and gold and metal.
The project is one of the Group's “XIV-Five” priority projects, with an annual capacity of 10 tons of project design, which will lead to an increase in corporate gold production, borrowing and financial costs.
Carrying out value-creation actions to improve core competitiveness, improve cost control, and reverse losses. Central gold (600489.sh) mid-2023 is reported as a multiple loss in copper smelting. For the first three quarters of the period, the cost of sales, administrative costs, and financial costs are respectively.
China Gold (600489.sh) - Business sound, group assets injected into enabling power - percentage point. Interest costs of $225 million in the first quarter of the third quarter, up from $133 million in the second quarter, were incurred as a result of a larger increase in corporate borrowing.
Investment proposals: The company operates robustly, forming a business landscape of gold, copper, molybdenum, and smelting through the acquisition of group assets. In the future, with the injection of high-quality assets and the exploitation of available resources, the company’s mineral gold production and commodity prices are booming and growing.
During the boom period, business earnings were realized at 45.560 billion yuan, an increase of 13.8 per cent in the same year; net profit returns to mothers were 2.07 billion yuan, an increase of 32.5 per cent in the same year. In the first quarter of the third quarter, companies achieved operating income of 16.40 billion yuan, an increase of 11.2 per cent in the same year; and net profits to shareholders in listed companies were attributed at 70 million yuan, an increase of 51.7 per cent in the same year.
In the previous three quarters, the company produced 13.9 tons of mineral gold, a decrease of 6.6 per cent in the same year; in the production of 61,000 tons of mineral copper, an increase of 1.5 per cent in the same year; in the sale of 13.3 tons of mineral gold, a decrease of 7.8 per cent in the same year; in the middle of Lei County, the potential for growth was substantial. In May 2023, the company announced its intention to acquire the holding shareholder gold group.
100% of the stockholdings in Länder and the gold group's claims to Länder, with a total transaction value of RMB 4,860 million; the shares were released, realized and listed in July 2023. Länder held 44% of the share in Länder's remittance, and Länder held the right to mine Sar Ridge gold.
The sum of 13,4135,000 tons of ores and 3,72.06 tons of gold and metals, with an average grade of 2.77 g/t, were retained in the main mineral gold. The Saaring gold mining project is one of the Group's “145” priority projects. The project was designed to produce 10 tons per year, and the company's gold production will increase significantly once the project is completed.
Borrowings have increased and financial costs have increased. Companies have carefully followed up on the new round of corporate reforms to deepen and upgrade their performance, launching value-creation campaigns, making every effort to improve core competitiveness, improve cost control, and reverse losses. In terms of interim costs, for the first three quarters of the period, sales costs, management costs and financial costs were 0.14%, respectively.
Investment proposals: The company’s gold-owning industry operates robustly, forming a business landscape of diversified development through the acquisition of group assets, gold, copper, molybdenum, and smelting. In the future, with the injection of high-quality assets and the exploitation of available resources, the authors of the company’s mineral gold pledge that the data used in the report will come from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author