Quarterly review: Retail results in transition and asset quality performance is steady
Three quarterly reports were issued by the Bank of Peace, resulting in a net gain of $20.3 billion in the first three quarters of 2018 and a 6.8 per cent increase in yoy, of which 30 increased by 7.3 per cent, largely in line with our expectations. The results of the company’s retail transformation were remarkable, the asset position was stable, and capital adequacy was on the rise.
In the first three quarters, a net gain of $20.3 billion was achieved, with an increase of 6.8% in yoy, with an increase of 7.3% in 3q and a performance benchmark.
Growth in non-interest income, with interest differentials constrained by cost: at the income end, total net operating income increased by 8.6 per cent and recorded $86.7 billion, mainly due to non-interest income contributions, of which total investment returns (investment gains + fair value changes + exchange gains and losses) improved significantly from the same period last year, recording $81.06 billion
This is mainly due to the increase in financial assets classified under the ifrs9 guidelines as changing at fair value and accounting for gains and losses during the period. The growth in fees and commissions net revenue was robust, with a 2.3 per cent increase in yoy, with $23.7 billion recorded. With respect to interest income, the size of interest-bearing assets remains constant.
On the positive side, yoy increased by 11.7 per cent, although this was due to the rising cost of interest-bearing liabilities and higher than interest-bearing product combinations Asset return increases and narrow net interest differentials: 2.29 per cent net interest spread in the first three quarters, while yoy fell.
(b) Institutional investors as a share of liquiditya Retail, with significant results: number of retail operations since Banque Sanité moved from active Retail to retail banks
The retail business of 3q2018 contributed 52% of the revenue, with a profit contribution of 68% and a net profit ratio of 11.2 pct and 3.0 pct, respectively, higher than the same period last year.
The capital adequacy rate continues to rise: the core-level capital adequacy rate of the 3q2018 Peace Bank, the first-level capital adequacy rate and the capital adequacy rate were 8.5 per cent, 9.4 per cent, 11.7 per cent, higher than the regulatory rate of 7.5 per cent, 8.5 per cent,
The transferable debt has been approved by the China Bank Insurance Board and is currently being reported to the CSRC for approval and future funding is guaranteed. After we measure the transferable debt, we raise core-level capital, first-level capital and capital adequacy by 1.1 pct.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) refers to: chinaresearchdept.
_capital€are#2Taibei Hong Kong Shanghai 24 October 2018
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified for audit.