Improved performance is expected, building on the Science and Technology Platform to build advanced banks South-West Securities Research and Development Centre Summary of performance: in the third quarter of 2018, companies achieved 86.664 billion yuan in operating income, an increase of 8.6 per cent over the same period;
(b) The company's net non-interest income for the first three quarters of the year increased by $32,135 million, or 32 per cent, compared with its share of total revenue by 2.5 percentage points to 37 per cent in the first half of the year.
Debt pressure erodes interest differentials and improves the margins of the second half of the year. The cost of a company's interest-bearing debt rose by 41 bp to 2.90% from the same period, as a result of the rebound in market interest rates and the rise in the size of structural deposits in the third quarter, with the cost of deposits, the cost of liabilities on both the liability and the partner's bill floating by 49 bp, and the burden of indebtedness on the company remains on the ground, with the company still under pressure.
The first three quarters, while falling by 12 bp to 2.29% over the same period, showed an increase of 3 bp over the first half of the year, indicating that the company’s profitability remained stable. Given the continued decline in market interest rates in the fourth quarter, driven by a policy of targeted reduction, the cost of corporate debt is expected to be on the margin.
The retail transition continued to deepen, and the lending ratio continued to rise. The total amount of loans and advances disbursed by companies in the previous three quarters amounted to 1.92 trillion yuan, an increase of 12.8 per cent compared to the end of the previous year.
The number of retail clients reached 80 million at the end of the year, an increase of 14.8 per cent compared to the end of the year, with high net wealth clients reaching 5504 million and 26.3 million private customers, respectively, an increase of 20.6 per cent and 11.9 per cent, respectively, and a rapid improvement in the quality of households, with corresponding retail customer assets (aum) reaching 1.31 trillion yuan, compared with the end of the year.
Rapid growth of 20.8 per cent was driven by a high-quality development of retail operations that led to the upgrading of the corporate profit structure, with net profit from retail operations contributing $13.9 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 11.2 per cent over the previous three quarters, and a 68 per cent share of net corporate profits, which was an important driver of growth in corporate profitability.
The quality of the assets continues to improve. The quality of the assets of the company remained stable at the end of the third quarter, and the credit rate remained stable at 1.68 per cent, almost the same as in the first half of the year, down 2bp from the end of last year. Sub-operations show a steady decline in retail operations.
A slight increase of 7bp, 38bp, 4bp, reached 0.42, 1.03 and 1.22 per cent at the end, but the overall retail asset quality remains marginal owing to the firm's proactive restructuring of its operations, the concentration of lending resources in retail lending operations of good asset quality, which grew faster than the “new loan” and credit card operations.
In the meantime, the company has set up a special asset management system (ams) to speed up the pace of intellectual clean-up, with a cumulative recovery of poor assets of $1304 million in the previous three quarters, a 1.5-fold increase. The business structure continues to be adjusted, new weaknesses are being strictly controlled and accelerated.
The three-pronged approach is to ensure that the quality of safe bank assets continues to improve and that the failure rate continues to improve. • Increased investment in financial technology and building core competitiveness.
1. Peace Bank (00001): Reconstructed Retail Focus, built an intelligent omo service system, pushed pocket banks to break through 21 million live customers by winding out the valuations (2018-09-07)
A large data risk model was designed to monitor and assess risks in all their aspects and the “al+wind control” project was launched, which initially achieved uniform control of credit risk, fraud risk and further enhanced automated profit forecasting and rating of retail credit products; we believe that, as the macroeconomic environment stabilizes, the quality of safe bank credit assets is high
Looking forward to continued improvement, while the accelerated disposal of bad assets is expected to result in a sustained reduction in poor provision, thus releasing deterioration in public quality; the cost of deposits rises or narrows the space for corporate interest differentials.
Assumption 4: The cost rate of the company's interest-bearing liability has increased as a result of the company's active liabilities, from 2.87 per cent in the next three years to 2.87 per cent in the future, from no direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.