Retail transformation has led to a recovery in interest differentials, and asset quality trends are noteworthy
Core profitability increases. The first three quarters saw a net profit gain increase of 6.8%, of which q3 increased 7.35% in the first quarter, with an increase of 0.46pc in the acceleration ring; and a 16.54% increase in the appop in the increase of 12pc in the increase ring.
The calibre adjustment resulted in fluctuations in the net revenue from interest and the rate of increase in revenue in the middle, but an overall improvement in revenue collection. The first three seasons saw a growth rate of 8.56 per cent, with a 14.2 per cent increase in the q3 quarter and an increase in the speed circle by more than 3 pc. Of this, a single quarter net interest income, fees and commissions, and other non-interest income fluctuations
Larger. Mainly due to fluctuations due to partial caliber adjustments by q3 companies: (i) the switch of the 1i9 guidelines to financial instruments measured at fair value and whose variations are factored into current gains and losses, the related revenue movements are recorded from interest income to investment income; (ii) credit card instalments are transferred from fee income to net interest
In late September, the share of high-yield lending in loans rose to 56.3 per cent. Three quarters of the loans were invested in more than $73.3 billion.
The credit card contribution led to an increase in the rate of return. The composition of the ratio of returns per loan increased from 45 bps to 7.86% in the first half of the year, or because the credit card was previously exempted.
Interest periods are longer, and three quarters begin to concentrate on yielding returns. The decline in returns on corporate loans (excluding discounts) accounted for a net increase of more than 40 billion dollars in corporate deposits, an increase in personal deposit balances of less than 15 billion, and a relatively weak personal loan-based deposit endowment. Cost continues to rise in three quarters.
The cost of deposits rose from 7bps to 2.42 per cent in the first half of the year, falling relative to the share of current deposits, increasing the proportion of time deposits and increasing costs (business and individual deposit costs increased by 7bps billion in the first half of the year, respectively, with some impact on costs when incorporated into the management of deposits in the table.
▪ Quality of assets: loan balances and share of loans that are more than 90 days overdue have continued to double. By the end of June, a) versus public: the poor rate of enterprise loans (excluding discounts) increased by 11bps to 261 per cent compared to the end of June, with a net decrease of $18.8 billion in public loans in the third quarter, the negative balance increased slightly by $400 million, and the negative balance remained against the public good.
In exposure, or related to adverse perceptions. (b) Retail: The overall rate of poor individual lending was 1.05%, which was the same as at the end of June.
0.94%. However, the credit card negative balance increased by 640 million, the negative rate rose by 3bps to 1.22%, the “new one steadily developed, leading to improved middle-income lending” negative rate increased by 26bps to 1.03%, and the future trend in the quality of credit cards and consumer loans
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: SALB retail financial transitions have been very effective, performance contributions have improved steadily relative to the quality of production and savings costs have increased steadily; credit card operations have developed well; asset quality rates are stable and against equity
The loan balance is more than 90 days overdue and 3, The Annual Report of the Bank of Peace: Retail: Double Decline. In addition, loan-end interest rates have been raised with lower co-processing costs, and the common drivers of interest differentials have recovered.
The transition worked well, and the quality of the assets improved, but the ratio and cost of time deposits increased, and the accumulation of structural deposits accelerated. The cost of deposits remained under pressure. We expect the net return profits of the Peace Bank in 18/19/20, respectively.
Figure 2: Bank income and profit growth in Peace (millions of yuan) Figure 3: Interest income and interest income in Peace Bank as a proportion of non-interest income
Figure 4: Portfolio configuration of the Saviour Bank. Figure 6: Saviour Bank loan structure. Figure 7: Saviour Bank deposit structure.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board