The resource and environmental research centre has been steadily moving forward with a steady increase in e-smoking. In the first half of 2019, the company achieved 2.53 billion yuan, an increase of 34.3 per cent over the same period; and a net return to the mother.
Rendering of $50 million, an increase of 215.2 per cent in the same year; net profit of $490 million for non-return to the mother, an increase in the same quarter: 1,432 million yuan for the 2019q2 company, an increase of 19 per cent and 30 per cent respectively for the ring; net profit of $300 million for the return to the mother, an increase of 255 per cent and 50 per cent respectively for the ring;
Macwell's e-smoking remains the main driver of high corporate growth: 219h1 McWear achieved a net profit of 970 million and contributed $360 million in investment earnings based on the company's shareholding of 37.55 per cent.
The company realized investment earnings of RMB 370 million, representing 73 per cent of total profits, an increase of 364 per cent over the same period, and after deducting the return on investment, the company’s operations such as lithium Hara and lithium ion batteries achieved a net return profit of RMB 130 million, an increase of 67 per cent over the same period.
Short-term performance ratings are mainly in e-smoking, lithium primary batteries and lithium batteries consumed: Macwell's e-smoking, which remains the company's most recent major performance gain point; lithium primary batteries grew by 7 per cent in the first half of the year compared to the previous year, and a significant increase in the company's lithium primary battery business is expected in the second half of the year, in line with the national set-up arrangements for etc.
Long; cylindrical cores successfully cut into consumption, or will become the third pole of high-speed growth for companies. Powered Battery holding Koreask, with strong growth power: the bottom of the new energy car has arrived, selling prices are higher in the short term than cash costs, car companies still have impulses, and the medium-term double-centre policy is expected to build on new talent in 2025.
By introducing the technology and financing of the Korea Battery Bigsk, the company managed to hold Daimler and Kia Modern, and was able to move to production as planned, with a strong growth momentum. The trade war had a far greater impact on overseas operations than expected: the return on e-smoking investment was less than expected: power cell surges.
and expected: new energy vehicles are growing at a slower rate than expected: upstream product price fluctuations are expected to be higher.