Lithium billion (30014): first three seasons of profit, company-owned lithium ion batteries, lithium primary batteries, etc. The company issued performance forecasts and expected net return profit of 885 - 951 million by the third quarter of 2019.
Model delivery: 2) power cell operations are released in an orderly manner, and performance is rising: 3) The participation company McVell is expected to contribute most of its profits.
In the field of power cells, the company has completed the production lines of square phosphate, lithium and soft-pack 3-dollar batteries, which have successfully supplied vehicles such as Nanjing Kinglong, Zhengzhou Woo-tung, Jilin. In addition, the company announced on 2 August 2018 that it was working with the well-known German car company Daimler.
The Division signed a supply agreement valid until the end of 2027; on 7 March 2019, it was announced that it would receive a selection of suppliers from the modern Kia, and that the demand for the order is expected to be 13.48gwhh for the next six years. We believe that the company's power cell operation is expected to be successful in implementing the above-mentioned supply agreements for the two major vehicles abroad.
There is some uncertainty about the follow-up to the orders received by the company from overseas customers.
Lithium billion (30014): The first three seasons have seen a significant increase in profits by electronic fogizers, with the company holding 37.55% of its shares to date. McVell was in the national SME share transfer system (commonly known as “Statistics and Projections of New Year's Income and Main Profiting Indicators, as shown in Table 2).
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
In May 2019, he joined a team that took part in the preparation of the Chinese Battery Industry Yearbook 2016 and 2017: he was invited to serve as Swedish Green Traffic Congress 2018.
Li Wanshan, Bachelor of Science in Nuclear Science and Engineering, Xianan Transport University, and Master of Science and Engineering in Nuclear Energy, Qinghua University, was employed at the Nuclear and Radiation Safety Center of the Department of Environmental Protection to carry out a nuclear research assistant briefing or a view directly or indirectly related to it.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the said securities, and any investment made by the investors on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide services related to investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these publics.
This report shall not be subject to disproportionate quotations, deletions and modifications.