I don't know.
I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about.
Look for 2019-2020.
It's best-groveninge-cigarettebusiness may request more than regulatively.
I've got a lot of work to do, but I've got a lot of work to do.
Internetofthings(iot), consumerelectronics, newenergyhicles (news), andenenger storage. the companynyissorengagedintheproductionandsalesofatomization productsfore-cigarette companiestroughits 37.6% Shareholding (asatend-1h19) in
I'm not sure if it's true, but it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true.
I don't know, multiplemandgrovethdriversforits corebatetybusties managementExpectsprimarylithimetybustybusinsrevenueachrmb2.1-2.3bnin2019, implying>80% yoygroth.thisgrovewillbedrivenbyrisingetc
(electrectolcollection) applications, ashecentralgovernmentendstoimplementment etcnedionhighways bytheendof2019.managementguidedthatitslithium-ion battybusinessrevenuewillgrrow>50%oytorm4.9-5.0bnin2019, ledbyconsumer
It's not like it's the same as it's the same, but it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same as it's the same.
The companywillsekhekher-qualityyearsrowththby
I've got 100% of the e-cigarettebusiusgrovethsubjectjectoryrisks itse-cigarettebusinsrevenuegrew.a. overthempastreeyes, ledbythetheotherworldreportrepresentsa
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but it's not what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, regularupdatesononongbangbasis.mayconsiderbanninge-cigarettesbanditsbusinessmightsufferfromregulatoryrrisks.but the impactislikelynotthatsubstantioralappingtomanage, as1)
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm going to have to go back to my apartment, and I'm going to have to go back to my apartment.
The company's specializes the production of the productionandsalesofprimaryithittatiesand lithium-ionbattyproducts, which has 28% and 72%ofitstotalsalesin2018.
The lithium-ionbattybusinesses productects maintolytoend-userintheconsumer
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
The jvwillstarmcommerciation 2020forsales todaimlerandkia.thecompanyhasexpandedinoversetsmarkets, which are available
19%ofittotalrevenuein 2018. Partitionscorebatterybusiness, the companynysengagedintheproductionandsales oftomizationproductsfore-cigarettecompaniesthroughitsassossociatecompany,
If you don't like it, you're going to have to do it again.
In 2018, the profitconstrumbromsmoorreache 298m, 49%offeveenenergy's profitbeforetatax.smooreiscurresentlyintheprocessof applyforestinghongkongmarket.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, this research reporter isnotdirected, orientedforistritiontooruseby, annypersonitywhoisacizenorresentioforworldindicatedinnyjurisdiction whereuchdistrition, publicity, availabilityoruseofworldcontractortrarytoapplicablelawulationorwhowhowouldsubjectchinagalaxyinternationalpositions (hongkong)co. and oriented (“galaxyinternationalpositions”) and/oritsgroupcompaniestoanyregistralizationreformation_inchjurisation_inschjurisdiction.
This report (includinganyinformation)issuedbygalalaxyinternationalscirities, oneofthesubsidiaresofthechinagalaxyinternationalhumanitarian Holdingsmitted, to the internationaldirectionsromtheinformationssourcessourcesbelievestoberierable, butnorepreformationorwarany (expressedlyformated) Ismades to theiracuracy, correcency/orcompletence.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know.
I don't know if I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the otherwise.
Noormoredirectors, officersand/oremployeesofchinagaralaxyinternationalmaybeadirectororofficerofthesecuritiesofthecompanies(ies)mentionenthis cinagalalaxyinternationalinternationalotherelevantpartiesmay, totheextentpermittedbylaw, fromtimetimeparticipateorinvestininvestintainentintainmenttransactionswith the securitiesofthecompanity(ies)intitsreport, performservicesforsorisisfundsacistusefriendschpany(ies), and/orjaveapositionorhording, orother
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
nypotentialconfactsointerestmethamalisinconnection with the implementationof produceofresearchreports.otheresesearchanalyst(s) responsibleforthreportopelatesas partoffaseparateandindexentteamtotheinvendbanking funactionofgalexyinternationalcoursesandproceduresresreinplacementplacesplaceplacesplaceplacementformationbyiesotherotherotherseesechorindationbanking
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
"buy, sell, hold" to "add, reduce, hold" .pleaserfervedfeinificationsbelow. explanationnequitatings (willbereppledby01/09/19) >20%
I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about.
No partifthismalmaybereproducedoredistributed without thepriorwrittenconsentofachinagalexyinternationalsecuritys (hongkong)co., Limited. 20/f,wingoncentre, 111 connaughtroadcentral, Sheungwan, Hongkong.generalline: 3698-68888.