Lithium main camp is growing at a very high rate.
The net profit realized after deduction is 491 million yuan, an increase of 231.31% over the same period. The company’s performance is at the upper limit of the performance forecast, with slightly higher market expectations.
Promising investment returns: The traditional operations of lithium primary batteries have grown steadily, with the active expansion of new and emerging markets Basic data (as of 15 August 2019) Companies achieved net investment returns of $368 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 366 per cent in the same year, accounting for the company
The Tibet Billion Latitude Holdings Ltd., 223 million yuan, was largely the result of a significant increase in the performance of the company’s participating company, McVell. McVeil achieved business income of 3,274 million yuan in the first half of 2019, net profit of 970 million yuan.
There has been a steady growth in the operations of lithium primary batteries, and the spread of the etc has brought about new growth over the last six months, when stocks compared to depths of 300.
The company ' s lithium primary battery products, which are characterized by high energy density, high temperature adaptability and long storage life, have been widely applied in the fields of smart meters, smart traffic, medical devices, e-call, and smart security, and have been expanded to auto tire pressure monitoring systems, smoke alarms and radio frequency.
Identification (rfid) and new applications related to networking. The company is the absolute leader of the country’s lithium primary battery, with the city accounting for more than 50%. Lithium primary battery operations achieved operational percentage points in the first half of 2019.
The number of households will break 180 million, highway toll stations will have full coverage; by 2025, the number of Internet users in the country will have increased further. As the company’s main supplier of tc-composite power, the etc will have significantly increased revenue from sales of the company’s lithium primary batteries and spc products.
Date of initial report: 27 November 2018 The power city of lithium power is growing and the potential of the market for storage of lithium power is enormous.
V. In July, the company relied on a wave of commercial cars from large clients like Nanking Kinglong and Gilly Commercial Cars to build 209 mwh, the first three knapsacks of a lithium-powered electric machine, after Ning Germany and Biadei. In the car market, the company’s subsidiaries gained access to the country’s billions of latitudes.
International high-end clients include Dymler, and modern Kia's approval and purchase orders. Corporate power cell capacity continues to expand: this year, with 3gwh in soft-packed batteries, it will be added to the next year by 6gwh, with an overall capacity of 9gwh. The capacity of phosphate lithium production is also expanding, set for 19 years.
Additional funds have been received, and the construction of the new 3.5gwhh lithium phosphate battery project is on schedule.The acceleration of the 5g era and the “lithium Electrification” of the base station back-up power source, promoting rapid growth in storage energy-powered lithium ion cell operations in terms of both incremental and storage volumes.
The fund-raising will also be used for the construction of the Lithium ion Battery Project, a project that will create the capacity to produce five gwh high-performance lithium ion batteries per year. The company will actively deploy downstream-powered lithium power and lithium storage power to ensure high growth in the company’s performance.
As a result of the continued over-expected performance of the company ' s participating company, McVell, the expansion of its productive capacity and the expansion of its large clients, we have raised the company ' s profit projections to 2019, 2020 and 2021, the power of lithium power, the power of lithium storage, and the import of large customers into the company ' s main business.
The company's share share in McVell, the return on investment continues to outpace expectations. We're going up and down to an “enhancement.” Consumption, power, lithium downstream demand is not as good as expected, and the company's output is not as fast as expected.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.