The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre concluded its performance: the company earned $2.53 billion in the first half of 2019, an increase of 34.3 per cent in the same year; the net profit of $50 million, an increase of 215.2 per cent in the same year; and the net profit of $490 million, an increase of 231.3 per cent in the same year.
● Lithium primary batteries remain consistently strong: in the first half of 2019, the company generated operating revenues of $660 million, an increase of 6.7 per cent over the same period in the previous year; in the amount of $270 million, an increase of 41 per cent over the previous year. The downstream lithium primary battery demand industry is at a steady development stage, and a new round of tenders for national smart forms will expand its smart watch count.
Area battery demand: Benefiting from EU legislation: all sales of e-call emergency rescue service systems for vehicle formulations, the demand for reliable power sources in the international vehicle market is growing rapidly. In the second half of 2019, the company acted as the main supplier of tc composite power, in accordance with the country ' s programme for the electronic no parking charge system (etc).
The power cell became the company’s largest incremental business. In the first half of 2019, the lithium ion cell business achieved operating income of $1.87 billion, an increase of 47.64 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year, as production capacity stabilized and released effectively.
The successful transition of the three cylinders to consumer-type batteries and capacity utilization has significantly increased. The company also owns technical route products, such as the square phosphate lithium battery, the soft-packed triple battery, and has steadily increased its market position in the area of new-energy car commerce and passenger vehicles;
Reservation operations continue the growth of last year, focusing on the three major cities of communication storage, household storage, and smart micronets, actively participating in the 5g project and its layout to gain market leadership. • E-smoking performance continues to grow high. Millions of latitudes and lithium hold 37.6% of McWear's share in its second largest share.
Thanks to the rapid growth of the global e-smoking industry, McWall’s performance is in a period of rapid growth. The higher performance growth of Macwell will yield more investment gains for the billions of latitude lithium, and the first half of 2019 will maintain a compound growth rate of over 50% of the net return profit over the next three years, taking into account the company’s high future.
Growth, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. Billions of latitude lithium energy (300014): battery leaders with high-quality genes (2019-01-02)
The company achieved 2.53 billion yuan in revenue in the first half of 2019, an increase of 34.3 per cent in comparison with the previous year; the mother ' s net profit was $500 million, compared to revenues from the battery business, the lithium ion battery business and the McVell investment.
In the first half of 2019, the company, as the second largest shareholder, held 37.55 per cent of Macwell's fumes and heat-free e-smoking, which continued to grow at a high level of about $75 billion.2 Lithium primary batteries continued to grow, maintaining high levels of Maori.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 6.7 per cent compared to the same period the previous year; the Māori gain of 270 million yuan, a 41 per cent increase over the same period. The industry is at a steady development stage, and a new round of tenders for national smart meters will expand battery demand in the field of smart metering.
Growth companies have designed innovative products for emergency rescue systems that have gained the approval and orders of large international clients and have resulted in increased sales performance; while the company ' s lithium primary batteries will continue to be oriented towards the goods network market, gradually meeting the requirements for applications such as smart security, smart parking, intelligent farming, intelligent logistics, intelligent medicine, tracking and positioning.
In the second half of 2019, under the national programme for the electronic no-root charge system (etc), the company, as the main supplier of the etc composite power source, will result in a significant increase in sales revenue from the company's lithium cell and spc products. According to the programme, the number of users of the etc will reach 180 million nationwide by the end of the year.
Coverage: By 2025, the number of etc users in the country will increase further. In the area of parking, full use of etc installations is also encouraged.
3 Lithium ion batteries were released, revenues were rapidly raised. Lithium ion cell operations generated operating revenues from small lithium ion cells and power cells. In the first half of 2019, a total of $1.87 billion was achieved as production capacity stabilized and released effectively, representing an increase of 47.6 per cent compared to the same period the previous year.
At present, power batteries represent the largest increase in corporate revenue, accounting for 74% of the revenue from the main business, leading to the growth of corporate business as a whole.
Leveraging synergies to increase market share in applications with electromagnetizers and smart wear subdivisions; and actively promoting triads The successful conversion of the cylinders, 1865, into consumer batteries, successful cutting into tools and two-wheeled electric vehicle markets for high-end passenger power cell operations: the company has now completed the first phase of power cell capacity-building and has a rectangular phosphate lithium power supply
The company produces 9gwh lithium ion power and storage cells, with square irons, lithium 2.5gwhh, cylindricals 3.5gwhh, soft packagings 1.5gwhh, squares 1.5gwh, covering a wide range of different power areas such as new energy, special-purpose vehicles, commercial vehicles, passenger cars, etc.
The company’s market position for phosphate lithium batteries has steadily increased in the area of new-energy motor vehicles and passenger vehicles. From the company’s entry into power cells in 2015, customers have made rapid progress: in 2018, the market for phosphate lithium was 6.8 per cent in the area of passenger vehicles, providing products and services to customers such as Nanjing Kinglong, Zhengzhou Woo-tung and Jili, while acquiring international high-end customers.
The company’s storage capacity continued its growth last year, focusing on three major markets – communication storage, household storage, and smart micronets – and actively participated in the 5g project and the layout for the market: scenario 1: 5gw and 6.5gw for power batteries in 2019 and 2020, as a result of the company’s capacity to deliver;
Scenario 2: 2gw and 3.5gw, respectively, assuming 2019 and 2020 shipments from consumer batteries; Scenario 3: stable Maori rates for lithium primary batteries, assuming a future Māori rate of 40 per cent; Scenario 4: assumed a 1 per cent reduction per annum in three-year rates over the next three years.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.