In the first half of the year, the lithium primary battery collected 656 million.
As countries can only account for a new round of tenders, orders from large international customers are stable, and market shares are guaranteed. At the same time, the state is pushing hard for the etc program, with the company acting as a conglomerate power provider for the etc.
To be a supplier, etc. will pull a significant increase in lithium cells and spc products, and lithium cells will remain one of the major drivers of company performance in the absence of them. Lithium ion batteries are fully produced, and three-dollar soft bags continue to expand.
The Division has established a long-term business relationship with leading domestic and international companies, using the three-dollar cylinders as the main electric tool and motorcycle market.
One billion latitude lithium energy (3000014), the car market, has been recognized and ordered by international car companies such as Daimler and Modern Kia.
The market for phosphate-carried and storage facilities, the high-level growth in passenger vehicles and the acquisition of lithium batteries for vehicles and storage, including Woo-tung, Nanking Golden Dragon, etc., are mainly used for storage energy in Project 5g.
In terms of performance, lithium ion batteries generated 1,874 million yuan, an increase of 47.64 per cent over the same period.
1.86 per cent, fifth in the country. We believe that the company ' s products are well positioned and that each segment of the market has a living billion-latitude lithium energy (3000014) " Lithium primary battery penetration " , which will lead to high growth in the lithium ion cell business.
The new market, the power cell, the new volume. McVeil continues to be over-expected, with a very high return on investment. The company still holds 37.55% of McWear, with $368 million in investment, is one of the major contributors to the company's overperformance.
One of the largest e-smoking companies in the world is supplied mainly by well-known manufacturers such as the International Tobacco Giant Smoking International, British American Tobacco, and domestic pleasure customers. Meanwhile, McVell has developed a 1qos ceramic heater, which is available for both e-smoking and medical use, and will continue to perform well.
Investment proposal: The company ' s lithium primary batteries will benefit fully from interconnection, etc. and smart meters, will grow steadily over the long term, the lithium ion batteries will make breakthroughs in the various compartmentalized areas, the electronic smoke will continue to reap substantial investment returns, and the company will become a supplier of integrated lithium batteries.
All the plates are working, the electro-smoking super-expected.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.