The main reasons for the over-expected performance of q3 for electronic smoke and lithium battery support by the Centre for Resource and Environmental Research are: 1) etc battery delivery.
During the year, the freeway provincial toll station was largely eliminated, and no parking charges were made, so extension power such as etc. was increased by speed, with the company as the main supplier of the etc battery system, accounting for more than 90%. The etc battery order started with bulk delivery in July, which led to a significant increase in the company’s sales of lithium original batteries; and 2) overseas power cells.
The order starts to be delivered. The company's power cell holding South Koreask then takes Dymler and Kia Modern, among others, who are well known.
Growth: 3) McWear's e-smoking business is over-expected. 2019h1 is influenced by the high speed of McWear's operations. 2. Power Battery Focus Square, which continues to increase in e-smoking. The company achieved investment gains of $370 million, or 73 per cent of total profits, an increase of 364 per cent.
The short- and long-term logic is in power cells: Mike Weir's electronic cigarette is tied to the international tap, and the third generation of electronic smoke products is competitive and still the company's most recent major.
Performance increment points; the Etc project has a large income-generating capacity for lithium primary batteries, which is expected to provide strong support for performance in 2019h2-2020h1 and will continue to generate revenue with some maintenance costs upon completion of the first installation; and a significant increase in the rate of start-up of lithium batteries after switching to consumption, which will be the third engine of short-term growth for companies.
The pool industry has high capital, high technical barriers, and requires sustained investment, and the company is late to move in, but the traditional business cash cow will provide a huge financial support for power cells. At the same time, companies break the soft-pack technology barriers by holding hands and breaking into the international giant supply chains of Daimler, Kia, and others.
1.5 gwh Soft Packing Battery Capacity. Another 1.5 gwh and 6 gwh respectively will be in production in the coming year. Steady and steady, moving into the power cell field, supporting the company’s medium- and long-term performance growth.
and expected; new energy vehicles are growing at a slower rate than expected; upstream product price fluctuations are expected to be higher; relevant report rating ratios are analysed in the market, and then the final rating is calculated on average, as an average market investment.