Quarterly review 2024: A rapid increase in net return profits, positive expansion 11 November 2024
The rapid growth in net profits from corporate parentage and the increase in cost-control capabilities were reduced, and the revenue from satellite insurance settlements resulted in a significant increase in off-the-shelf income ($233 million, +702.33 per cent) The significant decline was mainly due to the reduction in revenues from offshore operations during the period and the amortization of extended-c satellite transponders
Wang Hongtao's cost control capacity has been further enhanced, and stocks remain at a high level.
On the cost side, during the reporting period, the cost of the company was well regulated, with three fee rates (0.98 per cent, - company rating: $2.1 billion in steady increase, hardening of the cash flow, net cash flow from the company's operations (740 million, + 3.48 per cent)
With the first full-scale and “one-way” high-orbit satellite Internet, the expansion of air and sea operations is expected to accelerate.
Network system integration and related applications such as services, integrated information services, with major business processes covering the declaration, coordination and maintenance of the network of satellites; satellite project construction; satellite monitoring and control management; operations management, etc. Companies have well-structured communications broadcasting satellite resources, frequency orbital resources and ground station networks.
Source: As of 30 June 2024, the company operated and managed 17 commercial communications broadcasting satellites, with transponder resources covering the c-band, k-band and ka-band, among others, the basic telecommunications operators with autonomous access to the satellite resources.
The company’s broadcasting and communication services cover the entire territory of China, its perimeter, and the main “one-way” region. The Global Network Service of the Ocean is over 95% of the world’s maritime routes, and the Ka high-throughput satellite covers all parts of China and the surrounding region, enabling us to air, sea, and emergency services along the "one-way" route.
The energy, forest grass, etc., and universal service users provide high-speed, specialized network communications and satellite Internet access to provide safe, reliable and seamless access to information transmission in remote areas.
Already in the build-down phase, the country is expected to be more supportive of the space industry and more resources in favour of the space industry. At the same time, in the context of the rapid growth of the satellite Internet, the aeronautical and marine Internet markets are expected to be the first in our market for satellite Internet applications.
The expansion of applications is expected to provide the operators with a boost in performance growth. And our space infrastructure has made some progress, and the high-orbit satellite Internet market, where business models are more sophisticated, is expected to take the lead in rapid development. With Sino-Star 16, Sino-Star 19 and Sino-Star 26.
With the successful launch of the mass communication satellite, the company has initially completed the first full-scale high-orbit satellite Internet covering the entire national territory and the “one-way” of the priority areas along the common country, with a promising future performance, which is a core professional subsidiary of the Space Science and Technology Group in the satellite operating services industry, and our country.
Basic telecommunications operators with autonomous and controlled telecommunications broadcasting satellite resources. Our specific view and 2) companies, as chain owners of the satellite communications industry, have a wealth of high-quality communications satellite resources and have a larger presence in traditional satellite communications such as radio, television, emergency communications, etc.
The active expansion of high-orbit high-transit satellite resources in new satellite Internet markets, such as aviation and navigation, is expected to lead to a further increase in market occupancy and a steady increase in income. (3) Companies are constantly seeking opportunities for external cooperation and have expanded communications through project cooperation.
The broadcasting satellite frequency orbital resource interests, with the help of the high-orbit satellite Internet, have actively expanded its “one-way” clients to find new growth points in overseas business markets under the current low-orbit satellite Internet impact on the traditional global satellite communications market.
Downstream demand is not as high as expected; overseas markets are not expanding as expected; markets are becoming more competitive and profitability is declining; satellite launch risks are falling. Figure 1 Operating income and growth in the first three quarters of the year (in millions of yuan; per cent)
Figure 3 Cost of the first three quarters of the company (in millions of yuan) Figure 4 Māori rate/net interest rate changes in the first three quarters of the company (in %)
This report has been prepared by Sino-China Securities Company Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for portfolio investment advice approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Commission). This report is not intended to be sent, issued, issued, or sent for any purpose.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the SAC, unless otherwise indicated. No material or contents of this report may be altered or reproduced in any way without prior written authorization from the SAC.