Performance is in line with market expectations; fast-growing operations such as aviation and navigation \triangleright revenue and amortization of extended-c satellite transponder compensation are reduced. Our overall assessment is as follows:
The profit margin fluctuates. The income of 24q3 is $610 million in the first quarter, or 4.2 per cent, and the net profit of \triangleright is increased, benefiting mainly from improved cost-control capabilities.
Increased cost-control capabilities, with emphasis on R & D inputs.
The cost is 3.7%, a decrease of 2.08 ppt in the same year.
5. Advances of 130 million yuan, an increase of 34.8 per cent from the beginning of the year; 6) net cash flows from operating activities amounting to 740 million yuan, in conjunction with the top-heavy telecommunications satellite service provider, actively expanding the demand for new areas such as aviation and navigation. The company is my country ' s basic telecommunications operator with autonomous and controlled broadcasting satellite resources, and has built up a complete satellite space.
As of 30 June 2024, the company operated and managed 17 commercial telecommunications broadcasting satellites. In recent years, the company 1.
Focus on satellite operators and actively expand applications in new fields such as aviation and navigation.
On the other hand, Sinoe, a fully-owned subsidiary of the company, expands and optimizes a secure and controlled “global network” and accelerates the integration and application of high-volume satellite resources such as Star 26 and Star 19, which is currently serving more than 9,000 marine stations. On the other hand, on-board networks, the company's controlling subsidiary, Star Connect, is responsible for the Civil Aviation Authority.
The project, which has completed the development of hardware and software, the orderly testing of boosters, and the active promotion of high-throughput satellite communications technology and equipment applications in the aeronautics of civil aviation transport”, proposes that the company be the leader of the country's satellite communications operations, the second largest fixed in Asia and the sixth largest fixed in the world.
\triangleright telecommunications satellite operator, benefiting from the accelerated deployment of the national satellite Internet, is expected to accelerate development. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.