Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 27 March, China Chemical published its annual report for 2022 and 2022 realized total operating income.
• There has been a steady increase in the number of new orders, a year-long high of innovation, a comparison of company prices with the trend of 300 deep, and a period of record-high corporate performance during the reporting period, mainly due to the benefits of the Middle East, Russia, etc.
Focused regional cooperation, the “one-way” business accelerated markedly, with an equal volume of orders growing in 2022, project construction, enhanced project outreach, and well-planned organization of major projects, especially the Baltic Sea, with sound cost regulation and multiple factors driving company performance.
In addition, the company has steadily increased its profitability by increasing its control over the project process. 1. New contracts have increased in value throughout the year, new material items q3 have maintained a similar acceleration in performance, new materials items
• Adherence to an integrated “Technology Ten” development strategy, deep-farm technology barriers, innovation-driven, technology-based research and development (R & D) as a “core” approach, focusing on “crystal” technology.
To date, the company has 13 national enterprise technology centres and one national energy source.
Research and development centres, 3 provincial enterprise technology centres, 7 provincial engineering and technology research centres, 7 projects with expertise in 238 technologies; 401 prizes in science and technology awarded by provincial ministries and above and 366 trade codes awarded by provincial ministries and above, leading teams for the transformation of science, technology and innovation for industrialization
At the same time, the company has a system of platforms for research and development under the umbrella of the “1 master plus multi-chamber +n platform”, which has set up Japan's branch, the Beijing Hokuyama Experimental Base, and the Japanese Tsumbo Laboratory, with a cumulative amount of thousands of authorized and hundreds of know-how. With its own research and development capabilities, the company is targeting its own home ammonium, Xindium, and Xiaobo.
Aerogels, environmentally degradable plastics, etc., “crystal” techniques, where the HFA was upgraded to 330,000 tonnes/year, creating the world's single-line maximum capacity; and the full-sourced China Tien Nilone New Material Project (phase I), which followed the successful driving of the acetylene device and the Xydamine device, which resulted in 200,000 tonnes/year Xii
The entropy device was able to get through the process and drive successfully and produce its own dinitrogen-grade product; the silicon-based gel technology was developed in collaboration, and the new Chinese material gel project successfully produced in February 2022 the first batch of eligible silicon-kinami co-heat insulation products.
More than 99 per cent of the grid rate: the degradable plastic pbat project, built by the company subsidiary Chemical Design Institute III Ltd., Inc. Ltd., produced a one-time success of 100,000 tons per year of pbat project, which successfully produced high-quality pbat polyester products; in addition,
In the broader context of the “double carbon” goal, new silicon-based materials, degradable materials, market demand in the new energy sector will grow rapidly, and companies will insist on an integrated technology-plus development strategy.
On the one hand, it will speed up the process of replacing national production of new materials at the top of the country, and on the other hand it will allow companies to take advantage of the market, which is expected to reap the benefits of future concentration. (1) The risks associated with price fluctuations in raw materials and major products:
(ii) Risks to safe production: (3) environmental protection risks; (4) the project is not proceeding as fast as expected;
On March 27, China ' s chemical operations and financial data published its annual report for 2022. According to the announcement, in 2022, the company achieved a total of 1577.16 Māori semi-annual change.
Quarterly changes in corporate Māori, semi-annual changes in corporate net profit returns, semi-annual changes in corporate net profit deductions
Changes in corporate net profit, net interest rate, semi-annual changes in corporate Māori rates, quarterly changes in net interest rates.
Figure 11 Biannual changes in the three costs of the company Figure 12 Quarterly changes in the three costs of the company Purchase of fixed assets, intangibles, cash payments for long-term assets
The company is making a net change from the quarter to the quarter. 2 Building and engineering plates: the continued contribution of chemical engineering operations to profits. China ' s chemistry is the best-qualified, most-functioning and most-intended industrial engineering industry in the country.
At present, the main operations include construction works (chemical engineering, infrastructure, environmental governance), business and new materials (heptamide, aditoxine, silicone nanogel, etc.) and modern services.
The construction and engineering business is the core business of the company and covers chemical, coal, petrochemical, new materials, new energy, electricity, environmental protection, infrastructure, medicine, etc. In 2022, the company signed a new contract of $29,6923 million, an increase of $27,153 million, or 10.07 per cent, over the same period of the previous year.
Newly signed contracts for surveying design supervision consultants amounting to $4.636 billion, or 24.68 per cent, or 1.56 per cent, for the same year; new contracts for the sale of real estate and new materials amounting to $6.167 million, or 26.99 per cent, or 2.08 per cent, for the same year; new contracts for modern services amounting to $4.381 billion, or 14.73 per cent, or 1.48 per cent, for the same year.
Modern services account for 3.61 per cent and environmental governance for 2.23 per cent. In 2022, chemical engineering generated operating income of $118,302 million, an increase of 9.59 per cent over the same year, mainly due to increased corporate outreach and project development efforts in the current year, and the careful planning of the organization of construction, particularly the successful development of the Baltic Sea project, resulting in revenues and costs.
In April 2022, ministries such as the Ministry of Industry and Communications launched the " 14-Five-Five for Quality in the petrochemical industry " .
As a leading national chemical engineering company, the company focuses on the five priorities of the Opinion: “Innovation development, industrial structure, industrial layout, digital transformation, green security.” The first is the orderly advancement of the “oil erosion” of the refining project.
Extending the petroleum industry chain and increasing the supply capacity of products such as specialized chemicals; accelerating the extension of coal-based chemicals to new chemical materials, coal-based oil and gas to high-value-added products such as special fuels, and coal-based ethanol, which focuses on upgrading quality control.
By 2025, there will be about 70 chemical parks with a competitive advantage, with a value of more than 70% of the total industrial output. During the "145" period, more than 600 standardized provincial chemical parks will be built, and five coal-based strategic bases will be developed.
The company is actively looking for opportunities for a more thorough understanding of and follow-up to the remarks made by Xi Jinping's secretary-general during his visit to the elms.
God, improving the efficiency of the integrated use of coal as a raw material for the chemical industry, increasing cooperation with local governments and large coal-rich industries, leading “geese” and “main forces” in the development of the new coal industry, leading coalification 3 industries and new material plates: the success of priority projects
China maintains an “innovation drive”, actively develops its business, explores the integrated development of the “Technology Ten Industries” model, with technology research and development as the “core”, driving engineering and industrial development, focusing on new chemical and chemical materials such as high-performance fibres, special synthetic rubber, engineering plastics, and special chemicals research and development, leading to the attack on endamide, self-dividine, aerosols, etc.
Environmentally degradable plastics, such as “crystal” technologies, expand the area of high-value-added products in the new materials industry and achieve an organic combination of “industrial anti-breeding, R & D support, engineering optimization, industrial upgrading.” In the new materials area, companies have developed core “crystal” technologies, such as chemical materials that have been cut off from abroad and are not industrially produced in the country.
In February 2012, the company’s wholly-owned company, Sky Engineering Ltd., joined with Yulong Chemical Group Inc. in Fuzhou to set up a new material company, and invested 200,000 tonnes/year in the development area of Jiangyang, Fuqing City, Fujian Province.
Intraamide project, a successful and smooth drive in 2014. The product met an excellent quality standard, which was then upgraded to 330,000 tonnes per year for the installation of single-line production, updating the world ' s record of the largest single-line production capacity.
And in the context of the significant increase in market prices for the products, the Māori rate for the plate is as high as 21.42%, an increase of 2.53%. As an important organic material, Hamamine has laid the foundation for China’s chemical future in industrial fields such as nylon.
nylon 66 (pa66) is considered to be the first of five major engineering plastics (polyamide (pa), polycarbonate (pc), polymethyl formaldehyde (pom), polyphene ether (ppo) and thermoplastic polyester (pbt)). With excellent combinations such as seismic, thermal, grinding, corrosion resistant, nylon 66 is widely applied to civil silk, industrial silk, engineering plastics.
Material, aerospace, etc., are important materials for the light quantification of cars, which have a wide range of applications in parts such as motor engines, appliances, car bodies, high iron body parts, turbines, propellers, propellers and slide bearings on large ships: also ideal materials for high-end yoga suits, fast-dry suits, ballistic coats, sub-machine clothing, etc.
The core intermediate is “crystal” and the supply of nylon66 is limited. nylon 66 is the core intermediate for the production of nylon 66, which is now used on a large scale by industry to obtain nylon66 raw material for dichloride. For a long time, the country has been completely import-dependent, nylon 66 prices are high, and its production technology is in place.
In the hands of a few large companies abroad, high prices have constrained the development of the nylon and nylon 66 industries, which account for about 40-50% of nylon 66 production costs. The availability of nylon 66 production capacity has become a key indicator of the safe and stable functioning of the nylon 66 industrial chain.
In 2018-2022, nylon 66 imports decreased, exports increased and national production accelerated. In 2022, nylon 66 imports increased from 27.29 million in 2018.
In 2017, a medium-scale test device of 2,000 tons per year was built. In 2017, the 2000 tons/mid-year test device output Qualified product, which was certified by a pilot application from a downstream user, met the high-quality nylon 66 raw material target and met the mass requirements for the polymeric use of Xyenium. In June 2021, it was printed by the Department of Industry and Information Chemistry of Shandong Province.
Issuance of the Circular on the Publication of Lists of Enterprises in Priority Manufacturing Industries and “Cyringers”, which became the new material nylon Specialized Industrial Chains and the high-end Chemical Industries Polyamide One New Materials for Textiles and Engineering Materials Double Chain Owners.
On July 31, 2022, the country's first production project for the production of brothadiene acetylene acetylene, China's first major plant at the New Materials Industry Base of Qi Qi Xiang Nilong, successfully completed the process, drove successfully and produced excellent products. The first phase of the project could produce 200,000 tons of acetylene per year, as well as acetylene, aditamine, nylon 66% salt.
The nylon 66 industry will grow with the collapse of the nylon industry. With the technological breakthrough of domestic firms, expansion of production capacity, and increased investment intensity, the future cost competitiveness of China’s nylon 66 industry will take the lead globally.
According to our previous nylon report, total domestic nylon 66 demand in 2025 will be an important new material in the bicarbon context. Aerogel composites are a new type of nano-heat insulation material that is currently known to have the lowest heat conductor, the lowest density solid material, with a very long useful life and a very high concentration.
The thermal insulation, super-high fireproofness and superior mechanical performance are known as “solid-state air.” According to the 14th Five-Year Development Guidance for the Insulation of Energy-efficient Materials, issued in July 2022 by the China Association of Insulated Energy Materials, air gel composites have passed 1300°C in aerospace, petrochemicals, environmental treatment, building temperature maintenance, etc.
In a two-carbon context, aerosols are a national priority, energy-efficient low-carbon technologies and strategic and emerging-sector classification priority products and services, with unprecedented opportunities for development. China’s aerosol market, which started late, is still in the early stages of development exploration; and it is gradually downstream.
Field acceptance and the continued expansion of its downstream application market will drive the further expansion of the aerosol industry, which, according to statistics, as at 10,000 tons of tons is needed for 103,000 tons, which is in short supply, with better market prospects. Moreover, according to the forecasts of the Huaan team, the market for aerosols in the area of automobiles and industrial pipelines in our country in 2025 is one of the best.
The size of the market will reach $6.4-7.7 billion in 2030, and 18.3-23.4 billion in 2030. If the growth in the demand for aerosols is considered in other areas, such as building materials, space engineering, daily life, etc., as well as in carbon neutrality and acceleration, the potential for market-scale growth is greater.
The 10,000 m3 silicon gel composites project succeeded in a single drive, producing the first eligible silicone gel composite insulation product, which was used mainly for industrial thermal preservation, while the company was gradually entering the new energy cell heat film industry. After the first phase of the project, the company planned a second phase of the silicon gel composites of 100,000 squares/year.
The three-phased project is a 150,000-mode/year silicone-based agel composite material that is accompanied by his new silicone-based material. China ' s chemistry has core technologies such as carbon dioxide supercritical drying technology, and the production process is intelligent and continuous.
Production patterns are in the lead in the country. Compared to the constant pressure drying, companies use supercritical carbon dioxide drying methods that can obtain more than 99.8% of aerogel hole, with the advantages of structural integrity, excellent performance, low labour costs, and stable industrial processes.
By-product production of methanol is 4,000 tonnes/year. China ' s chemistry will be built around silicon-based aerosol composites, upstream and downstream, and derivative industries, creating silicon-based materials innovation platforms, integrating technical and operational resources in areas such as multiple crystallized silicone, organic silicon, silicon gel, and industrial engineering.
By the end of July 2022, China’s chemical 50,000 cubic metres of silicone gel project was nearing completion.
Sale of silicon-based aerosol products. 3.4 The biodegradable plastic pbat project is driven by policy to welcome the degradable plastic to the wind vent.
A number of policy documents, such as the Opinion on Further Strengthening the Control of Plastic Pollution, “14th Five” Plastic Pollution Control Actors, have been developed to further strengthen plastic pollution management. The properties of degradable plastics that meet the requirements for use during storage are considered to be one of the effective ways to address the problem of plastic contamination, which has been the subject of cities in recent years.
Field attention. Pbat has better mechanics and resilience, process performance and thermal stability. pbat melting point is 120°C, low mechanical strength, but extension is 120 times greater than pla, is more resilient, has better heat resistance, and is more resilient, better volume extension and fracture-longness, good biodegradability, is biodegradation.
The market in China’s pbat market has grown faster in recent years, and the pace of construction has increased significantly. The price of the core raw material bdo increased considerably in 2021, resulting in a significant increase in the price of raw materials.
In March 2021, China's chemical-controlled company, Donghua Tech, and Xinjiang Sky Industries Ltd. co-invested in the establishment of the China-China Chemical Tianhua Industries New Materials Company Ltd., and the East China Technology Corporation.
51% of the shares, 49% of the Xinjiang industry, co-investment in the construction of 500,000 tonnes/year biodegradable material pbat, which was successfully mechanically completed in March, as a whole into the driving and trial production phase.
Xinjiang and Xinjiang Greenland co-invested in the establishment of the Xinjiang Green Biotech Company Ltd. and invested in the 100,000 tonnes/year Bdo co-production of 120,000 tonnes pbat project, with a construction cycle of about 26 months, with a model of pc-contracting, with a total project investment of about $3.57 billion.
In general, the company’s business projects are starting well, and the “technology plus industry” continues to have great potential. The company’s research and development efforts in the field of new materials for high end-chemicals are high, its technological reserves are high, and its potential for transformation into business is huge.
In addition, Chinese chemistry is gathering polyolefin flasks (poe), environmental catalysts, pbat, aa resin, polyamide, flame retardation nylons, nylons, nylons, nylons, nylons.
The high-value-added technical areas of high-value products such as nylon 12, gasification, mch storage helium, etc., have been sequenced into small-scale experimental R & D, mid-test magnification and industrial transformation of key technologies, expanding the product chains, industrial chains, value chains of R & D plates and business plates.
On July 31, 2022, all day long, the entire process and the production of high-quality amitraz products were completed with acetylene devices.
A steady load, cumulative production of more than 80,000 tons of acetylene, gradually increasing the load of dichlorfon and dichloride and achieving long-cycle stabilization.
On June 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, a series of successful cars at the pbat main facility of the East China Sky Industry produced 6330 tons of pbat.
Successfully achieved “started in the year in which it was built and produced within one year” Degradable plastics pbs and their key monomers, solid high-temperature gasification, polyamide and special resins, hydrogen oil storage techniques, etc.
4 Innovation strategy: Talent-based, technology-based research and development is nuclear, and Chinese chemistry is the most fully qualified, functional, fully integrated and technologically knowledge-intensive chemical engineering company in our industrial engineering sector. As of the 2022 annual report, the company owned the overall petroleum engineering portfolio.
PQ5 and PQ1 for construction, PQ65 for construction, PQ6 for engineering design, PQ7 for engineering design, PQ3 for engineering survey, PQ1 for urban and rural planning, PQ1 for steel structures, environmental protection, architectural decoration, etc.
China's chemistry is a “national team” for the construction of the petroleum and chemical industrial systems, and it has a technological advantage. In the field of basic chemicals, China possesses advanced world technology such as nitrogen fertilizers, phosphorus fertilizers, compound fertilizers, pure alkalis, chlor-alkalis, etc.
Technologies such as salinization are internationally advanced, and technologies such as sulphate, nitrate, ammonium nitrate are at the forefront of the country's water table; in the field of coalification, China's chemistry has access to the most core and advanced technologies for high-end chemical materials for coal, such as multi-pesser-to-pump water slurry gasification, large-scale shredded coal gasification, five cycling stoves, Shining stoves and one-step methanol.
In the petrochemical sector, companies are at the forefront of technologies such as refining oils, polymers, aromatic hydrocarbons, etc. In fine chemical industries, companies are at the forefront of technologies such as fluorine, methane, chloride, titanium powder, etc.;
In the field of phosphoric acid and phosphorus industries, the company has advanced, large-scale, green and integrated production techniques, which have been listed by the Ministry of National Information and Technology and the National Development Commission as green processes for the transformation and upgrading of traditional industries, leading to the design and construction of modern phosphoric acids and phosphorous chemicals in the country.
As of 2022, there were 13 national centres for enterprise technology, 1 national centre for energy research and development, 3 provincial centres for enterprise technology, 7 provincial centres for engineering and technology research, 7 post-doctoral research workshops, and 18 national high-technology enterprises.
Four hundred and twenty-one patents, 238 specialties: 401 prizes in science and technology awarded to provincial ministers and above, 366 industrial codes issued by provincial ministers and above, spearheading and leading forces for the industrialization conversion of science, technology and innovation. The share of R & D investment in operating income has been increasing every year since 2016.
The share of total investment in operating income has increased from year to year, reaching 5453 million yuan in 2022, or 3.46% of operating income. During the same period, the company ' s net profit to its parent was 5,415 million yuan, representing an increase of about 7% over the five-year period.
A large pool of good managerial and technical talent, including teachers, has brought together the major forces in the petrochemical, coal, natural gas and chemical industries, and other engineering sectors. The “10000” talent project, which targets the introduction and development of talent in priority areas, has created a unique management model in human resources management.
The increasing share of technical staff in the Division reflects the importance that enterprises attach to R & D and technology, the continued growth of the research and development workforce and the increasing competitiveness of the talent. (1) The risks associated with the volatility of prices of raw materials and major products;
(ii) safe production risks; (iii) environmental protection risks; and (iv) the project is not proceeding as fast as expected;
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.