Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) On the evening of 24 October, satellite chemistry published its three-quarterly performance in 2023, achieving business income of $30,882 million, an increase of 11.21 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $3,394 million, a comparison
A slight increase in the cost of raw materials and an improvement in the prices of the commodity during the season, with a significant increase in the three-quarter performance ring 2023q3 of $10,868 million in operating income and a 2.54 per cent increase in the ring; an increase in the cost of achieving the net return of raw materials during the season, with limited subsequent effects. Average prices of ethane in 23q37, August and September
+7.10 +7.10 As the median cost of ethane is high and stable, price increases have a limited impact on actual costs, adding up some of the advance stock gains, and the overall increase in raw materials has a limited impact on three quarters of profitability. As the quarterly demand for light hydrocarbon fuel diminishes, we think the raw material will start to decline.
Channels, as of last week, the average weekly price of ethane was 27.06 cents/gallons. The crude oil upscaling and repossessing cycle has begun, and downstream demand has improved. 23q3, the company ' s main product prices have improved significantly, with polyethylene/styrene/polyether large monomer/propylene acid/butylene/polyceneate/polycene.
9.66%, which supports the price of the chemical products. Meanwhile, with the start of the season's replenishment cycle, the collection of glorified materials has been further refined in the c3 product matrix.
The acquisition of satellite holdings and the investment of K$K in KJK is 70 per cent and 30 per cent of the new material in Jiang Sokwan, the satellite holdings are satellite chemical parent companies and KJ$KK is a subsidiary of the listed company executives, and the acquisition of the sum of US$1,524 million.
Tens of thousands of hp units, one of the projects of the industrial chain project for the processing and downstream high-performance materials of 900,000 tons per year to be built by satellite controlled in the Xu Xinjiang area.
On the one hand, the management line between the group and the listed company has been streamlined, while on the other, the list company c3 product matrix has been enriched with new projects such as hppo and acetylene, which allow for a significant increase in performance in the second quarter of the year, with high-end new materials.
In addition, the Hppo technology chosen by the company is a green process that is safe and environmentally friendly and allows it to take full advantage of the company's petrochemical self-produced hydrogen gas advantage and achieves its mitigation efficiency objectives.
The raw material cost advantage + high-input double-wheel drive.
On June 17, the satellite chemistry announcement announced that the α-vinyl hydrocarbons integrated use of the high-end new materials industrial park project had been contracted with the Park Management Board to invest approximately $25.7 billion in the project, and that when completed, the company would double its production capacity, further enhancing the advantage of the acetylene platform.
The increase in value added from phase I and phase II project products is evident and will be further enhanced by the company ' s profit center, in terms of profitability, by tons of α-vinyl hydrocarbons and 600,000 tons of poe devices, as well as domestic supply shortfalls such as polyethylene (magnesium), polyα-vinyl hydrocarbons and ultra-high molecular polyethylene.
The ethane supply chain has also been initially secured with the announcement of the expansion of the upstream joint venture terminal, the signing of a ship-lease agreement by China-China, and the rapid progress of the company ' s project.
(1) Risks arising from price fluctuations in raw materials and major products; (2) safe production risks: (3) environmental protection risks:
(4) The project is not as fast as expected; The data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, and are based on publicly available information on the market, without any personal assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.