Three quarters ahead of schedule, high-end new materials for satellite chemistry (002648.sz) growth
The incident company issued a three-quarterly report, which combined a business income of $30.880 billion in the first three quarters of 2023, with an increase of 11.2 per cent over the same year, and a net profit of $3.39 billion for the return to the mother, an increase of 11.4 per cent over the same period.
Operating income of $10.87 billion a quarter, 21.3 per cent a year-on-year increase and 2.5 per cent a ring increase; net return of $1.55 billion a year-on-year increase of $5.25.4 per cent and 36.6 per cent a year-on-year increase; increased raw materials boosted the gains from stock conversion, and companies ' performance of 03 exceeded expectations of 2303 being subject to international crude oil,
The price of ethane and propane, the company’s main raw material, has been raised by the effects of increases in natural gas prices and so on. Of this, the average price of 03 ethane is US$ 216.9 per ton, a 46.7 per cent decrease over the same period, a 39.5 per cent increase in the ring; and the average price of propane is US$ 626.2 per cent.
2.4 percentage points. On the one hand, the rise in the price of raw materials has resulted in a slight reduction in the price spread of some of the company ' s main products; on the other hand, we have measured that there are significant positive gains in the conversion of q3 raw materials, with a significant increase in the ring comparison, which drives the firm ' s performance to continue upwards. As steady growth policies continue to work, we see the process of economic recovery plus.
The multi-base project is moving ahead in an orderly manner, the integration advantage is continuing to consolidate the company's Green Chemical New Materials Industry Park project, the production facilities for each product have been completed or are nearing completion; and the new materials for the Pinghu Base are new.
The Source Integration Project, scheduled for mid-2023, will make more efficient use of pdh acrylate resources for the production of polycarbonols and the formation of an industrial chain of acrylic acid-acrylate closed rings; the Kagsing Base is accelerating the construction of a 26 million tons high molecular emulsion project to widen the lower-silent textile emulsions, coated emulsions, glues
In addition, in September, the company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, the company’s petrochemical company, acquired 100% of the value of the new material, and plans to promote the production of 900,000 tonnes/year-old herb material items, c3 industrial chain-related products in an orderly manner and further chain-relaying.
The Division contributes to the growth of performance, while also reinforcing the advantages of the company’s industrial chain integration. Building on the industrial chain’s advantages, the top-end new material in the code layout is that the company owns a complete ethylene chain with a relative depth of 300 per cent.
In addition, the company intends to invest approximately $25.7 billion in new α-FOA complexes in the city of Kanyun, using the autonomously developed high-carbon α-FOA technology, to extend down the layout of Poe and the high-end polyethylene, using a combination of the high-end materials industry project.
New high-end materials such as vinylene (mothermal), ultra-high molecular concentration polyethylene. Second, the company pdh and ethane fission ethylene devices produce large quantities of hydrogen by-products, about 72,000 tons of hydrogen by-products for 900,000 tonnes/year pdh installations, about 140,000 tons of hydrogen by-products for 2.5 million tonnes/year ethylene fission devices, and high hydrogen purity, which can be used directly.
Ten thousand tonnes/year (second phase) eaa installation project; the current phase of construction is well under way and is expected to be completed by the end of 2024. [Galactic Chemical] company point review_satellite chemistry_q2 performance ring increase, adding code for new material growth period_20230718
This report is presented independently and objectively, with a clear and accurate view of my research. Any part of my remuneration was not in the past.
He was, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Ren Wenbo, a doctor of chemistry from China’s Petroleum University (Waodong). He worked as a senior engineer in China’s oil industry for eight years, and joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018, mainly in the chemical industry.