Pharmacy 2359.hk/603259.ch: 3q25 Company 3q25 performance and new signing of single increases are significantly faster than market expectations, operating continuously throughout the year
Yoy, clearly better than market expectations: the company’s 9m25 income RMB 32.86 billion qoq) has continued to grow strongly in the same year, mainly because of the small molecule d&m’s income and tides’ revenue yoy, +16.1% qoq. With respect to profit margins, adjusted net interest rate of non-ifrs returned to the mother is one.
The increase in industrial projects, the efficiency gains from improved production processes, and more than anticipated income from smaller molecules d&m, the business of Tides, which continues to be a strong driver of 3q25 income growth, and the increase in the Māori rate. 3q25 wuxichemistry continues to achieve a spectacular growth rate (+22.7% yoy).
By the end of September, Tides had increased by 17.1% yoy from the same year in hand orders. In addition, it benefited from continued optimization of production processes and the growth of post-clinical and commercial projects (3q25 with 3 additional clinical phases, 3 more sessions, 3 more sessions).
Four commercialization projects have resulted in increasing productivity, with a 3q25-adjusted non-ifrs Māori ratio rising significantly to 55.2 per cent (+7.0 pptsoy, rapid growth, mainly as a result of the strong growth of new orders for small molecules d&m operations
Total market value (million yuan) Hot in the popular field (glp-1, pcsk9, pain management, nervous field, free of charge)
In addition to the above-mentioned revenue guidelines, the company maintains the guidelines for adjusting net interest rates at non-ifrs, i.e., further upscaling than in 2024, and management believes that more advanced projects, improved efficiency of ongoing production processes and fine-tuning of operations will help the public.
In addition, due to the delay in the capex payment point and the second half of this year's investment in overseas capacity-building, it is expected that the next year will be followed by further divestiture of base non-core operations in 2025, which will help companies increase their profitability.
The company signed an agreement with Takagi on 24 October this year to sell its clinical coro and smo operations.
With a slight deficit (9m25 net loss of $75.45 million) and a microprofit (9m25 net profit of $160 million), we believe that the stripping of these two non-core operations would help companies to increase their profitability over the long term.
• Other updates: (1) Early business is now being resumed, companies have observed more positive signals from clients, including a resumption of positive growth in laboratory testing operations for two consecutive quarters and a double-digit increase in hand orders at 3q25, with biological operations showing the same level since this year
On the one hand, the current geopolitical friction between Central America and the United States has not affected the company’s operations. On the other hand, the US drug tariff incident is not currently making a real difference to the company’s operations.
On the other hand, although the Senate version of the Ndaa re-references to the Biosafety Act, there are still many uncertainties about its subsequent legislative process, and the version does not mention the name of the company and therefore does not currently have an impact on its operations.
Adjust the net profit of the non-ifrs to the mother. Valuation of the target of 20 x 2026epe for the company’s port share
Promising and pessimistic scenario Pessimistic scenario: corporate growth is not as good as expected Optimistic scenario: corporate growth is better than expected
(b) New business growth is better than expected;
(c) Adjusted net interest rates of noon-ifrs above 30 per cent;
Net interest rates adjusted for non-ifrs are less than 20%; Central American geopolitics are better than expected.
(a) Unexpected growth in new business;
Net interest rates have been adjusted by noon-ifrs above 30 per cent; Net interest rates have been adjusted by noon-ifrs below 20 per cent; and Central American geopoliticals are better than expected.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Legion of Law-Poo Qing International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Poo Qing International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Provision of advice on securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as a professional opinion or recommendation of legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are given on the date indicated in the document, may be modified without further notice, or may not necessarily be updated to reflect progress made after the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not base any decision or action on investment, withdrawal or other financial aspects of the information in this report alone.
The presentation may be based on a number of assumptions, limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Poo-Bing’s international securities. Poo-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, affiliated companies (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or of the companies concerned, and may from time to time buy or sell them.