Performance growth has continued to be strong, and companies have again increased their year-round guidance.
Performance growth continued to be strong, with tides playing a significant role in chemical business. 1) Chemical business (wuxichemistry): 2025q1-3 company chemical business achieved a 14.1 per cent increase in business: Tides business remains the main engine for chemical business growth.
15 additional projects for the clinical iii period, laying the foundation for continued stocking of follow-up orders. 2) Test operations (wuxitting): 2025q1-3 company test operations yielding operating income Specifically, laboratory analysis and testing services earned $2.96 billion, an increase of 2.7 per cent, compared with 2.7 per cent.
Revenues from the Chinese drug safety evaluation operations have been rising steadily over the same period; the clinical coro and smo operations have generated $1.21 billion, a decrease of 6.4%, a decrease of 0.7%. The Department agreed on 24 October 2025 to sell Chinese clinical services.
100 per cent of the research business, including clinical coro and smo, is expected to be classified as closed in the company ' s annual report for 2025, with income and net profit splits in the first three quarters of 2025, not accounting for 3.5 per cent and 0.7 per cent of the company ' s total income and net profit on maternity.
3) Biology (wuxibiology): 225q1-3 company biology business continues its good performance in new molecular-type drug discovery services, accounting for more than 30% of the revenue contribution, and the company has again upgraded its year-round guidelines, with sufficient stocks of hand orders.
In terms of regional distribution, 2025q1-3 came from US client revenues of $22.15 billion, an increase of cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
31.9 per cent, or about 68 per cent, of the income contribution; $3.84 billion, or 13.5 per cent, from European clients; 13.5 per cent, or approximately 12 per cent, from the Golden House No. 127, Beijing West Side Street, Beijing; and $5.04 billion, or the same, from Chinese clients.
The certainty of sustained performance growth is fairly high. \triangleright \triangleright
Market Commissioner, with excellent professional background in pharmaceutical chemistry and experience in the operation of the pharmaceutical market, has been employed in broad-based research experience in the pharmaceutical industry and joined the Sinda securities in 2024, covering mainly the health service, cxo, life sciences upstream, Chinese medicine, etc.
Worked in Fangzheng securities, in 2023, in the CSP, in charge of research in the fields of medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, icl, etc., in 2023, and in the CKG securities, in 2023, covering mainly Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical trades, pharmacies, etc.
Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted. This report is produced and published by the Sinda Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.