Silver World's Wisdom Investment Company, which updates the World Wide Market 603259ch Investor Day: Tides continues and early R & D is starting to warm up.
The main points of the meeting, which was organized by Pharmacéncond, were, in our view, as follows: 1) Tides operations, 116.56 RMB.) There has been no change in momentum, with rapid expansion of production capacity and abundant pipeline reserves; 2) early R & D is showing further recovery.
China’s pharmaceutical expansion supports the development of Tides’ business. The company is scheduled to produce more by the end of the 25th century.
Wuji, cfa can expand to more than 100,000, significantly higher than 41,000 by the end of 2024.
In addition to the glp-1 project, other molecules in the pipeline, such as the ring peptide and nucleic acid project, have entered the commercialization or ppq phase this morning, which will result in an increase in the performance of Tides operations.
The business of Tides is a perfect reflection of the company's “following molecule” strategy, with 19 projects moving from the r to the d stage of the Tides pipeline, accounting for 1h25 new molecules in phase D of the Tides operation. The global share of future tides operations is higher than that of traditional small molecules (d phase ~ 16 per cent of cities).
Early R & D needs are more visible. Early research and development needs, both at home and abroad, have seen positive catalytic factors.
Li Ge and his co-activists are expected to stimulate the recovery of offshore biotech financing. As the largest investor in Hong Kong in early global drug research and development,
One of the enabling platforms, Pharmacy Condé, will benefit significantly from the recovery of early global research and development needs. 1h25, the company’s pre-clinical stand-alone growth rate was 14.5%, with new orders from US clients increasing by 19.9% the same time, and the demand of new molecules for research and development clients maintained strong growth, with 1h25pdc.
The company’s crdmo business model and forward-looking capacity-building have resulted in sufficient orders, firm’s strong enforcement capacity, and the efficiency and profitability of the delivery of orders.
The time it takes for the new plant to move from production to full capacity has been significantly reduced from 22.6 months in 2017 to 90/80% of output automation, while reducing labour costs while significantly improving the accuracy of the operation.
Maintenance of excellent levels of profitability. 1h25 companies with adjusted Māori and net profit rates of 44.5 per cent and 30.4 per cent are the highest in the company ' s history. Management is confident to remain resilient and profitable.
Figure 4: Dcf Model Sensitivity Analysis