In recent days, we have participated in the company's annual investors' opening day and visited the Thai production base. On the whole, more comprehensive and sophisticated data sharing and operations are taking place.
Share the market’s understanding of the company’s best profit margin and the confidence of Hu Zewoo and cfa in helping to further improve the market’s understanding of the company’s best profit margins.
The main highlights of investors' opening day are as follows: • The company is expected to maintain its advantage in long-term competition, thanks to a combination of technological development strengths, a crdmo integration model and precision camps: the company has been able to maintain its advantage over the past 25 years.
Continue to work with high-standard entrepreneurs, investors and scientists around the world to address the most challenging issues of global research and development. As new molecules of synthetic chemistry become more diverse and complex in the future, the drug is well developed (2359.hk)
In addition, the advantage of small molecules in long-term drug use and patient dependence is the result of the fact that the competitive advantage of companies in more complex molecule types will be more evident and that it is currently difficult for the world to find cxo firms that are integrated with other complex molecules, crdmo.
The company’s long-term vision of small molecules as one of the main treatments to meet the huge medical needs (comparable with other molecule types, including antibodies, nucleic acids). With regard to the city’s field occupancy rate, the company indicates that the company’s current market share in the small molecule area is around
Almost 16 per cent of the average value on March (million Hong Kong dollars) and 20 per cent of the market share of high-quality pipeline companies, with the Tides market accounting for the full api-to-forming capacity of the initial material, a marked increase in internationalized production and a single
In addition, management has indicated that the Division will continue to serve high-quality clients with differentiated capabilities and resources, which will also help to mention that the value of individual projects will increase further in the future.
In addition to the price advantage of differentiated services, the continued efficiency gains have helped to boost the rate of profit. The company has now achieved the best net profit rate for the entire industry (1h25 adjusted net interest rate)
In addition to achieving a certain price advantage, a firm’s strong operational efficiency will help it maintain a high profit margin. For example, on this opening day, the company disclosed in detail its capacity to climb the total market value (million yuan).
The slope efficiency, the size of the new plant ' s capacity to climb the slope (from the first to all of the response from the start of the first reactor, the average on March (millions of yuan) has been rapidly reduced from about two years to two + months.
This caliber does not include specific project-specific certified production, and we believe that the increase in the number still reflects the firm's strong climb efficiency and enhances our ability to maintain good company performance over the long term.
The company now has a massive commercialization of the ring python project, and the nucleic acid drug has entered the ppq level. Management expects that the nucleic acid drug will explode from the current rare disease to the big one.
In addition, the company's establishment of a formulation plant in Switzerland and the United States (the late commercialization of the formulation and the high demand for localization) is expected to release capacity in the medium term, the formulation is expected to become the next wave of income — the overseas capacity will be released in the medium term, and the accelerated expansion of the production capacity of globalization is expected to lead to continued currents.
From 4q26 onwards, the company will welcome successive releases of capacity from Singapore and the United States, including Singapore api (the first plant is expected to be operational in January 2027), Switzerland (the construction of 4q26 is expected to be completed), and the United States formulation capacity (middletown).
It is expected that 4q26 will be put into use, and the sterile irrigation/covering capacity is expected to be used at 4q27. Management has indicated that local hiring continues to dominate the grass-roots staff of overseas factories, while middle-level managers are sent in-country to help manage the system.
In addition, the company states that the increase in production started this year is expected to result from the fact that the overall production costs of the company at overseas plants are expected to be lower than those of competitors and are expected to help the company win competition in overseas markets.
It includes a variety of project-type capacity, including glp-1 (the overall capacity added by the company in 2023-24 was mainly created for the commercialization of glp-1). Management believes that global production and distribution (overseas agents, overseas api, etc.) can provide more business opportunities, and capital spending will be increased.
Better enabling companies will grow in the future: based on the company’s forward-looking industrial capacity and adequate productivity and utilization rates, companies believe that a sustained expansion of future capacity is necessary and financially feasible. A further upgrading on a meta-based basis (see our previous report for details).
Industry finance is expected to improve marginally, leading to the early recovery of corporate business. Companies expect that early offshore bio-technology finance will continue to improve after the Fed has reduced interest rates, even though it may take time to channel to a level-I market.
The explosion and the positive behaviour of secondary capital markets have led domestic firms to be exposed to early investment risks: geopolitical risks; a less-than-expected recovery of the financing environment; and a more competitive pattern.
Financial statement analysis and forecasting - Pharmacy Condt (2359.hk)
Promising and pessimistic scenario Pessimistic scenario: corporate growth is not as good as expected Optimistic scenario: corporate growth is better than expected
Client acquisition and project progress are less than expected; Client acquisition and project progress are better than expected; new business growth is less than expected;
(c) Adjusted net interest rates of noon-ifrs above 30 per cent;
Net interest rates adjusted for non-ifrs are less than 20%: US-China geopolitical relations are better than expected. Sino-American friction has escalated.
Pessimism: Corporate growth is not as good as expected Optimism: Corporate growth is better than expected Customer access and project progress is less than expected
(a) New business growth is better than expected;
(b) Adjusted net interest rates of noon-ifrs above 30 per cent;
US-China geopolitical relations are better than expected. Sino-American frictions are escalating.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
All information is collected and distributed to anyone without authorization. No person may use any of the information in this report for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as a reference to the purchase or release of information.
An offer or offer to sell any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as a professional opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transactions covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated and may be modified at a later date without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not base any decision or action on investment, withdrawal or other financial aspects solely on the information contained in this report. In addition to a statement of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sang’s international securities.