Wave Information (000977.sz) Tradingbuy Inter-District Operations
In the third quarter, it's warmer, and it's looking at the opportunities for high-speed growth in the next year's 'ai's services, and in 2023, the company published a three-monthly report of 48.1 billion yuan, yay-8.9 per cent of its operating income, net profit for the mother.
Improvements, 30% higher in the same year, 51% higher in the ring, and we judge that we benefit mainly from the warmer climate of the traditional server market. On the other hand, the net profit of the public division q3 continued to fall in the same year, but the ring increased by 301%. We think that with the macro, we are thinking that we're going to be able to make a big improvement in the market.
The economy continues to recover, Internet vendor spending is expected to pick up further, and companies will continue to experience a low Māori ratio of company traditional servers o3 and will continue to be affected by pressure from one server: company o3 Māori 7.82 per cent, compared to 3.4 percentage points, and will continue to be affected by supply constraints in one ' s upstream gpu
The stock, contract liabilities, and next year's Ai server are still expected to boost performance: inventories are 40.44% higher than at the beginning of the period, mainly due to increased company business readiness, or to pre-positioning of the Ai chip.
Upstream inventories are closely linked; contractual liabilities increase by 62.01 per cent from the beginning of the period, largely due to an increase in advance payments. We judge that inventory, contractual liabilities, which increased significantly during the reporting period, are more closely related to the i-server industry. Inventory upgrades or are affected by the related United States ban to pre-position related products;
Contract liabilities are raised or benefit from higher demand for domestic ai industries, supply is subject to upstream constraints, supply and demand power is tight, prompting downstream firms to lock orders in advance. We believe that, in terms of supply and demand, the future demand for a i server will continue to be high, and the variables remain in the upstream supply situation affected by the US-China relationship.
The company’s stock is expected to support the next year’s related performance, and future attention should be paid to changes in the supply chain. The company’s server is the second largest in the world, with 10.4% in the world’s cities, and the server industry’s leading position is strong.
Millions of yuan) represents a 52.4% share, with sales growing by 68.3% the same year, maintaining the world and Chinese markets first. Domestic digital economy construction has led to demand for multi-sector server procurement, while chatagpt belts have triggered a significant increase in global demand for ai servers, and companies have long-term deployments in the area of ai servers and have available them.
A strong technological advantage and a strong leader are expected to benefit first. We believe that the surge in demand in 2023 led to a sustained increase in the sale price of the ai server, which is expected to continue to outperform the market as a result of the company's earlier lock-in on the cost of electronics.
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be copied or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.