Murray's medical response to the epidemic is driving up performance, and overseas outreach is continuing to increase the visibility of corporate products overseas.
In the first half of the year, the company’s performance grew steadily, and life and information support operations were affected by the epidemic rapidly increasing. In the first half of the year, the company achieved business income of $10,565 million, an increase of 28.74 per cent, of which life and support business income of $5,343 million, an increase of 65.51 per cent.
The program provides remote care for patients and effectively reduces the risk of infection among health-care workers. The country has developed policies to improve the country’s disease prevention and treatment and public health response systems, and to further strengthen public health.
Overseas extension is ongoing, and corporate branding has increased. Companies have significantly expanded their high-end client base in emergency purchases triggered by the new crown, rapidly upgrading their international markets.
In the first half of 2020, the company introduced tm70 telemetry (1.4g), nsp high end injection pumps, nvp high end fluid pumps, nds high end pump workstations, ncs
New types of machines, such as the central station for infusion, nb300 baby respirators, 4k end-of-scopic camera systems, hardware, etc., dc-80a, dc-90 ultrasound, dc-30 Fullhd ultrasound, mx8/7, me8/7 notebook ultrasound, resonahepatus 6w/5w high-end examination machines and liver fibre machines, etc.
In response to the epidemic, the company placed a heavy weight on the mx and me series of high-end portable superproducts, and released an i-associated smart diagnostic tool. The Merivuhan Center officially launched its construction on 20 June 2020, including the Wuhan Institute and Wuhan Production Base.
In the first half of the year, the company grew rapidly affected by the epidemic, and we used the market price as of August 27, 2020, based on changes in the company’s performance and industry environment.
Corporate R & D results have fallen short of expectations; companies have not been expected to sell abroad as a result of the China-United States trade war; and companies have experienced price reductions for their products as a result of health insurance policies.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations