The Medical Health Research Centre reported an over-expected six-month period of expected long-term benefits in the construction of a health-care system of 32.70-35.1 billion yuan, with a median value of 3.39 billion yuan, an increase of 38-48 per cent over the same period; net profit from deductions from the back-to-back return
We estimate that the excess performance of the company in the first half of the year was due mainly to the fact that the growth of life information and support related to the fight against the epidemic was evident in performance, while the company ' s Māori and cost levels continued to be optimized and profits increased 1.
Quicker than income growth. From production-line dimensions analysis: 1) Life Information and Respirators to Support Production Lines, 2.
The continuing boom-Merry Medical Corporation Review, medical institutions, has significantly accelerated branding and market promotion; 2) the epidemic has had a positive and negative impact on the vd production line.
3. "Stable growth is what is expected, the epidemic brings demand, and instrument loads are increasing in reverse, laying a solid foundation for future reagents. 3) The increase in the volume of excess and mobile dr orders from the medical image line effectively compensates for the repressed super-demand.
4. The Express meets expectations, and the company's response to the epidemic is expected to be sustained by the recovery of the country's regular diagnostics and the demand for overseas anti-epidemic products, and 20202h performance is expected.
At home: routine diagnostics are gradually restored, with a steady recovery in biochemical, immuno-immunological, blood test and desktop over-sales. 2) Overseas: The global epidemic is still high. Life information and support products and new coronal tester needs will continue and are expected to boost company breathing.
The company is expected to benefit from the construction of the national public health system in the long term. The National Development Reform Commission recently issued an investment in the central health budget for 2020, with $45,660 million allocated to support public health nationwide.
Capacity-building for prevention and treatment, and the company’s long-term potential to benefit from the nation’s health-care construction process as a leader in the national production of medical equipment and as a national replacement for medical equipment. We continue to appreciate the company’s leadership in the national production of medical equipment, taking into account uncertainty about the impact of the epidemic.
(86221) 6023221 vuanwei@aiza.com.cn Industrial policy changes; trade friction-related risks; exchange rate fluctuations risk; dealer model risk, etc.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment