M.M.M. (300760) Medical Organisms Accelerated performance in the second quarter, ivd and image operations are expected to improve in the second half of the year
The performance of the second quarter has accelerated and business efficiency has continued to improve. Q1/q2 quarter revenue of $474/58.2 billion per quarter, or +21.4 per cent/+35.4 per cent per quarter, respectively, has increased significantly, while the demand for regular operations has gradually returned to normal levels.
66 per cent (+0.7 pp), with a total of 29.7 per cent (-2.9 pp) of the four rates, mainly due to a strong sales cost decrease of 2.7 pp, lower salary costs for new staff delayed by the epidemic, lower costs of sales off-line off-market activities and increased lead in life information and support operations, and an improvement in vd and video operations in the second half of the year.
Corporate income from life information and support operations of $5.34 billion (+62.3 per cent) and the Māori rate of 69.6 per cent (+4.3 pp) is expected to slow down during the epidemic, mainly due to a significant increase in revenues from gross products such as guardianship devices, respirators, injection pumps, etc., which are expected to slow the consumption of conventional reagents for international in vitro diagnosis of the plate, leading to a slowdown in revenue and a decline in Māori rates.
It is expected that more than 1,000 additional domestic loaders, 500 additional international loaders, and a robust layout of the stacking water line for the first half of the year will set the stage for the follow-up ivd operational reagents and the increase in the Māori ratio. The domestic market has gradually resumed normal purchases of desktop ultrasound since March, with two, three of them.
• Innovation-driven products are new and long-term benefits from new medical infrastructure and internationalization. The company has built an international leading medical product innovation system (mpi) and a cooperative production research system, with research and development costs of 900 million yuan in 2020h1, which is the same.
This represents an increase of 28.1 per cent, or 8.6 per cent of income, and as of 30 June 2020, the number of medical devices registered by companies was 688, an increase of 52.2 per cent over the same period last year, and the volume of products continued to grow.
1. Murray Medical Care (300760): q2 performance accelerates growth to enhance the capacity of critical disease prevention and treatment, and the construction of icu beds will drive corporate respirators, monitors, and overseas discharges of anti-epidemic products (2020-07-15)
As a result of the impact of the epidemic on the economy, the overseas market is also expected to see 2. Murray Medical (300,760): q1 continues to perform well and buy high-value products from companies. The company is also active in setting up new business, veterinary equipment, and hard.
Growth, with a wide range of medium- and long-term growth spaces, such as mirrors, joints, ultrasound knives, osteoporology, molecular diagnostics, etc., is expected to gradually contribute to new growth points. (2020-04-28)
Prospective and investment proposals for profits. Corporate globalization, platform development strategy for branded international equipment, 3. Murray Medical (300,760): Performance meets expectations, plus medium- and long-term development building blocks for solid R & D.
Merri Medical Care (300,760): Performance meets expectations, and the receipt of the bonds has not been, has not been or will not be subject to any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSI”) has the qualifications of the securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.