Méri Medical (300760) Medical biology q2 performance accelerated growth, anti-epidemic products released overseas, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
From home, .q2 net profits from overseas .q2 are accelerating compared to q1 mainly because of the increase in the Māori rate and the decrease in the cost rate. Of these, the respirator currently has 4000 to 5,000 units, and given the abundance of the orders, I expect to continue to contribute more than 30,000 units in the year: a guardian, a mobile dr, a portable colored super, and a pump for the first half of the year.
Life information and support products as a whole are expected to grow by more than 60% in the first half of the year, and in view of current developments in the global epidemic, we expect that the company will still have sufficient orders for anti-epidemic products in the second half of the year, that ivd and video operations will be affected by the epidemic and are expected to grow at a high level next year on a low base.
Sliding revenue has been under pressure, and by late June industry-wide consumption of ivd reagents (other than Kyoto) had recovered by 8-90 per cent, and is expected to return to normal throughout the year. The company, as the leader of national production, is expected to grow faster than the industry average. The country's ivd business is expected to be largely flat, while overseas ivd is driven by a new coronary test box of about 20 per cent, ivd
The overall rate of increase is expected to be around 5%; according to the instrument placement, the number of additional domestic light loaders in the first half of the year is expected to be over 1,000, with high-speed instruments accounting for about 40%, high-speed instruments for level III hospitals with higher output, and we expect that the company's chemical light operation will continue to grow in double numbers throughout the year.
The negative impact has been a gradual recovery in domestic procurement since q2, with the overall revenue growth in video operations projected for the first half of the year with national production poles for high-quality products, a new capital and internationalization of ivd operations and video operations for long-term benefits under a low base, and a new growth point in the organization of operations.
The public health prevention and treatment capacity-building programme, which focuses on the prevention and treatment of major diseases, and the development of icu beds, which will lead to long-term market run-off of products such as company respirators, monitors, injection pumps, etc., is expected to continue to buy high prices for companies because of the impact of the epidemic on the economy.
1. Murray Medical Care (300,760): q1 is a product that continues to perform well. At the same time, the company is actively laying out new business, orthopaedics, molecular diagnostics, veterinary devices, mirrors, growth, and medium- and long-term growth space.
The joint mirrors, ultrasound knives, etc. are expected to gradually contribute to new growth points. The long-line logic of the Division’s globalization and platformed development strategy is clear for international equipment flagships (2020-04-28).
M.M.M. (300,760): Performance meets expectations, plus profit predictions and investment proposals.
Device platform-type enterprise, long line logic clear, maintaining a buy-in rating. Murray Medical (300760): performance robust, further improved camp efficiency (2019-08-29)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.