The first half of the year was expected to be higher than expected.
In recent days, companies have published semi-annual performance forecasts for 2020, and 2020h1 expects to achieve operating income The net profit impact on shareholders in HND is approximately $87 million and is attributable to non-recurrent gains and losses after deduction.
The overseas epidemic continues to ferment and to catalyze the growth of corporate operations as a result of the global outbreak of the new crown, which has led to a significant increase in the demand for products such as guardianships, breathing machines, etc. for company life information and support operations, which has had a particularly significant impact on performance.
A market value of a share in circulation (millions of yuan) Quarterly off-shore outbreaks continue to ferment, multiple large population countries have yet to effectively contain the epidemic, and continue to catalyze the relative depth of 300 indicators.
In addition, the company began exporting new coronary antibody reagents to overseas markets in the second quarter of 2020, compensating for some of the effects of the epidemic on the in vitro diagnostic production line. The domestic health market has been recovering, and public health capacity-building has accelerated.
The epidemic has largely subsided in the country, the resumption of work has taken place in an orderly manner, and it is expected that with the complete resumption of medical consultations in the following three quarters of the country, the company’s three main lines of operation will be expected to maintain their current growth.
In the first half of the year, the Capacity-Building Programme for Public Health Prevention and Care was introduced, with more explicit policy guidance on the acquisition of medical equipment, which will directly expand the relevant business market. The company, as the leader of a comprehensive medical device, is expected to benefit more from the development of the industry in the current round of “new infrastructure for medical care.”
Further high-end market breakthroughs, with efficiency gains continuing to increase in business efficiency, have led to a significant increase in corporate branding in both domestic and international markets, resulting in a proliferation of high-end market client groups. At the same time, firms have continued to strengthen their internal management and improve their economic performance.
Camp efficiency and the impact of reduced marketing and travel during the period of the epidemic, the performance of the business shows a healthy growth of aaa_Mary Medical (300,760) quarterly report.
Profit predictions and investment recommendations: taking into account the fact that the epidemic has not been contained in the second half of the year, the annual aaaaa_Miri medical report (300,760) is an in-depth report (under).
Continue to benefit from the development of “new infrastructure for medical care” and maintain the “buy-in” rating Risk factors: the risk of less than expected deployment of high-end equipment and increased volatility in overseas markets