Murray Medical Care (300,760) 2020: maintaining a high growth rate, keeping an eye on overseas performance
Industry classification: Pharmaceutical biology Life information and support operations are growing at a high rate. During the reporting period, company life information and support products achieved business income of $534,343,390,000, an increase of 62 per cent and 26 per cent, representing a share of total operating income.
Large businesses are growing, with vital information and support operations showing the brightest performance as the largest business panel in demand during the epidemic, and growing corporate performance. The offshore client base continues to expand.
Single, products such as respirators, monitors, etc. go to high-end hospitals overseas, and high-end customers abroad continue to break down. The current overseas epidemic continues to spread at multiple points, with high levels of uncertainty about its development, and companies have the potential to penetrate overseas markets further, achieve overseas deployment strategies and maintain previous overseas markets to companies.
During the reporting period, the company ' s self-research project continued with an investment of $100,499,000, an increase of 29.06 per cent over the previous period. With regard to research and development bases, the company has established its ninth new research and development base (the Wuhan Institute), and the project is currently under construction and is expected to continue in the future.
On the product side, the company has introduced new tm70 telemetry (1.4g), high end injection pumps at nsp, high end fluid pumps at nvp, high end pump workstations at nds, and a range of biochemical and immuno-reagents to enrich its product pipelines.
The company is expected to take advantage of its own body volume and product liner advantages to achieve a price-for-priced market share that will guarantee long-term growth in its performance. Multiply. Long-term steady growth in the market for medical devices.
Air Capital Building S.S.A. Ltd.