The epidemic opened up overseas markets - mid-2020.
Revenues have been growing at a relatively rapid rate, increasing R & D investment consistently by 44.56 per cent over the same period. In the first quarter of the year, the company achieved $5,823 million in the second quarter, an increase of 35.43 per cent over the same period; net return returns of $2,140 million, an increase of 56.99 per cent over the same period;
In 2020h1, the company’s overall Māori rate was 65.96%, an increase of 0.73 pp over the same period. With respect to the cost of the period, 2020h1, the company’s sales and management rates were 18.13%, respectively, and the company’s research and development investments continued to increase in order to improve technology levels, with the company’s R&D investment during the reporting period.
A significant increase in the sale of disease-related instruments and a gradual return to normality in general-section operations, with company life information and support operations receiving $5,343 million in revenue structure (2020h1) based on a breakdown of business plates
As an area of business with the greatest demand during the epidemic, vitality and support are the custodians, respirators, injection pumps, and smart-assit solutions to help health-care institutions fight the epidemic.
Over the last six months, equities compared to depth of 300, the in vitro diagnostics business has generated $3.03 billion, an increase of 6.49 per cent. While the consumption of conventional reagents after in vitro diagnosis slowed down during the outbreak, the company strengthened the single machine products and models.
The layout of the cascades, the high-end five-class blood cell analyser and crp, the high-speed biochemistry analyser, and the high-speed chemical luminous immune analyser provide a sound basis for reagents. As the epidemic stabilizes in the country, the in vitro diagnostic operations are gradually returning to normal.
Medical video operations generated 2,205 million yuan, an increase of 6.67% in the same year. In the first half of 2020, by providing targeted Poc solutions, the installation of top-level hospital households at the international level increased the penetration and coverage of high-end and chain hospitals at the international level.
The domestic market has gradually resumed normal purchases of desktop ultrasound since March, with the rehabilitation of level II and III hospitals moving faster, and with the continued penetration of ultrasound products into the clinic, companies will be opening up more development opportunities in the domestic ultrasound market.
In the first half of 2020, with the global outbreak of the new crown, the demand for custody devices, respirators, injection pumps at the domestic and international levels increased, thus boosting the flow of life information and support.
Business as a whole has grown considerably. The brand influence and awareness of the company has been greatly enhanced, with many high-end market clients breaking through, giving the company more opportunities to grow in the future. As the epidemic has become normal, the country has put in place policies to improve me.
The National System for Disease Control and Prevention and Public Health Emergency, which focuses on the overall upgrading of the capacity of district hospitals, the strengthening of intensive care units (icu), breathing and infection units, and the further promotion of the expansion of the relevant medical equipment market, including bedside care systems, respirators, respirators, etc.
In addition, in order to help upgrade the emergency response capabilities and quality systems of laboratories at all levels of medical care, the company’s standardized laboratory is expected to further upgrade the level of testing and diagnostics in primary health-care facilities.
Companies, as leading medical equipment companies, are expected to benefit further from the development of the public health system by having a more complete product ahead of time, as well as stronger competitive advantages and long-term performance. The risks of changes in industry regulatory policy: product diffusion does not match the expected risks: product development does not.
Intended risks: market competition increases the risk: the risk of the epidemic increases. By meta-counts, the dynamics are 71 and 58 times higher, respectively. We believe that the company, as a leading enterprise in domestic medical equipment, now has a good market base and marketing network.
With the recent rise in global demand and the gradual improvement of our public health system, companies will be expected to highlight the vanguard advantages of rapidly expanding markets, increasing city ownership, and clearly growing performance. Moreover, because of the company’s long-term focus on innovative inputs, innovative products will be introduced every year, with future partners.
As product coverage expands, corporate performance will continue to grow. We look forward to the future development of the industry and the public sector, maintaining a “deprived growth” rating.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.