Epidemic catalyzing performance is exceeding expectations, high-end promotion is expected to accelerate.
q2 of which was operational, the overseas epidemic continued to ferment, and custody-type product-driven performance improved.
As a result of the outbreak and spread of the new overseas crown epidemic in q2, there was a significant increase in corporate custody income, while corporate overseas revenues in the first half of the year amounted to $5.013 billion, an increase of 46.8 per cent over the same period, of which Europe, the market value of the share of circulationa (billions)
The Latin American region grew by 91% and 61%, respectively. In the case of in vitro diagnosis and medical imagery, the spread of the epidemic slowed down, increasing by 6.49% and 6.67%, respectively.
As a result of the weakening of the epidemic’s demand for marketing, the company’s sales rate for the first half of the year was 18.13 per cent, while its management cost was 4.49 per cent, which continued to fall over the same period, increasing company profits. Filling the gap in primary health-care equipment and continuing efforts to break through the middle- and high-end market
Because of the short-term problems revealed by the epidemic, the public health prevention and treatment capacity-building programme, launched in the first half of the year, has clear policy guidelines for the acquisition of medical equipment, which will directly expand the container market. The company, as the leader of the integrated medical device, is expected to benefit more from the new foundation of medical care in this round.
On the other hand, as a result of the epidemic, the company continued to operate its mid- and upper-end markets. During the reporting period, the company introduced a number of high-end products, including nb300 baby respirators, 4k internal Psych cameras, rigid mirrors, resonahepatus 6w/5w high-end examination machines and liver fibre machines.
And a series of biochemical and immunological reagents. High-end resona7 certificates, which made Méri the country’s first manufacturer of medical devices certified by the EU’s new medical instrument code mdrce.
It is hoped that the penetration rate at the mid-to-high end of the market will increase further, and domestic production substitution will continue to accelerate. Profit predictions and investment suggest that the second half of the year is still partly widespread, and there is still a demand for custody products, but the first half of the year has had a significant impact on vd and images, and we have therefore made some minor adjustments.
Aaa_Mary Medical (300760) Quarterly Report Review _aaaa_Mary Medical (300760) Annual Report Review 6.05 and 7.11, corresponding to 65, 54 and 46 times the "buy-in" rating.
Risk factors: the risk of high-end equipment not spreading as much as expected, fluctuations in overseas markets.