On 27 August 2020, the performance of Méri Medical Services (300,760) grew at a high rate, and overseas sales accelerated branding.
Q2 performance is high, and life information and support operations are beautiful, benefiting from the epidemic's demand for disease-resistant products such as monitors, respirators, mobile dr, corporate q2 performance.
q2 achieved a revenue of $5,823 million in a single quarter, an increase of 35.43 per cent over the same period, which is expected to be due mainly to an increase in the Maori rate, an increase in incentives and incentives in a single quarter, exchange rate fluctuations, and 0.73 ptt below line. Income grew in all three business sectors, with life information versus support operations as a proportion of income.
The largest and fastest-growing performance in the first half of the year was the “Main Power Force”: Life Information and Support Business: Income of $5.343 billion, or 50.58 per cent of the total, a significant increase of 62.26 per cent over the same period.
N-series monitors, high-end products with creative/uninventive models such as sv-series respirators fast-tracked into inbound and out-of-country hospital terminals, significantly reducing product extension cycles, raising brand influence and market awareness, and laying the foundation for subsequent product release and increasing market penetration.
In vitro diagnostic operations: Revenue of $3.03 billion, or 28.68 per cent of total revenue, an increase of 6.49 per cent. The sale of conventional diagnostic reagents is under pressure from the drop in the number of outpatients and is now expected to recover, with more than 1,000 chemical luminescent immunoanalysis units expected to be installed or driven in the first half of the year.
Reagents continue to be released. q2 The demand for new coronary antibody reagents abroad has increased significantly, thus reciprocating the negative impact of the epidemic on the ivd industry, which is expected to continue to benefit in the second half of the year from the demand for test agents from the overseas epidemic.
6.67%. The impact of a season ' s braiding super business is significant, but since March it has been required to use the dollar securities company Research-Merry Medical Care (300,760) 2020q1 to cover the impact of the fall in the lotter, where mobile Drr has been branded on the international market.
In addition to the three core operations, companies are also active in orthopaedics, molecular diagnostics, veterinary devices, hard mirrors, etc.
In 2019, S.I.E.M.M.M.I.D. (300,760), operating cash flows rose significantly and costs were controlled.
Reporting - steady growth in performance, awareness of the disease ' s brand power - 1.42% (+0.3 pct), mainly due to reduced marketing promotion and travel costs under the line line. R & D costs are 8.55%, and investment in R & D remains stable, especially in high-end products.
As the largest share of medical equipment, Murray's medical care continues to move towards platforming, high-end, globalisation, and globalization.
Cards and technology were strengthened during the epidemic, taking into account the continuous fermentation of the overseas epidemic during the second half of the year, the company's life information and support operations or its continuing performance, and the ivd and video operations were largely restored, so Liu Hye Min
Risks from the impact of the new crown epidemic: industry policy changes: risk of declining product prices: trade friction associated with Central America; risk from product R & D; risk from exchange rate fluctuations; 1.q2 high growth in performance and significant increase in operating cash flows
To benefit from the epidemic’s demand for disease-resistant products such as monitors, respirators, mobile dr, the company’s q2 performance continued to grow. Business income was 10,564 million yuan in the first half of 2020, an increase of 28.75 per cent in the first half of the year, and net profit to the mother was 3,454 million yuan, an increase of 45.78 per cent in the same quarter. q1, an increase of 4,741 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 21.39 per cent.
Net profit attributable to the mother was 1.313 billion yuan, an increase of 30.58 per cent over the same period; q2 realized revenue of $5.82 billion, an increase of 35.43 per cent over the same year; net profit attributable to the mother was 2,140 million yuan, a significant increase of 56.99 per cent over the same year, mainly due to an increase in the Maori rate, an increase in incentives and incentives in the first quarter, exchange rate fluctuations, offline extension costs and travel costs
Increased sales of test agents. Figure 3: Share of revenue among the company ' s three major operations (%) Figure 4: Māori rates and changes in net interest rates of the company (%)
Operating cash flows have increased significantly and costs are well controlled. Corporate sales costs are 18.13 per cent, a decrease in comparison with the previous period. 2.66 pct, which is expected mainly to be due to lower cost of offline marketing and travel costs during the epidemic. Management costs are expected to be 13.04 per cent, a decrease of 0.58 pc, a decrease in comparison, mainly due to delays in recruitment during the epidemic and salary costs for new staff.
Increase in profit speed and significant increase in operational liquidity. Figure 5: Corporate fees, R & D rates (%) 2. Vital information and support business performance, accelerated branding of products in and out of the country
During the epidemic, companies demonstrated high-efficiency, high-quality, high-yielding, branding, and increased awareness of the country’s medical equipment. All three sectors of business income grew, with the largest share of life information and support operations increasing at the fastest rate, becoming the leading force force in business growth in the first half of the year.
(i) Life information and support operations. Epidemic-driven corporate custodians, surge in respiratory demand, company high-end n line custodians, rapid entry of high-end products, such as sv series respirators with a creative/non-inventive pattern, to internal and external hospital terminals, significantly shortening product extension weeks
In addition, the company's first-aid unit has been approved for building an upper-body solution that will provide a rapid response and match to the "Shoto Mountain" model hospital and a square-class hospital to enhance its brand power efficiently, qualitatively, and productively. It is expected that the important strengths and brand slogans displayed during the epidemic will help the company to further enhance its product visibility and recognition.
The epidemic exposed inadequate allocation of domestic medical resources, surveillance devices, breathing machines, etc., or accelerated release. Prior to the outbreak, there were about 80,000 in-country smokers, with millions less per capita than in the countries of Europe and America. After the outbreak, the country suffered from severe respiratory shortages, which exposed deficiencies in the allocation of medical equipment such as respirators in existing medical institutions, especially in the intensive care room.
On May 20, departments such as the National Development and Reform Commission published the Public Health Prevention and Control Capacity Building Programme, which proposes to accelerate the construction of the icu beds and the allocation of medical resources to compensate for critical public health incident prevention and treatment capabilities.
Further upscaling is expected to lead to long-term stabilization in subsequent tender procurements. At the same time, the persistence of the overseas epidemic has accelerated the spread of products such as company respirators on the international market and enhanced the competitiveness of companies on the international market. (2) In vitro diagnostic operations
In vitro diagnostic operations generated revenues of $3.03 billion, or 28.68 per cent of total revenue, an increase of 6.49 per cent. ivd sales of conventional diagnostic reagents in the first half of the year were under pressure from the drop in outpatients and are now expected to return to normal levels.
In the second quarter, the demand for a new coronary test box has increased significantly, thus overcoming the negative impact of the epidemic on ivd operations, and is expected to continue to benefit from the demand for new coronary test agents for the next half of the year.
Expanding the competitive advantage of the domestic market, while at the same time actively exploiting the international market through the epidemic, building brand power and making a sustained contribution to the growth of corporate performance. (3) Medical video business
Medical imagery generated income of 2,205 million yuan, representing 19.93 per cent of total revenue, an increase of 6.67 per cent. The impact of the epidemic, with some negative effects on sales of the best colours, has been offset by the increased demand from the company to carry and move dr since March, which offsets the impact of the fall in the overselling volume on the business plate, with the movement of dr on the international market brand.
The new product lines are rich, and dozens of new product departments were launched in the first half of the year, covering a wide range of areas, including high-end injection pumps, nb300 baby respirators, and 4k end-of-scan cameras.
In addition, the company’s ninth research and development centre, Wuhan Institute project, is well under way. It is intended to build a 2,000-person team to further strengthen the company’s research and development capabilities and ensure the sustainability of its products. In addition to its three core operations, the company is also active in skeletals, molecules, etc.
In the longer term, the epidemic will dissipate, normal medical needs will return, and the health system will be built or strengthened. In the meantime, we believe that more attention should be paid to the branding power that the company displayed during the epidemic and the importation of medical equipment.
Domestic and foreign hospitals have strong brand sticky and brand trust, making it difficult for import substitution to break through quickly. And, during the epidemic, both domestic and foreign, Murray demonstrated its ability to respond quickly to service, providing technical capacity for high-quality, high-productivity equipment, technology, and stronger marketing power.
Murray's health, as the largest share of medical devices, has continued to become platformed, high-end, globalized, branded and technologically strengthened during the epidemic, taking into account the continued fermentation of overseas epidemics in the second half of the year, corporate life information and support operations, or continued performance, while vd and video operations have largely resumed, so we've raised profit projections, and we've predicted that we're going to be able to make the most of it.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.