Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average. On 30 October, the company issued a three-quarter performance report with net operating income/motherhood profit achieved in the first three quarters.
30.711 billion yuan, an increase of 5.52 per cent/ 4.04 per cent over the same period, and eps 0.67 per unit over the same period, a steady increase of slightly less than expected, with orders saturated to secure future performance: 1) the impact of a significant increase in the returns on corporate financial assets collected/sold in the first three quarters of the year, with investment returns of $1.87 billion, an increase of 108 per cent over the same period;
(b) q2/q3 q2/q3 q2/0.2 per cent increase on a year-on-year basis due to a significant increase in R&D costs and a large base for the same period of the previous year; (c) in the previous three quarters, sales rose mainly as a result of prior advances received from owners for individual large-scale projects of the company in the first half of the year;
5. In the first three quarters, operating cash flows amounted to hundreds of millions of yuan as a result of the increase in advance payments and the issuance of bonds, among other things, as compared to the previous year. 6) The amount of the new contract signed by q1/q2/q3 in 2017 was $2799/1513.89 billion, an increase of the same amount.
Transfer of Zhenhua heavy industrial holdings, followed by strong expectations: 1) Development of core infrastructure industries for pooling resources, raising the core competitiveness of companies, and parties where companies and offshore affiliates are to be transferred through non-public agreements
On October 24, the State Finance Committee of the State Council returned the shares of the company's holding 29.99% of the stockholdings to the group and its proposed offshore subsidiaries, and the company still held 16.24% of the stockholdings after the transaction was completed.
Transfer, expected to be completed within six months. The company intends to use the funds it receives mainly for the development of its main business, concentrating its resources on the development of its core infrastructure business and contributing to the enhancement of its core competitiveness.
(a) In order to further advance the distribution of the “Five-to-Five-Small” in developed countries, the company’s wholly-owned subsidiaries were prepared by the announcement of 27 October.
The transfer of 100 per cent of the shares of the Canadian engineering company aecon, with a projected transaction price of Can$ 1.45 billion (approximately RMB 7.509 billion), will be an important initiative of the internationalization strategy to facilitate full access of companies to the North American market and to enhance corporate infrastructure/energy/mining internationally.
2) New contracts for overseas engineering in 2017 q1/q2/q3 are super-competitive for overseas operations respectively. 3) Major ideas such as “one-way” and “building a common humanity of destiny” were incorporated into the party's charters, and the logic of the long-term development of international engineering was further consolidated.
▪ The project has not progressed as expected: exchange rate movements and overseas market risks: the country has not changed as expected; and an analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that:
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.