A study on the dynamics of the East Rainbow (000301.sz) Revenue from the upward shift in the oil price hub and the serenification of zhangwb to be repaired@cfsc.com.cn
Geopolitical risks such as the Palestinian-Israeli conflict and the Russian-Ukrainian conflict remain uncertain, plus the remaining global production capacity is still controlled by opc+ and, with Brazil added as an observer, the global crude oil stock remains low, with an average of q3 oil prices in 2023
In addition, 2023q3 is guided by a corresponding increase in costs and the consolidation of construction in progress.
▪ Increased R & D inputs, better cost control, higher cost for company sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates of 0.26%, 0.35 pct, 0.66 pct, respectively, with a significant increase in the financial cost ring ratio, mainly due to interest
The company's strategic objective is to create and plan a 700,000 tons capacity while actively promoting the 500,000 tons Poe capacity project.
The company will also fully create a new energy green engineering plant in the whole industry chain of phosphate lithium phosphate material in Lake Kitbei. The project will build 500,000 tonnes/year of phosphate iron for phosphorous mines, 30 tons/year.
The company signed a framework agreement with the Saudi Arabian-American subsidiary. Saudi Arabia’s Arab-Americans are willing to move forward.
1. The Eastern Rainbow (000301); refining and increasing as strategic investors in the company, with a limited shareholding in the target company; and both parties' strong performance, and the long-term success of new material layouts
There is an intention to cooperate in the long-term procurement and supply of raw materials such as crude oil, the sale of chemical products and fuel production products 2023-08-13, and the granting of high-value-added technology licences.
Eastern Rainbow (000301: 22 years of stress, recovery-led performance repair, new materials, cooperation between the United States and the United States are strategic layouts for extending the upstream and downstream integration process, both of which guarantee
Long-term growth in the layout of materials 2023-02-26 Stabilization of the supply of upstream raw materials and expansion of downstream new material fields 3
Support, and also contribute to the process of internationalization of the company.
As a result of large price fluctuations in raw materials and macroeconomic changes, we have strategically introduced the company 2023 to Saudi Arabian and core products to restore the landscape and maintain downside risks; the risk of large fluctuations in product prices; and the project was not built as expected.
Risks; exposure to environmental policy restrictions; downstream demand less than anticipated wind risks; and cooperation with Saudi Arabia and the United States of America less than expected.
The strategy and the six-year experience of new energy research. Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemicals, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of vendor research, ten years of buyer research experience, good judgment of industries and companies through supply and demand relationships and changes in competition
In 2023, he joined the Chinese securities research program Liu Han: Material Engineering at Nakayama University/Master of Finance at the City University of Hong Kong, and three years of major research in energy chemicals reflected his research. I did not, and will not be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
It is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on the consistent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.