Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) third quarter report for the year 2023 released on the night of 27 October
Highest/minimum (millimeter) increase in financial costs over nearly 12 months affected performance, crude oil price increases supported and downstream demand repaired q3 performance was reduced mainly by a larger increase in three costs, with an increase in the financial cost round
$317 million, mainly due to additional financial costs due to refining and consolidation. Since the third quarter, the quarterly average price has risen by 9.66 per cent, owing to the frequency of regional tensions, global demand repair and the easing of the Fed ' s concerns about interest increases, as well as the impact of the previous oil price shocks.
Gains, on the other hand, provide price support for downstream products, most refined oil varieties go up, and three seasons of traditional seasons are added, aromatic oils continue to be profitable, the aromatic hydrocarbons are profitable and the high-end layout is rich in product matrices, and the scalding chain expands supply capacity.
In 2023, the company's "1+n" new energy new materials strategy became fully operational. After refining the integrated materials platform and pre-positioning the new materials, the company planned a follow-up expansion plan for eeva, acetylene, and degradable materials, and a total of future new materials.
The volume will quadruple, contributing to the company’s growing profits. At the same time, the company plans to invest 200,000 tons of α-vinyl hydrocarbons, 300,000 tons of poe, 300,000 tons of t/year octanol devices, 300,000 tons of esters per year, 240,000 tons of phenols/year biphenols, etc., with the aim of achieving national production.
Substitution and completion of the smelting chain chain, where companies will create a distinctive pooe+eva photo-voltaic particle with its two-headed industrial chain layout, the largest in the world.
1. Full-scale production of refining, demand is expected to return 2. Macro-voltaics lead to performance pressure, demand is expected to enter the lithium electric materials track, layout poe plus code
We look forward to a firm that, based on the advantage of a platform of raw materials of all kinds, expands its size through capital spending, achieves its strength and strength, while actively exploring new downstream materials and increasing product differentiation and value addition. Given the higher than expected volatility in crude oil prices and the changes in macro-economy, we are concerned about how the economy is changing.
The annual net profit is $4,082 million, $6,357 million and $10,435 million, respectively. The data and information used in the present report are produced independently and objectively, from the market, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of the information or of any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.