A new chapter in the war was introduced: on 27 October 2023, a three-quarter report was issued by the Eastern Rainbow, and in the first three quarters of 2023, the company achieved business income of $10,36.42 billion, an increase of 122 per cent over the previous period; and a net return to the mother was achieved.
A 4% increase; a single quarter net profit of $798 million to the mother, a 1667% increase to the same year; a drop in the ring; a better profit for company research assistant in the Hoyoart petrochemical industry; a drop in the ring; and a process of refining still to be repaired. At the end of demand, finished oils.
In terms of travel, 2023q3 highways, air traffic rings and rings are up by 7.36 pct; in terms of spinning consumption, 2023q3 domestic spinning retail amounts are up to high tremors and Brent's oil prices averaged $82 per barrel, a 20 per cent decline in the same year.
Oil prices averaged $86 per barrel in the third quarter of 2023, corresponding to 12.05 per cent of the year, ring + 10.55 per cent, and corporate cost-side pressures remained high. Prices at the end, finished oils, influenced by higher oil prices, increased domestic gas, firewood and kerosene prices at 2023q3, but compared to previous oil prices.
The fall was 269, 233, and 551 tonnes respectively. The AFOs, influenced by demand-side recovery, are still weak in overall price transfer downstream, with price differentials to be repaired. Aromatic aromatics, px, pure benzene, etc., are at a low stage of production and are more expensive than crude oil.
The price difference is 22 and +228 per tonne, respectively. As a result of the increase in the price of oil and the consolidation of construction projects, the old amortization has increased, the company’s operating costs have risen over the last three quarters, and the profit ring has fallen.
Millions of tons of capacity have been built and planned to reach 700,000 tons, while at the same time actively promoting 300,000 tons of capacity in the Poe project, bringing about the advancement of the whole chain layout of photovoltaic film. In addition, the company has set up the posm and polyols project, which is currently under way.
Construction began; the first phase of the degradable plastics project was advanced; and the lithium phosphate project was planned. We believe that the new material available in the company is well-established, the subsequent production capacity is sufficient to release dynamic energy, and the variety of high-value-added products is likely to boost the profit center of the company ' s products.
Introduction of strategic investors and opening of a new chapter.
At the same time, Saudi Arabia announced that it would sign a framework agreement with the East Rainbow to acquire 10% strategic shares in rainbow petrochemicals. In the future, both sides will be in crude oil, etc.
Long-term procurement and supply of raw materials, sale of chemical and fuel products, high-value-added technology, profit projections and investment ratings: we forecast the company ' s net return profits in 2023-2025.
\triangleright will benefit from the recovery of the industry in the future and rely on a large refining platform for the development of high-value-added products, and we will continue to grow our corporate performance in 2023-2025, maintaining our “buy-in” rating of the company.
Risk factors: risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; failure to produce as much as expected; \triangleright polyester fibres not profitable as expected; risk of excess refining capacity.
Mr. Zhang Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Council for Geology and Mineral Economics, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's Pool of Experts, Member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (chaired) for more than 10 years, conducted research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and presided over the “13th Five” National Coal Survey
In June 2016, China joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the coal industry. From 2019 to the present, it is responsible for research on large energy panels. Liu Hongqin, head of the Sunda Energy Pulsification Block, doctor, formerly an expert and assistant director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, and China ' s environmental science.
Member of the carbon-spiriting committee, working on energy transformation, carbon-neutralization, and petrochemical industry development studies.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical sector. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in petrochemicals.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.