A new show on a smooth-onward inverter, benefiting from high growth in photovoltaic storage and energy operations, German shares (605117.sh)
The company is mainly involved in the development, production and sale of electrical and environmental products such as heat exchanger products and change-of-frequency control chips, optical reverse transformers, etc., as well as the removal of humid and air heat-pump heat wind machines.
In the context of development and the rapid growth of photovoltaics, companies are actively promoting the expansion of inverter business and are expected to become leading firms in the domestic industry. The stock-to-house ratio is steadily increasing, with Māori leading the ahead, and there are good customer and technology synergies between the various businesses.
• Reverser operations are growing rapidly, with multiple advantages of storage products contributing to the growth of the company’s current products covering two main areas of photovoltaic grids and storage power, mainly to countries and regions such as Brazil, South Africa, the United States, and India, with exports exceeding 90%. In the case of micro-reverters, companies tend to drag four products.
It is expected that in 2022, the first eight products to be rolled out in the industry will be of significantly better power than their counterparts; on the side of the storage capacity, the company owner plays low-pressure storage reversors that are safer and more reliable than the high-pressure battery system and that it can support “intellectual load” applications and move away from the network at a much lower time than the equivalent, and exchange coupling functions can easily upgrade the existing ones.
Photovoltaic systems, with six time periods to install discharges, with 16 connections. In early 2022, the Department launched a large 16kw storage product for the European and American markets, which further enriched the product’s power range.
Thermal exchangers are one of the central factors determining the energy efficiency of air conditioning, accounting for about 17% of the cost of air conditioning. The company, thanks to its higher levels of production processes and management and sustained product development, has been recognized by brand-named manufacturers of air conditioning, such as American and Ox, and has become the main external supplier of air conditioning for the United States, the company ' s heat exchange in 2020.
The market share has risen to 9.2%, and is expected to remain at 10-15% in the future. Much of the domestic wetter business has increased brand reputation and applications, and can help companies to build high-end environmental appliances leaders’ brands.
German share: Reverser industry new show, sustained expansion of the traditional household electricity market 1.1, deep-farming, new business in the layout of the Reverser Ningpod Industries Technology Co. Ltd. was established in August 2000 and initially led by plastics, molds, gold.
and a small portion of products such as humidifiers: the subsidiary was established in 2007 in the German industry and the company started to operate in the field of circuit control, while the company began to be a United States-based accompanied producer of electrical products such as dehumidifiers, using air-conditioning heat exchangers; the company introduced business adjustments in 2015 to define the heat exchanger series, the circuit control series
The company is currently engaged in the development, production and marketing of electrical and environmental appliances such as heat exchanger products and change-of-frequency control chips, photovoltaic reverse transformers, and environmental appliances such as humidifiers and air-source heat-winders, while it is active in storage reverses, mini-reversers, and clustering based on frequency-transformation techniques.
The expansion of the business as a new growth point for the company, and the rapid increase in sales and profitability, is expected to lead the domestic industry in the future. Figure 1: Co-development of the company’s three main development poles and growth of the business as a counter-changer
The chairman and general manager of the company, Zhang and Kwan, are the actual controllers of the company, with a direct share of 24 per cent as of 20213, with a combined share of about 62.1 per cent and a more centralized equity structure. The company now owns three wholly-owned and controlled subsidiaries, of which German appliances and the German environment are mainly engaged in dehumidification equipment, air purification equipment, air heat pump heat.
The development, manufacture and marketing of wind machines, solar air conditioning, heat exchangers, etc.; the main areas of operation of German VTC are those products such as frequency control chips, frequency controllers, reversors, solar air conditioning, etc. In addition, there are two subsidiaries under the German VTC flag, travo, Suzhou, and technology development that further enhances the company’s core competitiveness and competitiveness.
German shares have been dedicated to product development and technological innovation for more than 20 years and have established two core technological platforms, namely, heat exchanger hardware, technology platforms and software platforms for frequency control, with strong new product development, technological innovation and autonomous R & D capabilities, with clear technological advantages in their domestic counterparts, and companies will flow directly in 2015.
The main nuclear team of the company is currently of technological origin, with a greater focus on upgrading research and development capabilities and increasing investment in technology.
Continuous introduction of high-end R & D talent and active construction of a Shanghai R & D base will then provide strong support for the competitiveness of companies, enabling them to remain technologically ahead of the industry and leading by talent.
On April 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 120, 120, 120, 100, 120, 120, 120, 120, 100, 120, 120, 120, 100, 100, 100, 120, 120, 120, 100, 120, 120, 120, 100, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 100, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 100, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 100, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 100, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 100, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 100, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, 120,
The successful and steady implementation of investment projects to raise funds and raise the capacity of firms to develop their own R & D and production capacities, optimize their product structure, help them diversify their industries into global excellence in the three major sectors of the company 1.2, perform well in the company's business, and support the growth of new business in reverse gear
The company’s business growth rate for 2016-2020 was high, with a combined annual growth rate of 34%, an average turnover of 3.03 billion yuan for 2021q3, a 35.6% increase for the same year, and a net return to the mother of 40 million yuan, a 43.3% increase for the same period.
In addition, the company is actively promoting technology upgrading and system extension for photovoltaic reversible products, accelerating the construction of investment projects, and is expected to increase its performance significantly as the subsequent production capacity continues to fall.
The company’s cost-control capacity has increased, and the technology for reverse changers has been gradually expanding. Since 2017, the cost rate has been falling year by year, up to 7.21% for 2021q3, down by about 1.12 pct from 2020.
In the field of reverses, companies, based on their experience with technology, talent and product development in the field of electronic control, have developed technology for reverse products, such as solar control systems with mppt algorithms, which can effectively increase solar power utilization and the power conversion rate of reverse transformers and ensure reversals.
Stability, with four inventions and one new, practical patent, and a continuous upgrading of R & D capabilities will also enhance the competitiveness of corporate inverters, which are expected to contribute to the rapid growth of corporate inverters.
Figure 6: Increased patents for research in the corporate reversible area Māori rates and net interest rates have risen and the share of the reversibles has risen rapidly. With the rapid growth in global photovoltaic converter demand, the company has accelerated its layout inverter business, due to higher revenues for the reversors, especially storage.
Also with a high Māori ratio, the overall Māori rate and net interest rate of 2021q3 has gradually risen to 22.06 per cent and the downward trend, with the rapid growth in sales and collections of corporate reverses products, the share of the circuit control series rising to 23.21 per cent.
At present, corporate solvency indicators are at a reasonable level, with good asset liquidity and a coherent asset-liability structure that can effectively enhance corporate resilience to risk and achieve sustained and stable corporate growth over the long term. Corporate cash flows are excellent, yielding higher than operating risks.
The net amount of $506 million, an increase of 106 per cent over the previous year, is mainly related to the growth in the scale of sales of corporate reversibles and the acceleration of repayment management; net cash flows from financing activities during the same period were larger as a result of the large amount of equity raised by companies on the market. Cash holdings of 2021q3 increased significantly to $1,115 million, with sales goods receiving labour.
Cash in the amount of $1.735 billion increased to 57 per cent, and sufficient cash can be invested in the company ' s future projects and figure 11: good corporate cash flow performance, figure 12: high corporate income ratios reduce operating risk
There is a steady growth in the domestic electricity-series product industry and a rapid expansion of inverter operations The company currently has mainly heat exchangers (evaporations, condensers), environmental appliances (domestic dehumidifiers, industrial dehumidifiers, air purifiers, air-source heat pumps, solar air conditioners, etc.), circuit control (reverse changers, change frequency control cores, etc.).
Three major product lines, such as the heat exchange series and the downstream of the variable frequency control chip product, are mostly home-based air conditioning manufacturers. Traditional business such as company heat exchangers and dehumidifiers is growing steadily, brand influence is deepening, along with the upgrading of their R & D advantages, the release of investment project capacity, and so forth.
The rapid growth of the inverter business and the further expansion of domestic and foreign markets in India, Europe and North America are expected to lead to a rapid increase in corporate profitability in the future.
According to the Worldmackenzie data, global reversals grew rapidly in 2020, amounting to 185gw, or 46% more than in the previous year. Of these, China, the sun power source, was the second highest global output, with a combined market share of about 43%, plus domestic reversals.
Businesses such as Gurevat, Cambo Technology, Upper Power Electric, and Gudwei are in the top 10 ranks, and the six reverse-changers have a global market share of about 59%. In the future, as domestic reverse-changers invest more in research and development, brand advantages, and sales channels are built, the global share of domestic reverse-changers is expected to reach 75% in 2025.
Overseas Māori has a higher rate of Māori and a higher value for money than ever before. The industry is more mature, its clients are more focused on product performance, etc., and its price sensitivity is weak.
High profits also encourage domestic inverters to grow more rapidly abroad. Moreover, domestic inverters, such as solar power and solid Dewey, sell far less than foreign firms, and can further raise their share of the market in the future through price strategies.
Figure 16: The rate of Māori overseas by domestic reversors is significantly higher than in the country figure 17: In 2019, foreign revertor enterprises experienced higher unit prices for their products, and the export of reversibles increased rapidly.
The demand for outer machines has been gradually recovering, the relative advantage of domestic production in reverses has been accentuated, domestic reverses exports have continued to grow, and the pace of globalization has accelerated. Between 2018 and 2020, our reverses exports rose from $1.85 billion to $1.38 billion, with an average annual increase significantly higher than the rate of growth in foreign photovoltaics.
There are 43.7 million, or 43 per cent, more than the previous year, and exports amount to $5.13 billion, or 47 per cent. In the future, with a gradual recovery in the demand for offshore aircraft and a rapid increase in domestic reversible exports, the profitability of enterprises will increase significantly, and the share of national reversibles is expected to rise further.
With the rapid penetration of the cluster in the field of centralized power stations and distributions, in 2021 the cluster inverters continued to dominate the market, accounting for about 69.6 per cent of the total, and in 2022, due to the high penetration of the cluster intensities and the rapid development of the distributed photovoltaics under the power-restricted policy and the push of the county as a whole, it is expected that the cluster inverters will increase to a higher proportion.
In addition, the current market share of the mini-reverser single-watt price at the component level is relatively small, with the global market for the micro-reverser sector expected to be about $9.2 billion in 2020, the distribution machine microreverser penetration rate is about 12 per cent, and will be associated with the emphasis on safety performance by downstream customers and the rapid development of the distributed light-volt machine.
The advantages of mini-reversers such as small power, high safety coefficients, long life, etc., are further than those of a group of inverters, which highlight the rapid increase in their market share, which is expected to reach 22 per cent penetration by 2025, and figure 20: 2022, which is expected to continue to dominate.
Figure 21: The market size of the micro-reverser sector is expected to expand rapidly due to the volatility of new energy sources, such as photovoltaics, wind power, plus power-restrictive policy implications, business-restrictive-frequency demand and the advancement of domestic renewable energy storage and energy policies (currently issued in several provinces of the country, requiring wind and light clothing)
In the future, the storage market will continue to grow at a high rate. As a “control hub” for the storage system, the storage-reverser will account for about 20% of the cost of the storage system, and the market size of the storage-reverse in 2020 is projected to increase by about 12.7gw, or 30%.
The economy of storage is further enhanced by a step-by-step clean-up, with a reduced rate of return on projects that install photovoltaics alone, allowing more potentials to begin to consider installing storage systems before the installation of photovoltaics, benefiting from an increase in the willingness of customers to install them. The global market for storage reversibles is expected to continue to grow steadily, and is expected to reach 17.4gw.
As a result of the increase in green construction spending and zero-energy housing, as well as rising energy costs, the world’s household reserves continue to grow rapidly. In recent years, governments have been active in introducing subsidies for household photovoltaic storage, with countries such as the United States of America and Australia installing larger household reserves due to higher electricity prices and Australia’s 2015-2020 household reserves.
The number of installed systems exceeds 80,000. Overall, the global household storage capacity was 2.3 gwh in 2020, and is expected to reach 93.4 gwh, cagr, 110% in 2025, as photo-voltaic penetration accelerates with photo-voltaic + storage compatibility.
The rate is higher than about 13 pct of the PVCR and the PVCR production lines are adjusted to allow for coline production. The PVCR manufacturers have the advantage of client coordination, channel construction, and are active in the development of household use and industrial storage, allowing new products to have a strong competitive advantage in the new PX track.
Figure 24: Rapid growth expected in the storage energy market installed by households Figure 25: Higher ratio of storage reversibles to grid reversibles 2.2, robust growth in the traditional white domestic electricity market and steady increase in corporate market share
2.2.1, Thermal exchangers tied downstream air conditioning manufacturers, with significant technological and scale advantages, are now in a period of steady development in our country's air conditioning industry, with the three leading corporate brands of Geary, America and Haile continuously increasing competitiveness, with the three brands having a market share of more than 70% in 2020.
One of the components, the quality of which is central to the energy efficiency of air conditioning, is that the heat exchanger (evaporation, condenser) is, at cost, the main component of air conditioning, accounting for 17% of the cost of air conditioning. With China becoming the main producer of domestic electricity such as air conditioning, the domestic heat exchanger industry is also in the boom phase, and it is affected by the epidemic in 2020.
In China, the market for air-conditioning has fallen, with heat exchangers falling by 4.1% to $22,550 million on a year-on-year basis. With the combination of effective control of the epidemic, the proportion of variable-frequency air-conditioning products relative to rising and favourable policy factors, it is expected that the market for domestic air-conditioning markets will become more innovative in 2022.
Figure 27: The size of the market for air-conditioning heat exchanger products in the Central African countries has declined. The company, as the country’s main heat exchanger, currently produces products such as evaporation and condensers, mainly for refrigeration systems such as air-conditioning, evaporation devices for internal air-conditioning units, condensers for external air-conditioning units.
With a high level of production processes and management and sustained product development capabilities, brand-named manufacturers of air-conditioning, such as American, Oxyx, have endorsed and become America’s major external suppliers of air-conditioning. As the main exchanger for corporate revenue, the market share has grown steadily, rising to 9.2%, and is expected to remain 10-15% in the future.
Figure 28: The share of the market for company heat exchangers has risen to 9.2 per cent, the domestic penetration rate of environmental appliances has increased, the product coverage of multiple applications has increased, and the country ' s environmental appliances industry is currently growing rapidly, with an increasing number of electric companies involved in the field of dehumidifiers.
Currently, there are three main types of plants for the production of dehumidifiers; one is a home-based air-conditioning enterprise, represented by gravity and beauty, dominated by the production of domestic humidifiers, which have a clear advantage in technology and in domestic and foreign distribution channels; the other is a commercial air-conditioning enterprise, represented by Turing and York, which focuses on the development of industrial humidifiers, which are characterized by high technical content; and the third is a professional industry.
China’s position in the global market for humidifiers is not significant. Especially domestic humidifiers, which have always been export-oriented, have just been Chinese.
China’s low consumer awareness of domestic humidifiers, mainly due to lack of awareness of consumption, restrictions on consumption levels, and lack of publicity, has somewhat discouraged the growth of the domestic market for humidifiers. The current prevalence of humidifiers in China is much lower than in countries like Europe, America, and Japan, with rising living standards, consumption, etc.
Wet removal products are becoming more popular among domestic consumers and the market is expanding. The global dehumidification market was over $16 billion in 2020, and the domestic share is expected to rise steadily to 17%, and the global share is expected to break out in 2027.
Figure 31: The share of the domestic dehumidifier market has steadily increased, and sales are expected to increase.
In 2020, the German share dehumidifier market rose to 25.6%, ranking first in the industry. During the period of 618 of 2021, the German industry finished the dehumidifier.
In response to the current low prevalence of dehumidifiers in the country, in recent years, German shares have been used for Chinese consumers, and have been designed for four pain spots that interact with humans, are easy to collect, secure, and remotely controlled.
Optimizing. To achieve the four-season use of dehumidifiers, innovative dry clothes and air purification functions were developed, more humidifiers were given, more use scenarios were created, and it was hoped that the prevalence of domestic humidifiers would be increased rapidly, depending on China’s great market advantages and strong Internet technology resources, with the accumulation of German brands and reputations, with a 17% consumer buy-back rate from the side.
The consumer's recognition of German dehumidifier brands and product quality is reflected in the rapid rise in the market rate of humidifiers and harvests in support of the company's leadership in the high-end environmental appliances industry.3 The coverage of corporate reversible products and the demand for storage power drive business development.
The company, as a new photovoltaic inverter, now covers the two main areas of photovoltaic grids and storage power, including the mini-reversers, the cluster inverters, which are mainly used in distributed photovoltaic construction; and the storage of energy inverters.
More of the low-pressure high-power products for corpses have also begun to set the business energy storage scene. Hundreds of dollars, an increase of 234.76% over the previous year, a combined annual growth rate of over 200% over the last three years, and a high-speed, long-term company-reverse business.
The German share-in-transformation business is growing rapidly, with both high storage and export ratios. By product category, 2021h1 has about 48% of storage-reversers and is expected to rise to about 70% in the future, compared with sunlight power.
In addition, domestic reversors have increased the pace at which they go out to sea, and companies have continued to increase their sales abroad, with exports exceeding 90 per cent, with existing product sales mainly in Brazil, South Africa, the United States, India, and other countries.
Corporate inverters are produced in a sale-sale mode, sales are mainly in a distribution mode, and in 2018 the company successfully developed new customers such as ksolare, an Indian customer, with a significant increase in both unit prices and sales. With the company’s former customers, such as India, the United States, Pakistan, etc., increasing recognition of their products and continuing development in Europe, the company is actively engaged.
Channel construction, as of December 2021, the company owned 17 overseas reversellers and one storage power system vendor, in addition to approximately 57 installers in Brazil, Poland and South Africa using German brand reversors. Figure 40: Multi-regional reversors worldwide use German brands
At present, due to factors such as strong domestic competition, companies are focusing on the foreign household reverses market, where Internet reverses products are sold mainly to emerging markets such as Brazil and South Africa, and energy reversion products are sold mainly to the United States, South Africa, Pakistan, etc., as one of the major players in the Brazilian solar reversion market, the share of German shares in 2020.
About 17%, Brazil was also the first market for corporate inverters in the first three quarters of 2021, accounting for about 28%, and the company’s market share is expected to rise further in the future, in close cooperation with local photo-sellers. Meanwhile, companies are actively promoting Germany, the United Kingdom, and the United Kingdom.
The expansion of overseas markets, such as Australia, and the development of a single large clientele, has facilitated cooperation with various distributors. Moreover, the rapid growth of distributed markets in the country has been accompanied by active advocacy activities by companies working with companies in the field of photovoltaics in the country, which will also contribute to a steady increase in the share of the domestic market for inverters.
As a result of policy and subsidy support, the domestic distribution of photovoltaics has been growing rapidly, with a significant increase in the proportion of households using photovoltaics, which in 2021 accounted for 40 per cent of the total, becoming the largest new type of photovoltaic project, led by a policy-led increase of 113 per cent in the same size, and the household use of photovoltaics to accumulate about 41.8gw, accompanied by investment patterns and major investors.
In 2022, the size of the additional installed aircraft is expected to rise further to 30 to 35gw. The company is also active in overseas markets, as well as in domestic markets. Given the high value for money of the company’s products, the company will actively promote the country by working with domestic home-based photovoltaic distributors.
Intra-market development is expected to further expand the corporate advantage of overseas households to the domestic market in the future, with a further increase in the market share of inverters. As smart power grids develop and system stability and security requirements rise, overall, for self-service commercial grid-connected power stations
It is the need to install a powerless compensation device (svg) to increase the power factor (pf), which, because of the low pf value, increases the loss of the grid, the national grid imposes certain requirements on the power factor in a non-compassionate situation. If the PV is capable of regulating power and powerlessness, it can balance pf without additional svg being required to avoid it.
Power loss to minimize power losses, thereby avoiding penalties from power suppliers, improving the quality of the grid and reducing electricity cost expenditures.
Support functions, such as inverter non-moderator technology, have gradually highlighted the fact that companies, using technology such as high frequency variant frequency (HF) control (HF) level circuit settings, can provide a complete and flexible incoherent function for incompetence to meet best practice standards and local requirements, have obvious voltage control effects, increase grid stability and reduce additional grid installation.
Power factors compensate for the cost of the equipment and increase the owner’s earnings. In addition, the company’s reverse changer meets the U.S. ul certification that it can be equipped with 500-w photovoltaic components with long-range fast-release capabilities that can guarantee the safety and reliability of the photovoltaic system and that can effectively help companies to take further advantage of the United States-based and other reverse changer markets, and the company’s share in the market is expected to rise rapidly.
3.2. Safety requires gradual upgrading, with microreversers facing development opportunities, and with the rapid development of household/small commercial photovoltaic power scenes, emblem reverses are of high interest to downstream customers.
Fluctuation, which meets the requirements of “component-level electrical power” independently controlled by individual components, direct currents when the system operates, generally below 80v, and is significantly superior to other components in areas such as fire risk resolution, rescue risk, etc., becoming the dominant choice for end users in a safe and above-the-ground household setting, in a globally distributed photovoltaic system
The safety problems, such as straight flow arcs, will become more pronounced with the increase in the useful life of a string inverter, which is more than in the case of a chain inverter or a chain inverter + breaker/optimator mode, which handles the transmission of a live electrocution,
Fires and rescue risks have significant advantages, and the system operates and closes at low-pressure levels.
The market space will grow significantly in the future. Given the advantages of the experience of micro-reverser users, but the high price, which is used in the residential user market for a small amount of money, in 2019 it will be about 64.4%, and in the future it will be expected to increase rapidly with the rapid growth of household light.
Euro-American countries have higher prices for photovoltaic access, and customers are less sensitive to the price of reversible products, leading to a greater advantage for micro-reversers in terms of safety, power efficiency, reliability, and flexibility than in the country. From the regional distribution of micro-reverters markets, because Nec2017 in the United States imposes a component level on all households.
Dismantling of equipment to ensure that the direct current end voltage can be reduced to less than 80v after an accident to reduce the risk of rescue in the event of a fire. High household safety requirements have resulted in higher demand for microreversers. North America and Europe are currently the two largest markets for microrevertors, accounting for 86 per cent of the total in 2020.
Classes, mainly used in household distribution scenarios, allow maximum single power point tracking of each photovoltaic component, improve overall efficiency of the photovoltaic system and reduce safety risks. Currently, the United States is a global leader in microreverters, with a microreverse product output range of 0.22-0.65kw.
Better than a colleague, one of the world’s producers with a full range of product capabilities, which offers a good choice for the end-user, and is expected to earn a further market share in the future. One of these companies drags four products with a capacity of up to 2000w, with a high capacity of 600, 550w light-voltage components, accompanied by an increase in the penetration of 210 large-sized components, and a micro-reverse of the company.
With the increase in the number of photovoltaic components that can be connected by individual microreversers, microreversers are able to provide independent input for each photovoltaic component connected (i.e., they do not change the component level security of each component in reverse)
At the same time, the re-use of a part of the device reduces the cost of a single-watt conversion. Currently, the enphase microreverse transformer is dominated by one drop, the company ' s microreverse is more stable and connected, and the main product is a drag-and-reverse transformer, that is, four components per microreflection, which enables component-level monitoring and optimization of working methods.
A higher power input would further reduce the single-w cost of the inverter. The company is now actively pushing the product up to date, with a new eight micro-reverser expected to be rolled out in 2022, with a more pronounced value-for-money advantage, which would also help the company further seize its share of the market for micro-reversers such as the United States and Europe.
3.3 The demand for storage capacity has risen rapidly, with multiple-facilitating companies increasing their capacity operations The income from the sale of storage reversibles has increased rapidly, and the share of companies has risen rapidly. The sales of storage reversibles by 2021h1 have generated revenues of about 180 million yuan, an increase of 285.62 per cent over the previous year, with product harvests and annual growth rates higher than those of Gudwe and Jump Technologies.
In response to the rapid growth of global storage markets, firms are actively expanding their production capacity, which is expected to increase by 15,000 units in 2023. In addition, the company ' s storage capacity is being marketed more to overseas markets, the main layout users are applying side storage capabilities, and domestic reserves are growing rapidly owing to policy and market factors, as companies actively deploy domestic channels and promote projects.
In the future, companies are expected to take further advantage of the domestic stock market by increasing their investment in technology research and development, and multi-product companies are expanding the stock market. Since 2017, the German stock market has introduced the first-generation hybrid sun-8k-sg to the North American market as a true split in China’s first paragraph.
Combining inverters, which enjoy a good reputation and appreciation for their intelligence, performance and high value relative to the United States market. The company has a growing stock of reversible variable products, which now consist mainly of 3-3.6, 3.6-5kw, 5-8kw single-phase inverters, and 8-12kw three-phase inverters, which can support the use of diesel generators and can send control signals on or off under set conditions.
Shut-down diesel generators to ensure 24h*7 days of continuous power supply for the system. Currently, German storage reversors have become one of the most popular Chinese brands in South Africa, Pakistan, and the United States, while companies have launched large 16kw storage products for the European and American markets, which can further enhance the competitiveness of their products.
Figure 53: The company ' s storage power product covers 3kw-12kw, lowers electricity costs, supports " grid peak applications." The photovoltaic energy storage system can store or sell excess energy in batteries and, when needed, release battery power from use when it is made available to household loads.
Reducing electricity costs and achieving optimal household energy conservation solutions, according to the number of community energy storage projects in Ludwig, it is estimated that the installation of storage systems will reduce electricity costs by about 59%. In addition, corporate products support the “peak power grid application” by allowing customers to set their own maximum power grid output power, with the remaining energy being supplemented by photovoltaics and batteries.
The use of electricity rates can be significantly reduced, while increasing the dynamic stability and reliability of the grid. Primary low-voltage storage reversors reduce safety risks. There is increasing attention to the safety of photovoltaic power stations and solar energy storage systems. Battery capacity cannot be easily expanded due to battery balance problems, and the current low-pressure storage revers are more suitable.
The company has been focusing on the safety and reliability of the system and has developed a three-phase mix inverter with 40-60v voltage, using 48v low-voltage batteries, which are safer and more reliable than high-voltage battery systems in terms of core balance and bms protection, and usually only 14 series or 16 knots.
Battery, which ensures that the battery system is at an appropriate low voltage level, which reduces the risk of shock and fire. In addition, the company ' s new sun-3k-sg04lp1 mixer, using 24v batteries, can further enhance system safety.
400vhhighvoltagebattyy supports the "intelligent load" application with the diesel generator port on the storage machine being used as an output port, which automatically powers the load when pv has sufficient energy and the battery is more than 95%.
A smart load can be automatically shut off when less than 90% of the time is available. The automatic transition from the grid is short, with six time periods to set the charger. The company has a unique key load output port and grid port, with a 4ms and an automatic switch from the grid, which can be released from the grid.
Ensure that critical loads, such as refrigerators, non-modified frequency air conditioners, are continuously powered in the event of failure, switching time is much lower than that of colleagues, and ensuring smooth work on critical loads. In addition, a system of stairwell pricing is currently in place in many countries around the world, with six company storage products that can be charged for periods of time, allowing users to set them manually, for example, at night, at low prices for non-peak hours.
Time frame, charging storage cells with maximum recharge power and setting peak and high-priced periods as discharge time, ensuring that batteries can discharge only during the discharge period, increasing the efficiency of discharge, optimizing the use of electricity, and ultimately reducing the exchange coupling function, which can easily upgrade existing photovoltaic systems and provide greater flexibility. The current light storage system consists mainly of direct flow.
Coupling and exchange coupling are two top structures, in which exchange coupling refers to the interaction of electricity through the communication parent line, photovoltaic hair, direct delivery of loads or grids through reverse transformers, and charging of batteries through dc-ac bidirectional transformers, so that storage reverses with smart communication coupling functions can easily upgrade existing grid-connection systems, companies store them.
In addition, when the grid fails, the communication coupling system is functional and flexible to design the storage energy system according to the user’s needs.
Using frequency drop control algorithms, there are as many as 16 storage inverters. When multiple storage inverters operate under micronet arc conditions on the island, they need to provide a stable power frequency support for the entire micronet system, but they can cause instability and technical difficulty in the entire micronet system.
The machine has a maximum combined capacity of 16 machines, with a maximum power of 80kw/128kw, which supports single- and triple-collaborative matching, makes the system more simple and convenient, and covers the needs of small business storage sites. In addition, the joint system does not require additional control equipment to avoid the normal operation of the entire photovoltaic system in the event of a failure of the individual module.
A stable and reliable system that supports a wide range of grid-type applications. And a new three-phase storage inverter unit supports a maximum of 1.1 times the communications side output, with a maximum output power of 13.2kw, making the product more cost-effective, not only reducing the cost of downstream customer equipment investment, but also increasing the system ' s short-term expansion capacity and stability.
Figure 62: The largest combined number of company storage energy products can reach 16, Figure 63: Multi-store Reversers and Allied System Tapping Structures We split and forecast the income of German shares for 2021-2023, with the core assumption that:
(1) In the case of reverse transformers, there is a rapid increase in the spread of light voltage, and the storage of high-speed growth enablers has grown. In 2021, 2022, and 2023, 26, 49, 730,000 reversions are expected to be delivered, respectively, with the capacity to store lower than in the case of reversibles such as Gudwe, Jinhua Technology, and the stockholdings.
So, in combination with the stages of company development and the future development of space, the industry has less than anticipated, the risk of epidemic control, increased competition in overseas markets, and the inability of new markets, both domestic and foreign, to open up new markets.
Phases, inverser product R & D are less advanced than expected, oem model development risks, etc.