In the first half of the year, the mother's net profit fell to adjust the company's charters to contribute to the future, social services, tourism and viewing areas.
In the first half of the year, the net return to the mother was in the performance forecast, real estate carry-overs and tax-exempts were pressured on the high income and profit base) and tax-exempt-related earnings were reduced, resulting in a downward pressure on the company’s income and net return to the mother during the first half of the year.
The tax-exempt sales from Hainan Island, amounting to $18,457 million, fell by 29.90 per cent on a year-on-year basis, resulting in a fall in tax-related earnings for companies. 1) Tax-exempt stores at Seagate Day Square, 43 million yuan per - 26 per cent rent; 2) tax-exempt stores at United States Airports, $41 million per - 98 per cent; 3) Tax-exempt stores at San Phoenix Airports, revenue-related
Other operations: Declining Real Estate operations and relatively smooth operations such as airport operations and property management. 1) The company achieved real estate revenue of $484 million/-68.20 per cent in the first half of the year, mainly as a result of the impact of the high base of $1.002 billion brought forward over the same period last year ' s revenue from the Houtnan Xiac 14 project; 2) airport revenue of $946 million/-1.05 per cent
(The Sanya airport was disturbed by the expansion of the terminal, with flights and passenger traffic of billions/-25.71 per cent each during the first half of the year, and other business revenues of 960 million yuan/-9.77 per cent.) The company's proposed amendments to the company's charter are expected to further improve the company's distribution mechanism.
The aim is to remove the red-sweeper clause from listed companies due to historical legacy issues (to be revised to the last year’s net profit would be a positive profit instead of an undistributed profit) and to further improve the company’s red-sweeper mechanism. The third phase of the expansion of the Sanya airport is progressing, and the Chinese line is expected to benefit from the construction of the Hainan Trade Port.
The third phase of the build-up is currently actively under way and is expected to be completed by the end of 2025, with a 30 per cent increase in passenger capacity to 30 million, and the third phase of the Sanya airport will not preclude further growth in commercial space in the future.
Plus, the company’s airport business returns were raised. Meanwhile, the Hainan Airport (600515.sh) – one of the projects of the Hainan Tourism Project, which was launched on 21 June 2024, was created as a priority for the integrated development of the company’s region.
In addition, Hainan is moving in an orderly manner towards the pre-construction of the seal, an internationally recognized Hainan Airport (600515.sh) – the first half of the year's main business was warmer, the China Free Trade Port brand fell and the creation of a world-class recreational resort was expected to further enhance its global status.
The core advantages of Heinan Airport (600515.sh)-2022, under the control of the Focus Industry, the Port of Trade Port, the Card Position at the Key Port of South Trade and the Commercial Resources of the Seagate Sun Square tax-free poles, were accompanied by Hainan Airport (600515.sh) - Restructured Focus “Airport + Tax Exemption”, Key Cards
The company’s long line is expected to benefit directly from the progressive construction of Hainan Island’s seal. 41/36/30x. The central beneficiary of Hainan’s self-port, accompanied by the closing of Hainan at the end of 2025, is approaching, and the company’s scarce midway to the airport in Hainan, the inner city’s core property, etc.
A certain certainty premium is expected to maintain a “better than the big market” rating. The first half of the year’s net return to the mother is within the performance forecast zone, with the property carry-over and tax exemption crushing the income and profits associated with the fall in earnings, leading to a pressure on the company’s income and net return to the mother during the first half of the year.
Figure 2: Halnan Airport's single-season net profit (in tens of thousands of yuan) Estimated exemption-related earnings from the island during the first half of the year were $160 million, representing an overall decline of about 38 per cent. In the first half of 2024, China's tax-exempt sales amounted to $18,457 million, representing a 29.9 per cent decline in the same amount, which affected the company's tax-exempt relationship.
Revenues have fallen the same year. 1) The rent of the tax-free store at the Ocean Square at Seagate is 43 million yuan per - 26%; 2) the tax-free market at Meran Airport returns 0.01 billion yuan per - 98%; 3) the tax-free shop at San Phoenix Airport is estimated to be 116 million yuan per - 14%.
Other operations: property operations have suffered from a downturn and operations such as airport operations and property management have been relatively stable. 1) Companies have achieved a real estate revenue of $484 million/-68.20 per cent in the first half of the year, mainly as a result of the high base impact of revenues of $1.002 billion brought forward from the Dotting South Chinac 14 project during the same period last year; 2) airport revenues of $946 million/-1.05 per cent (Mia Airport Ingai)
Intruding by the re-opening of the building, aircraft and passenger traffic in the first half of the year - 9.00 per cent, -3.15 per cent; property company ' s proposed amendments to the company ' s charter, which are expected to further improve the company ' s allocation mechanism. The company ' s proposed amendments to the company ' s charters are intended to remove the restrictions on the share of listed companies due to historical legacy issues (to be revised to the most recent year ' s net profit).
The third phase of the third phase of the expansion of the Sanya airport is expected to benefit from the construction of the Hainan autonomous port. The third phase of the expansion of the San Phoenix airport is currently under active work and is expected to be completed by the end of 2025, with a 30% increase in passenger capacity.
At the same time, as one of the company’s integrated regional development priorities, China’s Business Street opened on June 21, 2024, to create a new logo for China’s self-trade capital.
Hainan is moving ahead in an orderly manner with the construction of the pre-seam seal, and the creation of internationally recognized brands and world-class recreational resorts is expected to further enhance its global status. The company has the core advantages of the Hainan Free Trade Port key airport card position and the Seagate Moon Square, tax-exempted poles and commercial resources, and as Hainan Island is built, the company’s long line is expected to grow.
Investment Recommendations: Taking into account the ongoing tax-exempt situation in Hainan since this year, we will be renovating the core target of the 2024-2026 year-on-year free of trade port construction, along with Hainan's closing rhythm towards the end of 2025, and the company's future middle line of scarce cards such as the airport in Hainan, the urban core property industry, etc., is expected to enjoy a certain certainty premium and maintain "excellent"
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject