Eli (600887.ch): Performance is a strong indicator of Eli's long-term competitive advantage: up to “buy in” 1h25 performance is a strong indicator of Eli's long-term competitive advantage: facing industry cyclical challenges
And the pressure of falling demand, Ely's 1h25 income increased by 3.4% over the same period, considering that Ely's current income growth matched the end sales trend, which meant that companies continued to loot their share of the market in adversity. Of this, liquid milk income fell by only 2.1% over the same period, far less than the major.
Competing. Eli 1h25 Core Operating Profit grew by 26% over the year, Core Operating Profit Rate expanded by 2.4 ppt over the same year, not only because of the expansion of Māori (up 1.1 ppt) as a result of lower original milk prices, but also because of lower overall cost.
1h25 Performance is significantly better than that of the major competitors, largely based on the following competitive advantages:
In addition, the company actively embraces new and emerging retail channels, including electric power providers, member shops, private area retailing, etc., and introduces individualized and customized new products for different channels. Management indicates that the emerging retail channels 1h25 are linked to the company’s contribution to liquid milk revenues.
Nearly 30 per cent, while driving the revenue contribution from new products to close to 15 per cent. (2) More flexible management capacity: within the broader context of declining consumption power, Eli is active in laying out and promoting basic products to provide consumers with a higher quality. 1h25 liquid milk.
The small decline in income was mainly due to product restructuring, but the company's liquid milk sales remained largely stable. In the face of industry changes, we thought that Eli was more competitive than the rivals had found a better balance between sales, unit prices and structure, ensuring the market.
A more balanced class structure: Ely has a more balanced class structure than the main competitor. In the case of liquid milk demand, Eli's milk powder, cheese, ice cream, etc., recorded a double-digit increase in income at 1h25, and these items were subject to pressure.
The total income contribution is over 40%. The growth of these high-moris offsets the decline in liquid milk income, while also mitigating the impact of the decline in the structure of liquid milk on profitability and improving overall operating profitability.
The income trend of 2h25 is expected to be sustained, but the profit margin may be pressured: according to our research, the corporate milk income of July-August basically remained at the rate of 2q25. We believe that the availability of the “double festival” for mid-autumn in September will have a significant impact on the company’s income performance at 3q25.
And the later spring season next year may have a negative impact on 4q25’s income. In terms of profit rates, raw milk prices have dropped sharply over the same period, the structure of liquid milk products continues to decline, the promotion of industry continues to grow, and companies continue to make strategic concessions.
Operating profitability increases by 1.0 ppt to 10.9 per cent compared to the increase in the net profitability of mothers by 2.2 ppt to 9.5 per cent (better than the firm ' s 9 per cent target).
And the confidence in Eli's fundamentals increases the heat of the market's investment in Eli, and the interest companies focus on Pil-Yin's international research. We look at Eli's performance and stock price performance better than the Monx.
Investment risk: slower demand in the industry, increased domestic brand competition, and a significant rise in original milk prices.
Pilgrim International, Pilgrim International, optimistic and pessimistic scenario scenario
Pessimistic scenario: corporate incomes and profit rates are growing less than expected Optimistic scenario: corporate incomes and profit rates are growing better than expected 2 per cent less in the year 2025 than in the year 2025 for liquid milk sales;
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements may be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]