Ely shares (600887.sh) platformed breast-milk poles, leading to a high-quality transformation of the industry with steady development and typical long-term assets. As the economy moves into medium- and low-growth zones, it depends on it.
Food beverage, beverage milk, urbanized, population-driven food beverages, etc., and investment paradigms have gradually shifted from growth pricing to dividends pricing, while changes in the lifestyle of the population have tested the breakdowns (white wine, etc.).
For a long period of time, beer, milk, beverages, etc., dairy products are high-quality proteins, and as the food becomes efficient, consumption habits change and technological advances, cheese, butter, s098052309001
With a long-term growth potential for deep-processed products such as milk powder, the dairy industry is considered to be a long-term source of capital.
We consider the Ely shares to be a typical stake-rate pricing asset, which is better than the development and promotion of high-value-added products such as human powder, which is gradually increasing profitability, while committing to maintaining more than 70 per cent of the dividends.
There has been a steady recovery in dairy demand, and supply and demand will be on the rise. Since 2020, the population ' s health awareness has increased, and demand has increased in a pulse, with white milk having a higher vibe than milk beverages, yogurts, etc., and low-temperature milk penetration, which has also led to a new expansion of upstream rangeland capacity.
After a weak recovery in demand and oversupply in the industry, the price of fresh milk has evolved from the second half of 2021, with a cumulative netherding of about 300,000 cattle in the upper pastures, and at the current rate of degradation, we expect to count the fourth quarter of 2025 or a possible drop in supply and demand. In the medium and long term, our dairy products are now on their way.
The core competitiveness of Eli is based on a national brand and channel base, with cost advantages and efficiency leads, with strong brand power and high value for money, company market dominance, profitability, and the ability to make a profit.
For the future, Eli has a base of liquid milk (formerly three billion grades in gold, Ammush, and basic white milk), while milk powder continues to be raised (income in 2024 has risen to 24.39%, and adult powdering and infant powdering is ranked first in the industry, respectively).
Short- and long-term interest rates are higher than in the food and beverages sector. Against a background of persistently low prices for original milk, small and medium-sized pastures have been phased out, with the expectation that the balance of supply and demand will turn out in 2025-2026.
The company’s performance is expected to pick up, with fewer gifts, more than 70% of the value of the bonus. The interest rate is ahead of the food and beverage industry, and the accident has led to a deterioration of the consumer goods business brand image and pressure on the cost of raw materials.
Foreword: The investment paradigm has moved from a high rate of growth to a long term, a high score of red, and the dairy flagship valuation has moved from a steady to a restoration phase, and the investment paradigm has shifted first to a dairy tap. Eli is the country's biggest dairy giant of hundreds of billions.
Listed in 1996 to date, three times as many times as a year (2013) driven by product cycles and profit improvements, and in the post-billion-year era of income doubling but stock prices shaking (2017 to date). As a scarce platform for food and beverages, companies moved from a share to a profit priority in 2021 when they established income of 100 billion.
A gradual upscaling, accompanied by a commitment to maintain a 70% red rate, is a model of a food and beverage investment paradigm that led to a long-term shift from stock rate pricing to a deep 300 and food and beverage index from 2021 to the present. Since 2018, companies have moved into the post-100 billion era, the starting point for a shift in the Eli investment paradigm, with a fundamental transition in 2023.
Completed. In 2017, the company entered the 100 billion-dollar sprint phase, and the market began to worry about income ceilings, stock price fluctuations, write-offs in May of the year, and, supported by solid dividends & buy-backs, during the last two years, Ely’s share price fluctuations were relative to the contraction, the build-up of profitability expectations, and the company had a significant win for food beverages and 300 depths.
A platform-based breast-milk concubine with 1.1 liquid milk as a basic plate, powdered milk, low temperatures, and a little more cheese to bloom for decades, Eli moved from Nemon to the top of China's dairy industry.
In 1996, the company went on the market as China’s first-ever-a-stock dairy company. The company started milking, and then distributed milk powders, hot yogurts, cheese, and so on. By 2024, hundreds of millions of yuan had been ranked first in China’s dairy industry, first in Asia, and top five in the global dairy industry.
Since 1956, the Ely development process has been divided into the following four phases:
In 10 years, Eli developed from the cattle-raising cooperation group into a specialized cow farm plus processing plant, and in 1993 completed the remodelling of the stock system to be known as Inner Mongolia Ili Industries Ltd., which was placed on the market in 1996 and established the Ministry of Liquid Milk in 1999.
There is no doubt that this is a great competitive advantage for each other’s early stage of creation. Three times between 1997 and 2002, the U.S.C. invested 1,273 million dollars from the market, which is of great significance for the gap between the initial stage of Illilah and its peers.
In 2003, the company first took over the bright milk industry, in 2005 it earned 10 billion dollars, signed a contract to sponsor the Beijing Olympics, and in 2006 it launched a proactive web-weaving program to sink.
In 2007, the gold medallion “slave milk” was introduced, but more than 95% of the public’s income is still contributed by liquid milk. At the same time, the company is actively using international events, goods, and products, which expanded from around 6.3 billion a year to 37.5 billion in 2011, with income from cagr reaching 25.0%.
Upon reaching the top of liquid milk development, companies have been actively setting up upstream bases, typically since 2013 to buy the Oceania base and the second largest dairy cooperative in New Zealand, Westlanddairy, while home countries are acquiring medium-land milk at low-cycle upstream points to improve the production profile, while home-grown extension and expansion of new products.
In 2013, the phenomenon-grade monolith Ammushib was introduced; in 2017, the company introduced a $100 billion income target to harvest its share of the regular warm fluid milk, while further attempts were made on new products, plant-based branding was launched, and the largest ice cream manufacturer in Thailand was acquired the following year, in 2019, the Ministry of Healthy Drinking Industries.
After 21 years, the dairy industry has reached maturity, and the Eli trillion volume base is large enough, and in 2021 the company proposed a 0.5 pcts increase in the net interest rate per year, marking the company’s departure from the market.
In 2023, the company achieved $126.2 billion in revenue, performance, a one-time clean-up, a build-up and impairment, a pressure on the statements, income/profit splits, liquid milk as the core business of Ili, milk powder, cold drinks, cheese, and co-development. Corporate milk covers IY.
In recent years, the ratio of liquid milk has declined as companies continue to pick up their products, from more than 95 per cent to 65 per cent.
Cold drinks, as the third largest business, have grown steadily, reaching 10 billion in 2023, and in 2024, affected by the weather, the company has reduced its income from active banks to nearly 9 billion, accounting for 7.6% of the company’s income. In addition, the company’s cheese industry, which has been a priority since 2020, has grown to a billion-class plate.
1.2 The equity structure is generally stable and continues to provide incentives to bind management The corporate equity structure is fragmented, and senior management holds the interests of the company.
Shareholdings are 5.97%, with the remaining institutional investors holding a relatively low single share. Overall, Ili’s shareholdings have joined Ily year after year, became company president since 2002, and the dairy industry has been working for nearly 30 years, with considerable managerial experience; other current executives are also senior employees of the company, with more than 10 years of experience.
Companies continue to provide equity incentives that effectively stimulate team dynamics. Companies have implemented multiple rounds of equity incentives and employee equity incentives since they were listed, especially after 2014, which are largely uninterrupted, full-scope models that stimulate team dynamics, including company directors, senior managers and core business and technical cadres.
Figure 11: After three rounds of equity incentive schemes, deep binding of management contributions to long-term development
In July 2014, the management was aggressive, the power cut-off stock, the Pan stock build-up + the restrictive stock form.
The company has no top management for 10 years.
Mr. Jung Joon-won, Chairman of the Houthi State Finance Committee, was elected Chairman of the Public Prosecutor's Department for the misappropriation of public funds.
Table 1: Ely executives and key equity holdings2 Dairy products: a smooth recovery in demand, demand-side or coming at 2.1 demand end: progressing into maturity, but with space for structure and volume growth
In comparison with developed countries, the dairy industry in China started late, but is growing rapidly. By phase, the growth of the industry was driven mainly by the increase in production up to 2014 and by the rise in the share of milk powder, cheese, high-end white milk after 2014.
In view of the situation, we expect low retail sales of liquid milk to fall in 2025. The breakdown is: option vs: overall white milk is better, and pressure is more pronounced. After the epidemic, the healthy milk is more risk-resistant and more growing.
The yogurts, milk beverages, and cheeses have had greater pressure since 2023. Between 2020 and 2024, the average milk/low-temperature milk consumption was about 2.75/0.09 per cent, respectively, with a significant winning of the whole dairy product (-2.39 per cent), while the sour milk consumption was -8.33 per cent over the same period.
Temperature vs is low: the growth potential of the low-temperature market is high and the breast-milk industry is accelerating. The share of low-temperature milk is currently only 23.7%, while the share of low-temperature milk in developed overseas markets is more than 90%.
With a milk size of 35.9 billion yuan and retail sales of about 4.7% between 2018 and 2024, it is expected that, with the acceleration of the breast-milk industry, low-temperature milk will continue to grow in the medium- and long-term, whether in terms of consumption structure or per capita consumption, there is still room for comparison of dairy products with overseas production.
Resource endowments and product development paths, with a relatively low per capita consumption of dairy products and a relatively homogeneous structure. Global dairy consumption, except in countries with a sufficient supply of milk (United States, New Zealand) where per capita consumption is naturally higher, Japan and Korea benefit from dietary westernization and student milk policy.
By contrast, the country’s milk supply is not abundant, its original milk production is low – and its gift site is relatively high, resulting in higher milk prices and lower penetration rates. In recent years, policies have encouraged the growth of the dairy industry, with up-front dairy production rising year by year, or better promotion of product expansion.
In October 2024, seven departments, including the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, issued a joint campaign to promote “Students drink milk” and encourage milk consumption in places where conditions exist, including through the distribution of consumer vouchers. In the recent past, Mongolia has encouraged fertility policies such as Hote/Kuangdong Shenzhen.
Landfall. We believe that the combination of policy and technology is expected to lead to industrial expansion. 2.2 At the supply end: the price of original milk is low, the point of demand for and supply of milk is low or it will come at a relatively high cost for milk raw material, the extension of the whole chain of post-war milk-enhanced dairy enterprises, and an increase in upstream relevance.
(a) The dairy industry experienced the melamine incident in 2008, after which the domestic milk industry was given safe remedial classes to enhance the construction of milk sources;
Since 2013, milk companies have increased the price of smooth milk from upstream sources, especially during the lower cycle of the original milk, and they also have to bear the loss of the livestock industry and the loss of spray powder when enjoying the same cost dividend. In the current downward cycle of the new round of milk:
From 2021 to the present, weak recovery in demand and low willingness to exit supply are the main reasons for the growth of the current milk supply and demand cycle. The original milk has undergone two major cycles around 2008 and 2013-2014.
2. With the last round of the whole-sector layout of dairy companies, the share of large-scale pastures has risen significantly, making them more difficult to clear; 3) the cost of feed and the price of beef cattle have generally fallen and the attractiveness of the herds has been reduced. Downward, the loss rate in the 2024h1 pasture sector has reached 80%.
In February 2024, the cattle stock in the country continued to decline, and the milk supply grew at a much smaller rate than before. At the rhythm, dairy consumption after spring 2024-2025 was a light season, while a one-off purchase of the stock was required, taking into account the large number of social pastures this year.
Dairy products are a very large-scale business, and platform-based enterprises have a strategic victory.
The functional properties of strong, cumulative nutrients mean that the product has a long life cycle, and that the pre-suppliers can do a great deal of monolithic work with nationalized products, branding and channeling. And the constant extension of the product category (heating, taste, function) means that the firm's ceiling is high, so strategic drive is the key to a platform-based enterprise, using Eli as an example.
The basic white milk, yogurt milk to Ammosh, gold-column, milk powder, cheese, platforming and globalization strategies continue to lead the upgrading of the industry and the expansion of its own size.
The firm's core competitiveness is the scale effect of strong organizational power, that is, cost advantage and efficiency lead. Eli, as the leader of the industry, binds management through continuous and uninterrupted equity and cash incentives, wolf mechanisms and a culture of excellence, operating more efficiently from top down.
Income/profits are growing steadily, and the spread of sales and profitability are leading the industry. The impact of Eli’s scale is reflected in the national branding, network-weaving and whole-of-the-industry infrastructure, the same branding power, higher value for money, competition for extra profits, nationalized monolithic models.
In 2005, Eli was selected as an exclusive milk sponsor for the Beijing Olympics and entered into a long-term partnership with the Beijing Olympic Committee; in 2010, Ili held the Sea Expo; and then, in 2012, he sponsored the World Wide Web.
The London Olympics, the Beijing Winter Olympics in 2022, and the Paris Olympics in 2024. In addition, the company works with China's Good Voice, Runaway Brothers, Where Daddy goes, The Summers of the Band, and so forth.
High profile, which supports the reputation of national brands; on the other hand, a sub-brand is targeted at specific groups of people for precision marketing, increasing cost-effectiveness. At the Caddy Consumer Index, “Eli” reached nearly 1.2 billion consumers and 90% of brand penetration, making it the most popular brand for nine years.
A measure of consumer choice is created.) Fine management and downfall, both channel depth and breadth, led by district and township market penetration. In 2006, Eli launched the Weaver Project, which accelerated the downfall of the channel and led to the creation of the Trans-North, Radiation,
By the end of 2021, Eli had sold more than 5 million lines throughout the country.
In addition, companies are actively developing new channels such as Mother and Child Shops, 020, etc.
3.2 Prospective: Temperature leads, milk powder surges, low temperature & cheese catch, platform-based strategy drives Eli to achieve the whole dairy setup. The advantage of the share of constant warm milk is clear. The powder industry, which is a high-profit group, has broken out and has been in a state of siege in recent years, and infant powdering has become the second largest industry, adult.
For example, liquid milk: in 2024, the company accounted for 65% of its total income, and is expected to maintain steady growth. The company now has three billion-grade singles of gold, Ammush, basic white milk, and gold medals benefit from epidemiological education, nearly four.
The growth of double-digit cagr over the years has been relatively steady in Ammush. Overall, Eli's share in the warm milk collar continues to rise, but against the background of the oversupply of 2024h1 original milk, small and medium-sized milk companies take up a share, higher-priced channel milk brands and white cards appear, and the Elymons take the initiative to go to the vault.
Looking forward to 2025, we expect that Eli's constant temperature will be repaired, cool or growing, and that the overall liquid milk holding is a high-profit category for the growth of the corporate landscape. In the pattern, cranes, Ely's 2022 excess in the infant powder industry, moving beyond foreign capital to the top two, and Eli's number one in the adult milk powder market, with a further share expected in the future.
Looking forward to 2025, in the context of the double-digit growth of newborns in 2024, especially in the second half of the year, the cheese: Elic-end snack cheese is expected to be stable overall, with more growth at the end of the restaurant. The gram is expected to drop slightly, the b-end is increased, and the whole is flat. The retail end is expected to drop in the future, and the catering end is expected to be flat.
The growth of the median unit is driven by incremental growth, but is expected to be reduced by cost-control and fine-tuning costs. Cold drinks: the company’s relative high-profit items, weather-affected consumption in 2024, pressurized by public investment logic: robust multi-grade growth and high risk resistance.
4.1 Short-term: Reverse demand for and supply of original milk, reduced by impairment, and expected improvement in performance
According to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, there are 6.05 million cows in January-May 2025, 144,000 in January 2025, 90% in loss of rangeland, and cattle-hunting is dominated by back-up cattle.
If the demand for and supply of original milk return to the price of milk, it is expected to reduce the loss of its value, while buying and selling grants will be reduced, and the performance of the industry will be flexible or greater.
The price of annual milk is low, and the Elymons buy more gifts to promote and sell, and take the initiative to store large-date products; but at the same time, in order to deal with excess powdering of milk sources (loss of asset impairments from the counter-statements) and to alleviate the vulnerability of upstream and downstream industrial chains (loss of credit impairments from the counter-statements), the impact on net profit is more than 10%.
Although milk prices are still low, they fell by the same year, or less, in 2024, and a partial reduction in the volume of contract milk received by Eli is expected to reduce the amount of powder spray and price spreads, and the resulting impairment loss disturbance is expected to improve. High-profit groups such as milk powder are expected to increase their share, and their profitability is expected to increase over time.
On the other hand, the current profit claims of the Elemon cattle have increased significantly, and the cost of selling, including buying grants, is expected to decrease. Overall, Eli’s profits are expected to rise gradually, against a background of cost-effectiveness relative to improvements in the structure of the items.
Free cash flows are improving, and dividends are at the forefront of the food and beverage industry. Companies have reached $11.3 billion since 2019, the highest level ever since they were listed. Corporate history cash flows have improved mainly from ebitda, operating capital changes, and capex. Looking ahead, tap-milk companies operate resilient properties, perform robustly, and capex is growing.
The decrease in expenditure and the fall in free cash flows in 2024, which was affected by the equivalent of a one-time impairment, further increased to 91 per cent by the company and maintained the increase in dividends, indicating the importance that the company attaches to shareholder returns, the expectation that future free cash flows will be further improved, combined with good returns from investors, such as buy-back write-offs.
We're looking for a comparative analysis of the milk industry, Chinese cranes, the milk industry, and Eli’s shares. Profitability: harvests, fast profit growth, a steady increase in the Māori rate, scale effects and structural upgrading (milk powder ratio), and lower rates.
In 2021, companies introduced guidelines to raise net interest rates by 0.5 pcts per year, signalling a shift from a previous share to a higher level of business quality. In the future, as the product structure continues to upgrade (e.g., the milk powder ratio), it is also expensive.
Two-fold flat, largely benefiting from efficient corporate business models and strong competitive barriers. Capital structure, solvency, and cash flows: higher interest-bearing debt ratios and moderate solvency
Business efficiency analysis: The total asset turnover rate and inventory turnover rate are both high The company leads the business efficiency industry. Both the total asset turnover rate and the inventory turnover rate of the company have been declining steadily in recent years, with a total asset turnover rate of 0.75 in 2024, mainly due to the continued expansion of the company’s assets.
Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions: At the end of the income, taking into account the slower growth and weaker overall demand as the dairy industry moves into maturity.
The company is expected to be relatively stable, considering that consumption is still weak and that the policy margins are driving dairy consumption. Among these, foreign investment is stagnating with profit-oriented sales, small and medium brands are losing their share in the register, and Eli continues to sink and refine its membership system; and the cheese business is losing its benefits.
Cold drinks: Given that companies are actively expanding their consumption scenes, expanding new channels, and showing off overseas, we are still in a low position to jointly drive the increase in the Māori rate. In aggregate, we expect the company’s main business, gross sales costs: in the face of an oversupply of original milk this year, the dairy industry is competitive, the company is actively going to the stock market, plus
We expect the industry to improve as the original milk reaches the point of demand and supply in 2025-2026, the temperature and price of the original milk rises, and the cost of the tap milk is reduced to a certain extent. As a result, the overall price is lost by 12.2.12.2 billion dollars, resulting in the loss of biological assets such as cows and sheds/depreciation of fixed assets.
We expect a follow-up goodwill to take account of the company's business characteristics, and we use both absolute and relative valuation methods to estimate the company's soundness.
(a) Three stages, using the fcff valuation method to reflect the company ' s long-term growth value: a zero-leveraging beta coefficient of 0.85 x based on our understanding of the industry; a 10-year rate of return of 1.7 per cent and a stock risk premium of 6.50 per cent; and a debt cost of 5.3 per cent using the company ' s long-term borrowing rate;
This results in the calculation of a Wacccc rate of 7.90%. Based on the above main assumptions, using the fcff valuation method, an analysis of the sensitivity of the absolute valuation, which is more sensitive than the wacc and constant growth rates, is presented in the following table.
Compare the selection of companies in the dairy industry that are more similar to the company, using a pe-based approach to valuation. Keep in mind that the company canals and stability, the scale effects are expected to continue to show, cost-control benefits are expected, the company's profitability is expected to be high, the barriers to competition are strong, and the share rate is protected, with strong organizational and channel power, and medium and long.
The absolute and relative valuation methods used were calculated on the basis of more assumptions, especially calculation of the company's free cash flow over the next few years, calculation of weighted capital costs (wacc), tv growth.
The assumptions about the rate and the selection of valuation parameters for comparable companies have been incorporated into many individual judgements: the high annual free cash flow calculations have led to the risk of an optimistic valuation; and the weighted capital cost (wacc) has had a very significant impact on the company valuation, and we assume that there is no wind in the calculation of the wacc.
(a) Risk interest rates of 1.7 per cent and risk premiums of 6.5 per cent may still be expected to remain low estimates or values for these parameters, leading to lower values for the wacc calculation, resulting in higher valuations of companies;
4. In the relative valuation, we have selected companies that are the same or similar to the company ' s business, and we have selected comparable public sector average dynamic p for 2024 as a reference for the relative valuation, taking into account the company ' s industrial position, growth efficiency1 and insufficient macroeconomic growth dynamics, which have led to persistent demand weakness. After the outbreak, demand in the dairy sector has recovered.
Weakness, with 24h1 almost full product pressure, except for milk powder and low temperatures, increased promotion of grants in the short term compared to 2 and increased competition in the industry has undermined the profitability of firms. The dairy industry is highly competitive, with large firms such as Monx, Light Milk, etc. actively increasing their market share, through product innovation, price fighting, marketing, etc.
Consumer grabs, if industry competes more than expected in the future and starts price wars, could result in a loss of Ely’s profitability and market occupancy rates.3 Food safety accidents have damaged the brand image of consumer companies.
The milk industry has caused a huge shock, consumer confidence has fallen off the cliff, and if similar events occur in other dairy companies in the industry, the image of the country’s product plate has been damaged, it is likely to weaken consumer demand even further, and it is difficult for Eli to make the risk of impairment four. The price of original milk has not increased as much as expected.
The downside of the bill, if the original milk supply continues to be surplus, could result in lower than expected stock price losses and loss of devalued biological assets in Elie, affecting the company’s ability to increase its profitability.5 The overseas market is less profitable than expected. Companies actively expand overseas distributions, including in South-East Asia.
Buying Thai ice cream company Chomthana, focusing on overseas supply chain integration, investing in factories, etc. Unexpected sales abroad could cause disruption to company performance.1 The risk of companies spending more than expected on expanding channels and branding.
It is planned that resources will continue to be invested to fine-tune and flatten the management channels, increase control over the channels, and introduce high-end new products, upgrade the product structure. The product and brand promotion will result in a significant increase in costs, which, if poorly controlled, will lead to a greater erosion of profits.
1. Industry demand is not as good as expected. If the fertility rate of the population declines further in the future and the consumption of sunk markets slows down and continues to stagnate, the structural imbalance between supply and demand will result in a loss of corporate income.2 The risk of fluctuations in the prices of major raw materials. For example, changes in the supply and demand of raw materials such as original milk and packaging will occur or prices will fall.
An abnormally volatile grid, while the price of a company’s products cannot be adjusted in a timely manner, will have a direct impact on the gross interest rate level and profitability of the company’s products. The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author