The three-quarter review of herd shares (002714), the three-quarter report of 2018, the first three quarters of 2018, which generated an operating income of $9,181 million, an increase of 28.28 per cent, and the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company of $350 million, a change of 80.68 per cent.
This continued upswing allowed companies to continue to grow at 28.28% by the same year against a backdrop of low prices for pigs. In the third quarter, prices rebounded, with average prices returning to $12.69/kg in the third quarter, benefiting from good cost-control capabilities and losing performance in the third quarter. The company’s cost-control capacity is expected to be around $11.4/kg in the first three quarters.
In the short term, the company’s main production area, Henan Province, was suspended after the outbreak. Henan Province, as a farm-breeding province and a pig-breeding province, was under pressure, resulting in sales below the national average in three quarters.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the east is the containment of the industry, which is expected to be ahead of schedule. The country's bio-pigs are blocked, slaughters are mismatched with farm production, and cold chains \triangleright \triangleright
Strength constraints have combined to inhibit the willingness and ability of farmers to fill the bars. And the continued pressure on farm prices in the EPZs poses a greater challenge to the farmer’s financial chain, thereby accelerating the decline in production capacity. From a cyclical point of view, it is expected to push forward the cycle; in the longer term, the pig-breeding industry is less concentrated, and the leading firms with cost-control capabilities still have great scope and very high growth in terms of rising city occupancy.
We look forward to the improvements in corporate performance brought about by the return to pig prices in the second half of the year, and to the trend investment opportunities that the price of pigs is expected to reverse next year. We anticipate 27x and 8x, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wisdom in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East.
The fourth place in the real estate industry. The top ten (seventh) prizes for the excellent combination of the 2012 China Securities Industry Merit Award. The second name for the 2012 prize. The 2014-million-year information year, "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasts are 3rd with Accurate Real Estate Industry".
Xing Poetry Month, University of Maryland, USA, Master of Finance, in 2017, joined the East Hing Portfolio for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.