It's so far away, it's about the world, it's going up and down, it's going up, it's going up and down, it's going up, it's going up, it's going up, it's going up, it's going up, it's going up, it's going up, it's going up, it's going up, it's going up, it's going up, it's going up, it's going up, it's going up, it's going up, it's going up, it's going up, it's going up, it's going up, it's going up, it's going up, it's going up, it's going up, it's going up, it's going up.
15-fold, a big win-win, one of the best-performing stocks in the mechanical industry; 2) use of the comparative gain against the above-sum to exclude overall market volatility, firm stock prices are clearly cyclical, performance rises relative to the sharp rise in equity prices and macroeconomicly low stock prices
Caterpillar and Matsuma are the leading players in global business, and internationalization is the next round of corporate growth.
The income of Luxor and Pine was $26,637 million and $19,244 million, respectively, representing 16.4 per cent and 11.9 per cent of the market share of the global total market value/flow (millions) of process machinery, respectively.
Caterpillar and Matsuma are the global players, accounting for 53.65 per cent of overseas markets and 53.65 per cent of markets, respectively. Companies were the first overseas market players in the country. In 2017, overseas market revenues were exceeding expectations, and future profits were huge.
Under the broad strategy, the internationalization of companies has clearly accelerated, the export sales of excavators have continued to outpace expectations in the near future, and the three-pronged (600031) " high quality of operations " internationalization will become the core engine of the next round of growth for companies.
Focusing on high-profit products and keeping the service ahead are two of the company's two competitive instruments: the company's product strategy is focused on high-profit products, the product is extremely strong, concrete machinery is global.
3x1 (600031) "Engineer Industry Top, Excavator Top in the Country, Car crane in the top three and big tons in the country, sustained fire, promising release."
Car cranes and track cranes are the first in the country. Corporate services are the backbone of the entire industry. - 2018/04/13 The pace of digitalization and intelligent transformation has accelerated in recent years, with the creation of an ecc enterprise control centre.
Online services such as information services for users, follow-up, remote routing, etc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Slippering and demand structure is dominated by stock upgrading, and new demand is expected to build on sales when the total amount of work is maintained: the industry, on the supply side of the industry, is currently in a state of rationality, and there is no overly relaxed marketing policy that leads to demand overdrafting, which is expected to boost the demand climate cycle.
We see the company's share constantly rising, given the steady demand for sales. Moreover, concrete machinery has been adjusted more widely than excavators, and has recovered significantly since 2017, with increasing intensity. Pumpers (in this case, long arms pumpers more than 37 metres) are used as concrete machines.
The heart product, which is very high, is expected to contribute to the company’s elastic performance. We expect the pump to account for most of the market share this year. At the same time, the company is gradually using small arms in the rural market, which now accounts for 20 per cent of the company’s pump sales and is expected to expand the market.
Rate. During this cycle, concrete pumps are expected to be connected to a new business after the company's excavations. Industry leaders are highlighted. Longer term, the company has a chance to become the next Caterpillar: at the size of the harvest and the profits, the company has far outpaced its domestic competitors, and the industry has a prominent role to play.
In contrast to the global leader Caterpillar, we believe that companies have genes and capabilities similar to that of Caterpillar, which have grown into globalized enterprises, mainly in terms of strong product and service capabilities; 2) moderate diversification; 3) globalization; and 4) the ability to adjust rapidly in times of crisis.
We believe that the total amount of work will be maintained at a certain level in the next 1-2 years, and that the company’s performance is expected to continue to improve.
Intra-market demand volatility will be significantly reduced, while corporate business performance is at its best in history, and internationalization will be the central engine for the next round of corporate growth, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
1.1 In July 2003, the Trinity Worker was placed on the market (stock code: 600031). In June 2005, the Trinity Worker became the first listed company to complete the equity division reform.
In the course of the year, the third-in-one company, the first global brand of concrete machinery, the German Potsmeister, became the global leader of concrete machinery. The company is a leading company of domestic engineering machinery, whose main products are concrete machinery, excavating machinery, crane machinery, stump machinery, road construction machinery, which involves the excavation of machinery, stump machinery, tracked heavy machinery, road surface machinery as the mainstream Chinese brand, and concrete machinery as the main Chinese brand.
Chart 2: The company's main product, which is the number three, with 14 per cent, the number four, with 7 per cent, and the number five, with 3 per cent, of machinery on the road. This period saw a rapid increase in corporate income and net profits, starting in the third quarter of 2004, as a result of macro-regulation effects.
Starting in the quarter, corporate revenues were back on track, and even after the financial crisis of 2007, corporate revenues remained on track, and macroeconomic tightening was forced by inflation, as a result of the earlier stimulus, combined with excessive easing of credit sales in the previous period, leading to over-incumbrance of engineering machinery, starting in the third quarter of 2012, with revenues starting to fall rapidly and industries going into a low period; and) from 2016 to the present,
The recovery cycle began at the end of 2015 and early 2016, with real-estate inventory policies and capital projects in place, and the two-phone market gradually cleared, starting in the third quarter of 2016, where corporate performance began to pick up rapidly, and continues to this day. At a point, corporate stock prices also fell from high to over 70%:
Phase 4: Between the end of 2008 and the end of the second quarter of 2011, under the auspices of the national "4 trillion policy", investments in infrastructure and real estate, among other things, were fast-paced to boost economic activity and stimulate the demand for engineering machinery. It is worth noting that in April and April 2011, the dredging industry was at a turning point, with negative growth beginning after May, and company stock prices peaked at the same time, but as a result,
At a time when corporate credit sales policies were loose, company revenues were still growing, and the rate of growth fell considerably, until the start of the third quarter of 2012, when a round of cattle was opened in a context of income relaxation, with a one-year index rising from just around 2000 to 5178, with company stock prices increasing by about a factor of 2,800.
By using the comparative gains from the above-sum index to eliminate overall market volatility, we can see that corporate stock price trends have generally shown that companies are more cyclical in terms of mechanical varieties, such as forklifts, and that, in 2011-2012, internationalization was the core engine of three rounds of growth, thanks to the company ' s long lead in credit sales of 2 carterbilles and Xiaosong.
2.1 From a global perspective, Caterpillar and Matsuma are leading engineering machines that are necessary for geotechnical works, road surface construction and maintenance, mobile lift and unloading operations and integrated mechanized construction works for various types of construction, mainly from infrastructure construction, real estate construction and above.
According to China's Engineering and Mechanical Industry Yearbook data (stating 10 varieties of excavators, loaders, etc.), the industrial industry was affected by the global financial crisis in 2007-2009.
The sales of process machinery fell from $98.2 billion to $56.4 billion, a 43 per cent decrease. Then, following a steady recovery in China’s economy, overall industry sales rose to $107.2 billion in 2011, a record high. In that year, China’s regional sales of engineering machinery, which accounted for 45 per cent of the world’s sales, were also the highest in years.
According to our follow-up on the domestic engineering and machinery industry, the Chinese region began to recover significantly in the third quarter of 2016, and we expect global sales in 2017 to be around $87.5 billion, while sales in China have risen to around 20%. Figure 8: Global sales of engineering and machinery 2006-2016 (US$ billion)
A steady distance, sword means global caliber: loaders, excavators, bulldozers, graders, asphalt concrete stallers, shovelers, forklifts, sliders - to loaders, excavators, non-road unloaders
According to the top 50 global manufacturers of engineering machinery in 2018 published by the UK’s khl, Carter and Pine took over the top two, while in 2017 they earned $26,637 billion and $19,244 million, respectively.
On the domestic front, Xu’s income was $6,984 million, two times higher than in 16 years: $5,930 billion and three times higher than in 16 years. Given that the domestic engineering and machinery industry continued to grow at a high rate in 2018, Xu and Trinity are expected to hit the top five globally.
2.2 Caterpillar and Ko-sun are preceded by Caterpillar Tractors, founded in 1925 and combined with Beast and Holt, listed in New York Post in 1929, and renamed Caterpillar in 1986. Caterpillar is the largest engineering machine and mine in the world.
And one of the world’s largest producers of equipment, gas engines, and industrial gas turbines. In terms of operational structure, Caterpillar is divided into four major branches of construction, energy and transport, resource operations, and financial products.
From the company’s operating data after 1980, the company’s revenue performance was clearly cyclical, but generally growing. After 2000, Caterpillar benefited mainly from the growth of Asia-Pacific markets, and in 09 from the effects of the financial crisis, there was a marked decline, though,
The recovery began and is still on the rise in this round. The share of income outside the United States has reached 53.65 per cent, with the Asia-Pacific region rising steadily over the last two years, starting in 2015 as a conglomerate of 80-year-old technology firms with products related to engineering, industrial machinery, underground engineering.
Machinery, electronic engineering and materials engineering, and environmental engineering. In terms of the structure of the operations, the revenues from the engineering and mechanical operations of Pine were $19,244 million, accounting for 11.9 per cent of the global engineering and machinery market.
The 2243 billion yen fell to 1431.6 billion yen in 2009, a drop of 36.2%. In 2010, as China’s market pulled, corporate revenues began to rise, and are still on the rise.
At 37.03 per cent, China and Asia-Pacific markets also contributed significantly, accounting for 7.74 per cent and 20.68 per cent, respectively. 2.3 Internationalization was the core engine for the next round of growth in the trio.
On the irrational side of the picture, there was an excessive expansion of capacity, followed by a rapid decline in demand, which led to a continued decline in the entire industry. During this period, large fluctuations in the domestic market led to a significant restructuring of intra-industry firms after 2011, as a result of the low level of internationalization of domestic firms.
In 2016-2017, domestic income increased significantly faster than abroad, resulting in a small decline in the share of income. As can be seen from the share of income in the mainframe plant, overseas demand is a stabilizer of domestic engineering and machinery that can effectively compensate for market demand when domestic demand falls, thus cyclical fluctuations in domestic markets.
Between 10 billion and 10 billion, Pumai accounts for about half of the total. In 2017, overseas market revenues reached 11.18 billion, a significant 25.11% increase over the same period, while domestic markets grew even more, with exports accounting for 30.31%. Corporate growth abroad is at the forefront of domestic counterparts, with incomes higher than those of other competitors, but it is clear that the shares of overseas revenues are higher than those of the two truly global corporations, Caterpillar and Siu Matsu.
Not to reach 53.65%, 84.16%, the company still depends mainly on the domestic market, and overseas expansion has a very large scope for upgrading. Steady distance, the sword is global, and in fact, the company was the first to place overseas markets in the domestic engineering and machinery industry, and in 2006 it established production in India.
In March 2017, the company changed its debt-transferable project to a range of countries and offshore market excavators for R & D and services.
There has been a marked acceleration in the export of corporate products to over 100 countries and territories, with 70-80% of overseas sales taking place along a range of countries and regions. Unlike the mature markets in Europe and America, the markets for engineering machinery are mostly developing, and the year’s monthly export data for excavators have largely maintained sustained growth, especially since the second half of 2017, when sales began to be large.
In recent months, exports had remained at more than 1,500, a new monthly high, benefiting from the recovery of the global economy, increased demand for Soviet engineering machinery, and increased demand for engineering machinery along the road. Before that, company excavator products had become the main source of exports, with the largest and fastest increase in export earnings, in addition to Pumay’s concrete operations.
3 Focusing on high-profit products and keeping services in the lead is the company ' s two main competitive instruments, 3.1 focusing on high-profit products and 3.1 focusing on high-profit products, 3 1 group having concrete machinery, excavating machinery, crane machinery, road construction machinery, stump machinery, wind power equipment, port machines
A full range of products, such as arms, petroleum equipment, coal equipment, precision machine tools, such as machines, stump machines, tracked lifting machines, mobile port machinery, surface machinery, coal mining machines are the mainstream Chinese brand, and concrete machinery is the global brand. Looking back at the company’s product history, the company’s product strategy is a constant focus on high-profit products.
The first 37-metre pumper to enter the highest-profited pump operation of concrete machinery after the year. After 2000, the company became the world’s largest concrete machine manufacturer in 2009, benefiting from the process of domestic city retrenchment, particularly the growth of real estate investment, the continued high growth of company concrete machinery operations, and the full roll-out of commodity concrete around 2005.
In 2012, the company successfully acquired the first brand of global concrete machinery – Putsmeister, Germany – thus establishing a global dominance of corporate concrete machinery. While the scale of revenue continued to decline in 2012-2016 as a result of declining demand, the company’s products were further enhanced in technology and kept up to date with the record of the world’s longest arms pump, which is now 86 metres long.
Pumped cars, with a market share of more than 50% in the country’s long-arm pump. Starting in the second half of 2016, the concrete machinery market was gradually restored, Sou and his cell phone was gradually cleared, and the concrete machinery is expected to pick up in the future.
Sword is the world’s biggest star in the engineering and machinery market, and experts estimate that 65-70% of the earthworks in global construction are done by excavators. The global engineering and machinery industry’s champions, Carter and Matsu, are at the center of their profits.
Three excavators started in 2001 with almost total military collapse in 2003 and then sold the excavator business to the group. Three excavators were fully marketed in 2004, while the joint brands accounted for 90% of the country’s market share. As the network of excavators upgraded and improved, the tricavator market rose.
Over the next few years, the Trinity Digger market has continued to rise, becoming the first brand of a domestic excavator, and the technology is now close to the world’s leading annual sales will continue to be innovative. The crane is also a product with a high market capacity and a high profit margin.
In 2012, the company collaborated with Austria, Parfig. For example, the company’s largest-selling crane, where the company’s output was delivered, and the city’s share continued to rise, while the boss of the industry, Xu and the U.S.C.
It is worth mentioning that companies are the first in the country in terms of large tons of car cranes and tracked cranes. And the key to sustaining the company’s increasing product capacity is increasing investment in research and development.
R & D expenditure is lower, but remains at around 5% overall, with companies investing more in R & D than the 3 to 5% R & D fees of major engineering and machinery manufacturers worldwide. And companies' investment in R & D has remained relatively constant relative to 3.2 services compared to their main competitors in the country.
The sword means the world, “with bigotry, with all the means, and with all the help necessary to make the service impossible”, this is Mr. Leung Jingen, Chairman of the Trinity Board of Directors, who has been using high-quality industry-leading services for his clients as a guide to action, and service is the Trinity's core.
In terms of sales patterns, the sale of engineering machinery is dominated by both direct sales and agency, usually in larger sales and downstream, while more widely distributed products, such as excavators, car cranes, etc., are typically carried by agents, while fewer or more concentrated products, such as port machinery, tracked cranes, etc., are generally sold directly.
The agent model is the dominant model of sales in the engineering and machinery industry, as in the case of Carter and Matsunaga. From an industry perspective, the main focus of the manufacturer is to get the product done and to support some financial services, while the sales and after-sales service is based on the broker network Trinity, which is the benchmark for the engineering and machinery industry, with more than 1700 service centres and more than 7,000 technicians worldwide.
Services strategy, 5 representing five years ahead of the industry for integrated service levels, 2 representing optimal supply of spare parts and service skills, 0 representing zero distance from client communication services by means of informatization. With excellent service, Trinity products have continued, in recent years, to speed up the process of digitalization and intelligent transformation, with the hope of creating “end-plus cloud” large industrial data.
The platform, which provides differentiated and personalized products and services to users, is now well ahead of other competitors in terms of the company’s accumulation of digital and intelligent technologies. The Conchas system, which has been built at great expense, collects data on the performance status of the equipment and allows users to have real-time and remote control of the equipment, while the Ecc Enterprise Control Centre, which started in the Trinity industry, has made it operational.
Remote monitoring of detection, fuel consumption, geographical location, running tracks, and on-line services such as service information, real-time tracking, remote routing, etc. for users have been effective in upgrading client services.
Figure 28: The ecc service centre is stable, the sword is global, the engineering and mechanical industry is less volatile, and the pumping power is expected to drive the company to continue for the next two to three years.
4.1 The demand for stock renewal is dominated, the engineering and machinery industry is becoming less volatile The market is generally concerned about a sharp decline in the engineering and machinery industry, represented by excavators, after 2011, and we believe that this cycle of high growth in engineering and machinery is markedly different from the previous round, mainly in the light of (1) industry demand, where real estate and infrastructure are currently viewed on the side of demand
The drop in investment has been far from sharper than in the previous round, where the decline has been more smooth, and the demand structure has changed considerably, with the last round dominated by new demand, where the increase in investment is determined by the volume of engineering machinery sold, which has entered the stock market and where the total amount of work is maintained, the demand for renewal is expected to be the bottom of the sale; and (2) the supply side of the industry, where the last round is dominated by the entire industry.
As a result, the industry, which we believe to be represented by excavators, has gradually moved into mature markets, and demand volatility will be significantly reduced.
We compare real estate and capital investment for the 2009 - 2011 and 2016 - 2018 cycles of engineering machines. Overall, real estate investment has been more predictable during the cycle, and capital investment has declined more smoothly, which is why the economy has become more resilient.
Figure 29: Cumulative value of two-cycle real estate development investment completion and Figure 30: Cumulative value of two-cycle capital investment completion and cumulative increase
According to the sales of excavators over the years, before 2003 there were fewer than 20,000, depending on how high the excavator was during the 8-10 year period. Starting in the second half of 2016, the excavator stock began to rise gradually, owing to the landing of downstream infrastructure projects and the warming of real estate on the one hand, and, on the other hand, the largest feature of the current swing, the excavator industry has entered stock upgrading.
During this period, the equipment sold during the previous peak period, from 09 to 11 years, is gradually entering the renewal cycle. According to industry experience, the replacement cycle for excavators is generally about eight years, and according to IAEM's excavator branch, the market for excavators was 18,83 million for eight years as of 2017, of which 185,000, 413,000 and 585,000 were excavators, respectively.
There has been a decline, mainly because the industry is overstocked, and the equipment out of the market is larger than the new machine sales. Thus, the theoretical need to upgrade the excavators is in the range of 150,000 units per year, while maintaining the overall amount of work.
The three-year action plan, noting the development of a mapping of non-road mobile machinery, the delineation of low-emission control areas for non-road mobile machinery, the strict control of high-emission non-road mobile machinery, the completion of priority areas by the end of 2019, and the promotion of clean-up and phase-out of substandard engineering machinery, was preceded by the designation of high-emission equipment areas in cities such as Beijing, Kibo and Chongqing, some of which required equipment to meet the country's three emission targets.
The process of global benchmarking and phasing out of high-emissions equipment has begun. Currently, national stock excavators are dominated by national emission standards, and there are still a large number of sub-national emissions standards, and we believe that environmental factors will greatly facilitate excavators in the future when the total amount of construction is maintained at a certain scale.
On the supply side, because of the painful lessons that industry participants have learned during the previous round of industrial downturns, the blind expansion of production capacity in the mainframe plant has left the agent idle, and because of the excessive relaxation of sales policies, the mainframe accumulates large amounts of receivables and off-the-shelf or liabilities, and the buyers of the machine are often bankrupt. The players in this cycle have been patient and rational.
On the policy front, there is currently no relaxation in the mainframes and agents, and according to our industry chain study, the average down payment rate is more than 30%, up to 40-50%, the repayment period is 24 months, while the financing lease or bank mortgage is basically 20% down, and the repayment period is 36 months.
Lord, there is no irrational purchase of machines, and there is usually a certain amount of engineering to buy equipment. So, from the point of view of the current boom in sales and the rational development of the industry, we judge that the cycle of the landscape is expected to grow considerably.
Parts and components, especially hydraulic pump valves, are now supplied with a large quantity of small-divide pump valves, which were delivered in bulk in the first half of 2018, the large-divide pump valves have entered the test phase, and Eddie's sophistication has also made a major technological breakthrough in the first half of this year, with a major breakthrough in the national production of core components, such as pump valves and motors, for the benefit of the country's well-known mainframe plant.
(c) The advantages of local marketing services, which are not available in most joint ventures, and where domestic brands are closer to markets and customers, can provide more timely and efficient services.
4.2 Concrete-pumped vehicle relay, driving the company's performance to increase steadily over the next 2-3 years
The entire concrete machinery market, which has grown from a peak of 100 billion to 30-40 billion in 2016, particularly the trio and the Central ICU, has seen a significant decline in the volume of revenue from the concrete business. In 2017, the trio and central mixer have both recovered considerably from 2016.
Figure 33: Revenue from concrete machinery for the Trio and Central Quakers (millions of yuan) The concrete machinery recovery lags behind the excavator, and since the first quarter of 2017 the domestic concrete machinery has begun to recover noticeably and is growing in intensity. We expect that concrete machinery will continue to rise in 2018-2020.
Heart products (in this case, long-arm pumpers, more than 37 metres) are highly skilled and have a very high Māori rate, which in the past is estimated to have contributed more than half of the profits. In terms of the volume of pumped vehicles, sales have been adjusted from a peak of 12,000 in 2011 to only hundreds in 2016. During the low industry period, major businesses in the industry had towed large numbers of legal machines, creating large numbers of second-hand pumps.
Since 2016, when downstream work began to warm, second-hand pumps began to be sold out, and until this year, although there are still more second-hand pumps in the industry, the impact on the sale of new vehicles does not seem to be as high as expected. Trinity versus other firms in the industry are more active in handling second-hand pumps, which are towed back by leasing, operating leasing, etc.
According to our industry-chain study, it is estimated that more than 1,300 new vehicles were marketed in 2017, and we expect about 3,500 new vehicles to be marketed this year, and 5,000-6,000 more in the next 2-3 years.
At the same time, firms are increasingly using small arms pump vehicles in rural markets, which now account for 20% of company pump sales, and are expected to expand their market share even further. During this cycle, concrete pumpers are expected to function as a new performance growth point after the company’s excavations, driving sustained growth over the next two to three years.
Figure 34: Domestic pump sales and forecasts for 2006-2020 highlights the leading position of 5 industries, which is expected to become the next Caterpillar, and companies have gradually emerged from the competitive pattern of the domestic engineering and machinery industry.
As a result of the 2011-2015 round of restructuring, the company took the lead in adjusting and gradually displacing other competing players in the recovery of market demand. On the net profit side, the company gained a higher profit margin by focusing more on high-profit products, such as excavators, pumps, etc. In 2017, the profitability of the industry rebounded significantly, with the company being the only company that made more than 2 billion dollars and far ahead of other competitions.
Hand. In the first quarter of 2018, the company made a profit of $1.500 billion, well above Xu's 519 million, CID's 377 million, and Willow Caterpillar, which has achieved great success in the world's major markets and is firmly in the world's number-one position, nearly eight times as much as Caterpillar in the 2017 income scale; at market value levels, Caterpillar is nearly nine times as much as thirty-one.
See, the gap with Caterpillar is the development space of Trinity, and there is no doubt that one of the best opportunities in the domestic engineering and machinery industry is the next Caterpillar company, Trinity Trinity. We believe that Trinity has genes and capabilities similar to Caterpillar, which can grow into a globalized engineering and machinery enterprise, mainly in the following areas:
(1) Strong product and service capabilities. During a 100-year business cycle, Carterbil gradually developed a product system dominated by construction engineering machines, mine equipment, diesel and gas engines, industrial gas turbines, etc., and these products are in a global lead position. At the same time, Carterbil has 171 independent distributors worldwide that run Carter products and offer customers their products.
Caterpillar's partnership with distributors has lasted for more than a decade or decades, and the distributors have been very powerful and the most valuable asset in Caterpillar. As mentioned earlier, in the course of three decades of development, a product system centred on digging machines, concrete machinery, and so on, has been established rapidly, and concrete machines have become the world's masters, and excavators have been continuous.
In the marketing system, companies have a much better system of agents in a relatively short period of time, and they have greater control over agents, making it easier for them to transmit and execute their decisions. This is a sales agency that has been more active and effective in the early stages of market opening, but which has also been too aggressive at the peak of the last round of engineering machinery.
The problem has been solved gradually in the last two years, and thanks to this marketing system, the company has built a leading service system in the industry, which is not available to other manufacturers, such as Caterpillar and Matsuma. 2) Moderate pluralism. In general, Caterpillar is more cautious about diversification, extending from the original construction machinery to the mines.
Equipment, extended from corely competitive engines to generators, and upgraded its production capacity through M&As after the layout was completed. Trinity was more open in terms of diversification, rapidly building concrete machinery, excavators and cranes in a few business blocks in the field of engineering machinery in just 30 years, and after the low-end phase of engineering machinery in the post-2011 period, the company seized it.
The opportunity to expand rapidly into several areas, such as military industry, residential industrialization, industrial goods networking, and to perform well, has benefited from the rapid growth of the domestic economy, the growing demand for a variety of products, and has also demonstrated the firm’s strong capacity for product R & D and market openings. A diversified business structure has not only enhanced Trinity’s resilience, but has also opened the door to the company’s future development.
The proportion of income earned by Caterpillar outside the indigenous markets of North America has reached 53.65%, exceeding the rapid growth of China’s markets after years, and the rapid rise in Caterpillar’s share of income in the Chinese region, especially after the 2008 financial crisis, where domestic demand stimulated by the “4 trillion” policy rebounded rapidly, effectively matching the downside risk of Caterpillar’s performance.
Domestic engineering and mechanical enterprises are largely dependent on the domestic market, with a high risk of volatile single-market demand, three of the leading internationalization companies in the domestic engineering and machinery industry, and are strongly positioned along the “one-way” route, with demand for engineering and machinery rising from year to year in emerging countries along our “one-way” initiative, in contrast to Carterbil's forward-looking layout of the Chinese market.
In the 1980s, Carterbil was hit by a crisis with macroeconomic effects and competitive pressures in the US market, while corporate mismanagement led to a breakdown in business overall, with three consecutive years of operating losses in 1982-1984. Companies took a number of measures, focusing on excavators in terms of products, and managed by division.
The product business module and the individual validation of profits to fully motivate the workforce, re-exceeding Xiao Xiao Xiao, in the 1990’s. The biggest crisis occurred in the post-2011 period, when excessive credit sales across the industry led to problems with the return of clients at the start of the industry, and after discovering this, the firm’s strategic direction was quickly reoriented and focused.
Turns to loan recovery, reduced operating costs, and improved efficiency. For example, in 2011 the size of the workforce was more than 50,000 people, down to more than 14,000 at the present time, with a reduction of more than 70 per cent, the largest of the country’s major producers, and of course, because Trinity is the only private company among the major manufacturers, with a greater effect on the restructuring of the workforce.
The company’s assets are now very high in quality, and its profitability is at the best in history. Currently, Trinity’s product capacity, service capacity, global capacity is still improving, and the company’s own asset quality is still improving.
The market is now more concerned about domestic market demand falling off a cliff, as it was in 2011, and we believe that the total amount of work will be maintained at a level in the next 1-2 years and that the performance of the Trinity is expected to continue upward.6 Profit forecasting and investment proposals
Internationalization will be at the heart of the next round of corporate growth, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
It's a long way away, and the sword means the world, and the macro-policy landscape is likely to tighten: it's a long way away from what's expected, and the sword means the world.
Industry research in the field is good at industrial chain research, especially in industrial automation. For more than six years in the financial sector, the representatives include Robot Trends, etc. Before entering the financial sector, they have eight years of business experience and have worked in areas such as engineering, machinery and automobiles, production technology, markets and strategies.
In July 2017, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre joined the Alliance’s Pacific Securities Centre. The Centre, which joined the Alliance’s Pacific Securities Centre in July 2017, was good at bottom-up investment opportunities.
Research Center, September 2017, Allied Pacific Securities, good at capitalizing on investment opportunities based on industrial trends.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.