As the moon continues, as the sun rises, financial technology leads the business of Hensen Electronics (600570).
Hensen Electronics is China's leading financial software and network service provider, and the company has always focused on financial masters and is a leader in the industry. In 2019, the company has been selected for 11 consecutive years as the world's gold 100 gold gold list, with 43 rankings and the best ranking in history. The company's shareholders are ants in gold.
After 2016, corporate profitability recovered significantly, with net interest rates higher than comparable rates. Corporate R&D inputs accounted for a higher share of business income than comparable companies, and were among the top in the total a share.
In the long run, the country's securitization rate is similar to that of the United States more than 40 years ago, and a significant increase in the country's securitization rate in the future is expected to drive demand for financial science and technology; in the short term, it is 219h1.
In 2022, the size of the Bank of China's investment in it will rise to 150 billion yuan, and the market rules for solutions will be laid down.
The industrial dividend is that capital market reforms, financial openings open the door to financial science and technology, and capital market reforms and innovation become the norm, generating new demand each year and creating new financial technology companies.
The opening up of the financial sector to the outside world has led to more market participants, new business models and technology applications, thus generating more demand for financial science and technology. At the firm level, the idea is to think and grow. In 2019, companies continued to pursue the noline strategy, and the middle-level strategy accelerated. In the future, companies will continue to increase their markets for more products.
Share, maintain the traditional competitive edge of business, drive new technologies to land, and make more breakthroughs in innovation.
For the first time, the Hing Sheng Building, 1000 Shanghai, China and China Gate Road, was covered with an "Increased" rating.
China's Sichuan Free Trade Experiment is a city of New and New Zones. First, Hengsheng Electronics: The Future's Lead Financial Science and Technology Corporation.
1.1 Way to Growth: For nearly 25 years, the Deep Farming Financial Science and Technology Industry has been China ' s leading provider of financial software and network services. Since its inception, the corporate focus on finance has been on the 100th highest list of global financial science and technology, ranking 43th, up 9th from last year ' s.
The company basically covers the vast majority of clients of financial institutions in the country, including bond dealers, futures companies, public funds, trust companies, insurance companies, banks, various exchanges, private funds, tripartite financial marketing companies, etc., and is gradually reaching out to Internet-related businesses associated with the financial biosphere, as well as c-end individual clients, for one.
As leaders of the industry, companies are witnessing the process of financial and technological convergence, based on finance.
The three stages of integration with science and technology can be divided into the following three stages:
Sector. In 1995, the company was formed and entered into the Blue Sea market; in 2003, the company was listed on the main board, from “customization” to “productization”; in 2006, the securities market warmed up, with the company growing from industry leaders.
Clients, interconnecting the various links through the Internet, business set-up and information sharing are part of a change in the channels of traditional finance. In 2009, companies began to explore the construction of Internet finance. It is worth mentioning that, at this stage, companies have other traditional financial operations than securities, futures, funds, insurance, banks, etc.
In addition, hosting the financial market infrastructure, including the new generation of three-board systems, up-front clearing houses, port houses, etc., became the most full-fledged software provider for the exchange industry. 2015-present, the financial science and technology depth integration phase: using artificial intelligence, block chains, cloud computing, large numbers
According to emerging technologies, changing the efficiency and mode of operation of traditional financial institutions from a cost centre to a profit centre. In 2015, a constant financial cloud emerged, and innovative business started its journey. In 2016, companies built up cutting-edge technologies such as the Great Explorer Block Chain, smart finance, and joined the block chain super-account project (hyperledger).
In 2017, an artificial intelligence strategy was issued, eight major artificial intelligence products were launched, and the following year, eight new artificial companies were launched.
The traditional business consists mainly of capital market operations and banking operations. Capital market operations can in turn be broken down into brokerage, financial management, wealth management, and exchange.
1.2 Equity structure: Ali is a member of the map, the controlling shareholder is an ant gold suit, the controlling shareholder is an ant gold suit, the holding ratio is 20.72%. The company is on the b end of the financial layout, the ant is on the c end of the financial layout. The advantage of the ant gold garment is on the bottom of the technology accumulated over the years, and the end of the c.
Large data capabilities that can assist clients in precision marketing, reaching out to customers, with a focus on the use of technology at end-c to advance end-b. The advantage of permanent electronics is that the company has over 20 years of service to end-b clients, serving good customers. The technology and application of persistent electronics and ant gold garments differ.
Figure 5: E-equity structure of Hangzhou Yunpak Investment Consulting Management Ltd.
Hangzhou Juntao Equity Investment Partnership Zhejiang Meltine Network Technology Ltd. Zhejiang Meltine Network Technology Ltd.
China Certificate, Central Bank, Hong Kong Central.
Hangzhou Hengsheng Electronics Group Ltd.
Fund 1.3 Financial position: high Māori, high net profit, heavy R & D, steady growth
1.3.1 Corporate performance as a whole is becoming more robust
The second is the low capital market, which has led to a decline in brokering. The main reasons for the decline in net corporate profits are: first, the consolidated statement of administrative penalties imposed on network companies by company-controlled subsidiaries, and second, the failure of the revenue budget. In the first half of the year 2019, the result was a decline in the net profits of the company.
The boom in capital markets and the benefits of regulatory policies, such as the creation of new capital plans, new regulatory policies, and the opening up of Xiaolong, have had an impact on the firm’s performance in the first half of the year. The company collected 1,524 million yuan in the first half of the year, a steady recovery in corporate profitability since 2016, with net interest rates at 2019 q3 reaching record highs in the same period.
In 2017 to date, the company ' s Māori rate has ranked first in the total a-share, excluding banks and non-Golden Banks. After the 2016 slump, the net interest rate level of the company has steadily risen, and the net interest rate level in the third quarter of 2019 has risen to a high level in the same period, horizontally.
Net corporate interest rates go beyond win-win and top-point software and are significantly higher than gold equity and US financial technology giants. Figure 9: E-Māori is higher than comparable companies, except for high Māori rates, high net interest rates, corporate receivables as a percentage of operating income and advance receipts as a percentage of operating activity
The income ratio shows that companies have a stronger voice in the software industry, the B market. Companies are leading financial and technological firms, with higher technical barriers, with receivables accounting for about 10 per cent of the revenue, and are significantly lower than comparable companies, with advance receipts accounting for nearly 50 per cent of the revenue, higher than gold medals and winnings.
Figure 12: Accounts receivable/revenues are lower than comparable companies Figure 13: Advance receipts/revenues are higher than gold medal shares and win-wins
It is much higher than comparable companies, and the gap is growing year by year, with the strong growing. From Dupont, as a light-asset company, the e-business turnover rate has also been maintained at a higher level, with a lower equity multiplier than gold equity, higher winnings and top-point software.
Brokering, financial management, wealth operations, Internet operations were relatively high in 2018. 219h1, Brokerit business line revenue was almost equal, with further increases in market occupancy rates; new regulations for managing corporate assets were smoothed up, benefiting from science and innovation, securities market warming, new regulations were introduced; and wealthit operations benefited.
On the one hand, the exchangeit business has further strengthened its investment in financial infrastructure operations: on the other hand, it has been active in the country’s carbon trading markets, industrial supply chains, and gold control groups.
The Māori rate of corporate brokerage, wealth, exchange, non-financial business has increased. 1.3.2 Research and Development Capability Helpers (R & D) cross Côte d'Ivoire, and R & D inputs are distributed mainly in three locations: research institutes, R & D centres, business platforms, and research and development products.
Technology investment in core products such as uf3.0, o45, ta5.0, m4., jres3.0, artificial intelligence, big data, knowledge mapping, nlp, etc. R & D costs and the number of R & D personnel are at a leading level in the industry, ensuring that companies are equipped
In the last five years, the computer industry has ranked first among the top 10 companies in terms of average R & D spending. Given the size of the company’s operating income, the statistical computer industry has ranked second in terms of its R & D expenditure as a share of the top 10 companies in terms of operating income.
40%, and much higher than comparable companies in financial science and technology. The number of company personnel has not changed much in the last three years. At present, Hengsheng has more than 7,000 highly qualified professionals, 63% of whom are R & D, 26% of whom are clients, and 26% of technical staff in planning consulting, software development implementation, technical services, systems collection.
Strong power and competitive advantage in the area of production and systems maintenance services. Figure 18: Proximity of the research and development expenditure computer industry. Figure 19: Proximity of the research and development expenditure/business income computer industry.
The computer industry has ranked top ten companies in average R & D spending for almost five years.
China's Great Wall.
Koda, Suzhou. Hengsheng Electronics.
Wi-Hun shares Chinese software, mega-tech.
Figure 20: Financial science and technology ranked first in R & D expenditure/business income
The average per capita wage has been growing at the middle of the market and, according to public figures, in companies of the tmt type, the company has been able to generate income, profits, and per capita wages.
The per capita remuneration level is much higher than that of comparable companies in financial technology. There are currently more than 500 M.A. and higher degrees in the workforce, and the addition of highly qualified, highly skilled people is also an increase in pay.
The company has now basically developed a three-tier R & D architecture consisting of research and development at the Helium Institute, the R & D Centre, and the business sector platform. The Helium Institute is a pioneer of the constant frontier technology; the R & D centre focuses on technology platforms and bottom platforms; and the business sector platform is dedicated to providing corporate solutions.
Business income is cyclical, similar to the trend in China’s capital markets, and corporate innovation will gradually emerge in the future, with constant e-business revenues expected to become less cyclical and less volatile, and research and development can help companies move through the Cow Bear market and become both pro-cyclical.
Figure 24: Three-tier research architecture II. Industry climate rises and financial demand booms 2.1 Capital market demand continues to grow
We believe that the growth of demand in capital markets is a constant determinant of companies’ long-term growth. As supply-side reforms deepen, the process of capital-market reform accelerates, and regulatory policies that have had a significant impact on corporate operations have been largely reflected in the preparation and establishment of the initiative board and its creation in the first half of 2019.
Activating capital markets while stimulating the demand of customers for company-related products will have a heavy impact on the company’s operations and performance. 2019q3, as income from the start-up board begins to be recognized, the company’s performance will be released faster.
At the same time, there are signs of a return to growth in non-globin block capital spending, and the demand side of financial science and technology as a post-cycle industry has grown. Even in 2018, the share of non-monetary portfolio R & D spending has increased significantly, indicating a certain degree of financial institutions' interest in technology.
In the medium-to-long term, financial science and technology is moving from a cost centre to a profit center, and it is more important to think about the nature of financial science and technology needs than is the case with capital-side wealth management needs, given the large base.
In 2018, China maintained an increase of 8% in total personal investable assets. At the same time, the structure of the population’s wealth distribution is changing. According to advice from Benn and Boston, the wealth allocation of our population is concentrated mainly in deposits and housing, with a proportion of more than 60%, and between 2014 and 2018, there was a decline in the share of deposits and equities, and investment.
The share of financial assets in our household wealth is low compared to the share of developed countries in the United States and Japan. What is foreseen is future asset-end financing needs: 50% of taxes, 60% of gdp, 70% of invention patents for small and medium-sized enterprises.
In the context of the economic downturn, banks do not lend enough to MSMEs. Our main financial institutions have increased their lending balances to MSMEs at a rate of 13.2 per cent, and our share of direct financing is significantly lower than in developed markets.
The need for wealth management at the capital end and the gap in financing at the asset end show that the securitization rate in the country has much scope for improvement. Horizontally, our securitization rate is comparable to that of the US more than 40 years ago.
In the future, the country’s securitization rate is expected to raise the demand for financial science and technology. We measure securitization at the ratio of the total market value of listed companies to gdp, which reflects the maturity of the capital market. Since 1990, our securitization rate has risen from less than 10% to its peak in 2007.
The financial sector can be divided into four subsectors: securities, funds, banks, insurance, etc.
Among them, the securitiesit and fundit industries are relatively concentrated, the bankit markets are fairly fragmented, and the insurance market is still small. The new regulations require net-value banking management, which promotes the permanent opening of income space in the banking sector, and the continuing monopoly advantage of the existing system of management is conducive to further upgrading the silver stock.
In 2017, the total size of China ' s banking portfolio was 100 billion yuan, the total size of the solution market was 33,960 million yuan. In 2022, China ' s banking portfolio is expected to reach 150 billion yuan, and the size of the solution market will be more than 88 billion yuan.
In 2018, the securitiesit market grew by more than 50%, with a size of $12.5 billion, well below the size of the bankit market. Compared to securitiesit, the bankit competition pattern is fragmented, the concentration of the industry is low, it is in the blue and sea markets, and companies are expected to further increase bankit ownership and market competitiveness in the future.
As the economy grows, national income rises, residents’ insurance consumption grows steadily, and our insurance industry grows rapidly. According to the China Insurance Regulatory Commission, China’s insurance premium revenue was $159.6 billion in 2000, despite China’s rapid growth in the size of the insurance market, the coverage depth and density of the insurance compared with that of developed countries.
According to the sigma study, the depth of China ' s life insurance and non-life insurance market insurance in 2018 was 2.3 per cent and 1.92 per cent, respectively, and the planning framework for China ' s life insurance and non-life insurance market density in 2018 clearly stated that by 2020, the national insurance premium income would reach around 4.5 trillion yuan.
The insurance depth is 5% and the insurance density is 3,500 yuan per person. Annually, the national insurance premium income is expected to be around 700 billion yuan, with life and non-life insurance depths separately.
Looking at over 42 billion yuan, the solution market is about 17.8 billion yuan. 3.1 dividend: capital market reforms open up to the marginal financial science and technology sector 3.1.1 inherently driven: capital market reforms
In the context of financial supply side reform, the process of capital market reform is accelerating, opening up the financial science and technology industry to market margins. Corporate operations are very closely related to China’s capital markets. Capital market reform and innovation require a lot of support from the int system, for securities companies, futures companies, and foundations.
What we need to recognize is that capital-market reforms and innovations have become the norm, generating new demand each year, thus creating a new profit-generating growth point for financial technology companies. In 2015, the Fund Act was fully implemented, and the Fund’s dedicated asset management subsidiary’s business has grown in enthusiasm;
In 2016, when the financial sector entered compliance, financial regulation was generally strengthened. The CSRC revised the Measures for Managing the Risk Control Indicators of Securities Companies, which increasingly regulated the use of funds, and the State Council published Interconnectivity for the Internet Finance Industry.
In 2017, the Central Bank Joint III and the Foreign Exchange Authority issued new regulations governing the management of capital. At the same time, regulators issued a series of regulatory policies within their respective jurisdictions to identify and prevent risks in other areas of finance, such as public fund-raising, banking, insurance, and so on.
Professionality, uniformity, and penetration. The regulation of the financial sector in 2018, on the one hand, continued to be based on a “legal, comprehensive and stringent” regulatory tone, which contained the demand of the industry’s customers; and, on the other hand, new progress was being made in institution-building.
3.1.2 External drivers: financial openness The recent introduction of a policy of foreign openness in China's financial sector and the acceleration of the financial opening process.
The Msci Emerging Market Index has also been formally incorporated. We believe that the financial sector’s opening up to the outside world brings with it more market participants, as well as new business models and technology applications that generate more demand for financial science and technology and increase the size of the financial technology market.
Investment-in-equity commercial banks finance subsidiaries; offshore asset management agencies are allowed to establish jointly with subsidiaries of medium-capital banks or insurance companies financial management companies with foreign-owned shares; offshore financial institutions are permitted to invest in the establishment, participation in pension management companies; and full capital formation or participation in foreign investments is supported.
Financial sector open to the outside world Money brokerage companies; personal risk equity increased from 51 per cent to 100 per cent of the transition period, from the original 2021 to 2020; insurance holdings in the domestic insurance companies were cancelled
The shares of the production management company must not be less than 75 per cent, allowing foreign investors to hold shares and allowing foreign institutions to acquire the interbank bond market by 2020 before the limited time point when the equity shares of the securities company, the fund management company and the futures company would have been cancelled by 2021a
As an example, the CVM spokesperson indicated that it would be launched in 2020.
On 1 January 2020, the foreign equity restrictions on futures companies were lifted; on 1 April 2020, the equity companies, the fund management companies and the equity restrictions were lifted; and on 1 December 2020, the securities company was eliminated.
In the Opinion, the following points were made explicitly in relation to “accelerating the financial sector’s opening up process”, as was the case with the Gold Management Corporation, Futures Corporation, and the foreign sector’s limited shareholding.
The People’s Bank, the Silver Insurance Supervisory Board and the Certification Supervisory Board are responsible for the division of responsibilities. First, they liberalize the scope of operations.
Qualitative conditions. Reduction of foreign investors’ investment in banking, insurance institutions and the development of associations. The State Department issued a number of entry conditions for operations related to the cancellation of foreign banks’ entry into China, the establishment of foreign corporate banks, the establishment of foreign banks, the establishment of foreign banks, the establishment of foreign banks, the establishment of foreign banks, the establishment of foreign banks, the establishment of foreign banks, the establishment of foreign banks, the establishment of foreign banks, the establishment of foreign banks, the establishment of foreign banks, the establishment of foreign banks, the establishment of foreign banks, the establishment of insurance institutions and the development of associations.
Total asset requirements of the branch, elimination of foreign insurance brokerage companies operating in China: years of business next year, total asset requirements.
The elimination of foreign investment as a shareholder in financial banks and foreign insurance institutions, and the elimination of the four major restrictions on the sole or exclusive domain of foreign and Chinese joint-venture banks
The main shareholders must be required by the financial institution to allow the foreign insurance group to invest in the establishment of insurance-type institutions.
By 2020, no more than 51 per cent of foreign holdings in securities companies, portfolio fund management companies, futures companies, and life insurance companies were eliminated. 215 foreign banks from 54 countries and territories were established in China by April of this year, according to statistics.
At the same time, there are 59 foreign insurance institutions and 14 foreign insurance intermediaries, and more than 1,800 branches have been established in China. Financial security control is the main direction, with foreign financial institutions entering China at the request of the CSRC.
Domestic trading systems need to be used, and internal management systems can use internal systems, but it is important that the trading systems linking the exchange and the China-China company apply the systems of domestic manufacturers. Companies are more likely to enjoy the benefits of entering foreign financial institutions on the basis of years of experience with service finance institutions.
On 22nd of the month, Nomura Holdings announced that its foreign equity joint venture, Nomura Oriental International Securities Company Ltd., had been licensed to operate securities. Nomura Oriental was Japan’s largest voucher dealer and Kim Meletech, behind which Hengsin provided an integrated solution for Nomura Oriental International Securities.
It's the first landfall case of an overall solution for a new foreign equity broker. 3.2 Thinking about change: the transformation of the Online continues, and the middle-level strategy is further on the ground, and as the era of financial individualization comes, in 2018 the company developed an “online” thematic strategy that offers a medium-term perspective.
In 2019, the company continued to implement the "online " strategy, which fully promotes the transformation of the technology architecture and embraces the Internet distribution architecture to meet the business development needs of financial institutions.
In the future, companies will scale up the construction of medium-level product lines, including technology hubs, data hubs, business hubs, and sharing centers, to accelerate core product development and up-to-date development. The construction of large-scale hubs is a future-oriented victory.
The middle of the business, the middle of the data, the middle of the technology are triangulations, and the bottom of the technology is the base; The middle of the business and the middle of the data are the two ends of the triangulation, which are interrelated and require the dataization of the business; The birth of a double-mixit: from the age of industrialization to the age of the Internet, the client becomes a centre of commercial competition, fast.
Responding to, exploring, excavating, and leading clients’ needs determines the survival and sustainable development of the enterprise, the financial institutions't sector ensures the safe and stable operation of the existing core business while developing new systems to adapt to the rapid development of innovative business.
The institutional system is divided into two categories: a new, stable-state model (concerning security stability, waterfall opening) and agility model (concerning innovation exploration, uncertain rapid rotation and dissemination).
The efficiency of the industry, due to cost, compliance, etc. constraints, the system upgrades are very cautious and therefore cannot be matched quickly at the front end. If the sensitive mode system inserts a large amount of business logic directly into the system, the front desk system will expand to form a “smoke-stamping monolithic application”. This can be done through a steady state backstage and a sensitive state.
Add a medium to the front desk to bring together the frequently changing or used business logic in the “backstage” and the ability to stabilize generic business capabilities in the “front desk” to respond flexibly to the differentiated needs of clients.
In the areas of industry and finance, the middle-level of operations in the financial sector is at a relatively low level compared to the Internet power provider sector. Figure 47: Double Model + Medium-Driving Technology Development.
The data center is literally located in the middle between front-end data applications and back-end data sources, and is designed to match rapid front-end application needs with relatively slow changes in core data and complex data maintenance.
Working to provide integrated data median solutions for various financial institutions in capital markets, including: One platform building, data governance, big dataai applications. 23 August, New Infrastructure for the E-Rocking of Smart Finance — Permanent Data Center
Poweredbyalibabacloud. The center-stage assembly of a new generation of automated data asset construction and management platforms in Aliun will provide an integrated data center solution for a variety of financial institutions in capital markets, including integrated platform building, data governance and big dataai applications.
In the construction of the data platform, the company is fit to take a holistic approach, with the scene-driven strategy of running small runs, such as: in the business data centre area, with uniform supervision of delivery, lead cockpit as the application site; and in the user data center area, with user behavior analysis, personalization information recommended as the application site
On the ground; in the field of researching big data center stage, smart information, quantitative feature processing as an application scenario Internet scenes impose additional demands on financial products, thus creating a demand for Internet adaptation of the application system. In May 2019, the company United ants Gold Clothes and Aliyun jointly launched a new generation of distributed services development.
Platform jres3.0poweredbyant, which combines tripartite capabilities to better advance digital finance. The share of new R & D products based on jres 3.0 architecture increased significantly in the first half of 2019.
Reusable, expanded, high-security features that reduce the technical requirements of business developers and enhance development efficiency and system stability. 3.3 Growth: competitive advantage is maintained and cutting edge technology is accelerated.
3.2.1 The market share continues to grow, and traditional business advantages are maintained. Companies have been at the forefront of the business.
In addition to the dominant core trading application system, there are many other applications associated with valuation, liquidation, trusteeship, financial management, channels, etc. The development of capital, the growing complexity of the financial institutions system, and the growing demand for integration have been accompanied by the emergence of a nuclear system.
High-market coverage of heart-trading applications will gradually spread to the surroundings. Financial regulation has become tighter since 2015, and corporate product-market coverage has increased in the context of regulatory needs such as appropriate investor management and anti-money laundering. Banking itself has a strong self-research capacity and has high requirements for ownership of software, but given cloud computing,
The rapid development of technologies such as artificial intelligence, block chains, and the future space for cooperation between banks and Fintech, 2019, known as the Year of the Bank Finance Company. As of August 22, 11 banks have been approved for construction, and 22 banks' finance companies are awaiting approval. The total size of the properties involved is close to $20 trillion.
RMB, which accounts for nearly 90% of industry's finances.
Following the issuance of the new rules for financial subsidiaries, the system for registering and registering his physical assets has been working with a number of companies in China to set up commercial banks for financial subsidiaries, such as Chinese banks and transport banks, in which China and China have completed the business of their subsidiaries. As of August 27, the Bank of Heng Seong has completed its work.
In total, more than 40 financial institutions have recognized the system, with nearly 100 per cent of the municipalities in commercial banks.
The company has spearheaded a corporate solution covering marketing management, operations management, investment management, risk management “four-by-one” and end-to-end banking/fiscal subsidiaries. Given the financial subsidiary’s corresponding IT system, most banks plan as a whole and build as needed.
The company’s business opportunities have been more focused on raising funds, especially on upgrading and restructuring the money sales. Over the past six months, more than 20 bta projects were won, completing a customer card for an IT system that had been set up or was to be set up as a bank finance subsidiary.
Research and development inputs for company-related systems, such as integration of investment, active marketing, and so on, introduce high-end talent and provide integrated services from consulting, R & D, and operation.
Cross-sales, interconnectivity, achievement of uniform interface standards, expansion of real-time service interfaces and bzd21 interfaces that meet banking standards for information interaction
10 years of financial banking default and innovation, mature product platforms, full-scale Java technology, support for distributional architecture, zoning liquidation, and liquidation
Real-time liquidation (by product, vendor), with horizontal and vertical expansion of emerging technologies, 3.2.1 surges in innovation operations, 2019h1, and slow growth in Internetit revenues.
During the first half of the year, income, on the one hand, was large, and the market, on the other hand, will always change. Among its affiliates, which currently have a large share of income in the overall income of Internet operations, are concentrated sources, whales, and clouds.
In the first half of 2019, cloud technology increased its income faster than in the first half of the year, and new products 3.0 and new c end-of-life services are being developed.
The Worming Network is still in its strategic input phase, with narrow losses. With regard to the operation of the gtn platform, the Gtn platform has been developing rapidly overall in the first half of 2019, with more than 2,000 open platform registrations, and the openapi service connection has continued to grow and revenue has increased significantly.
In terms of industrial technology applications, artificial intelligence technology products are gradually being applied in real terms to customers such as coupons, banks, etc. They are part of the growing demand in the industry.
In the area of financial science and technology, the company has set up the Ministry of Cloud Basic Development to provide solutions for the construction and operation of the financial sector and the private sector of financial institutions: the Ministry of Data Central Development has been set up to provide financial institutions with large data-related platforms and solutions; and in the area of artificial intelligence, the financial institutions that continue to practice behavioral practices provide useful and useful ai products.
There is a steady increase in product maturity and client size in the areas of smart customer service, smart information, and intellectual investment; at the same time, active participation in the industry in the natural language processing, knowledge mapping, block chain application for the financial sector; and continuous exploration of new applications.
Figure 55: cmp cloud management platform Unified management of cloud resources in data centres, support to vsphere, openstack, powervc, containers, x86 physical machines, and mainstream cloud platforms, such as Aliun, tungsten cloud, Qingyun cloud, to achieve enterprise
Free choice of cloud platforms, neutralization of cloud platforms, and avoidance of cloud locking. Figure 56: Application site of the swarm whale products Block chain: Helium Electronics is one of the first financial technology companies to be deployed in the area of block chains.
In 2015, a block chain study was launched, with the creation in 2016 of a special block chain studio at the Hennessing Institute, and joined the Hyperledger organization as the initiator of the financial block chain alliance (the Golden Chain Alliance). For many years, he has continued to explore the technology and application of the block chain.
The team has also developed two core platforms: the Fan Tai chain platform, the hsl platform, which has been tested through the STB standards, and the IBC block chain standards, with practical, advanced and compliant features. The company has issued nine patents in areas related to the block chain, on which it has autonomously developed and completed its letter of credit operations,
Supply chain finance, private equity, e-mail offices, e-contracts, user growth, double-recording, etc.
On June 28, 2018, the Hangzhou Internet Court released the Vantaa Linked Internet Court's evidence.
Subdata recorder service, litigator litigation needs the first electronic evidence platform in the country. Electronic evidence, Internet court can go directly to Vantaa.
The Chinese Banking Association, led by 11 leading banks and 4 technology companies, is working to achieve the full realization of the domestic letter of credit and the Forfeiting between banks.
Standardization of information on trade in financial products from China ' s Trade and Finance Inter-Tracking Block Platform and the upper chain of electronic operations. The bottom of its existing block chain is completely permanent and intelligent, creating a new trade and financial ecology that allows participants to change traditional asset management practices
Port Poc project, which introduces block chain technology to the digital model, is no longer limited to exchange provision of centralised asset registration and transaction settlement. One can be achieved.
It's a platform service, and it's about the needs of the various participants, and the private equity poc projects in Hong Kong, about the distribution of equity assets, multi-participating, and sharing.
Cross-referenced digital assets and key evidence, each with its own individual focus, will inform the underlying assets of the accounts receivable business.
Tianjin Financial Assets Exchange Block Chain Project, using process, product formation process, upper block chain. Distribution of distributed account book technology innovations and release of accounts receivable-based decentralised and anti-frogging features have enhanced intelligent contract products for the benefit sharing of Heavenly Gold.
The credibility of the bottom asset register, with its consensus mechanism, increases the intellectual contract product of the business, and adds to the market ' s recognition of product certainty.
Through block chain smart contract technology, the Edition has been made available in the second-tier city of the language version of the current cultural assets, and the entire node of information is stored.
Pre-sale subscriptions, circulation, in the city of Shenzhen, to ensure the orderly, irreversible flow of cultural assets.
The platform is based on the block chain technology base provided by Heng-sung, which is a platform for integrated supply chain services in the medium-green supply chain.
On top of it, seamlessly combing up and down with the financial machine, it's a comprehensive industrial supply chain suit.
To build a "green supply chain management platform" that includes financial flows, information flows, logistics, and paper flows. Hensen Electronics is China's leading financial software and network service provider, and companies always focus on financial masters.
In 2019, the company was in the forefront of the industry, and for 11 consecutive years, it was selected for the Fintech 100 global gold list, ranked 43, with the highest ranking in history. Corporate shareholders were ants in gold and were directly included in Ali's map. High R & D performances, high net interest rates and high market rates, and help companies travel through the city of Cow Bears.
After 2016, corporate profitability recovered significantly, with net interest rates higher than comparable companies. Corporate R & D inputs accounted for a higher proportion of business income than comparable companies, and were among the top in the total a share.
At a similar rate, the country’s securitization rate is expected to boost financial technology demand in the future; in the short term, there are signs of warmer capital spending by non-banking financial institutions, which would benefit financial and technological leaders.
In 2022, the size of the Chinese bank's investment in it will exceed 150 billion yuan, and the size of the solution market will exceed 88 billion yuan; the insurance market is expected to exceed 42 billion yuan, and the solution market will be about 17.8 billion yuan.
Capital market reform and innovation have become the norm, generating new demand each year, creating new profitable growth points for financial technology companies. Financial sector liberalization has led to more market participants, new business models, and technology applications, thus generating more financial technology demand.
In the future, companies will continue to increase their market share of more products, maintain their traditional competitive advantages, promote new technologies, and make more breakthroughs in innovation. Markets are worried about future performance growth points for companies after a breakthrough.
Financial technology leads firms, with 25 years of experience in deep-farming financial science and technology, and strong technological capacity for research and development, taking advantage of the opportunities of the times. Markets suspect that high-market and high-morigin rates are the anchors for companies’ future development.
Transforming will help companies to take their share of the market further, while, in the middle-stage construction process, companies upgrade areas into a new architecture, and upgrades are continuous and global. Moreover, companies have the advantage of core trading applications, which can further irradiate the perimeter, improve valuation, liquidation, hosting, etc.
On the basis of the above analysis, we make the following key assumptions about the performance of corporate financial science and technology over the next three years:
Investment management, wealth operations: in the short term, management of new regulations, preparation of financial subsidiaries to contribute to the profits of corporate capital and wealth operations, and in the long run, as we all can invest in assets, the proportion of financial assets allocated to our household wealth compared to the developed countries of the United States and Japan
Lower, and predictable, is the need for wealth management in our population in the future, our securitization rate is similar to that in the United States more than 40 years ago, and the significant increase in our securitization rate in the future is expected to lead to the creation of new brokering systems in new trading modes such as the 2019 Science and Technology Innovation Board and the Léonton deal.
Renovating demand, in the long run, the demand of securities brokers is mainly affected by the declining share of securities brokers in revenue, and brokering agents will be on a downward trend in the future as the rate of commission rates for securities transactions declines and the rate of a-share exchange declines in the long term.
In 2019h1, corporate Internet income growth has been slower, but emerging technologies such as cloud computing, artificial intelligence, block chains and financial depth are still on the rise, so we think that Internet operations are still on a spiral upward trend in the future.
Exchange operations, banking: The revenue from these two operations is relatively low. Overall, banking operations are subject to the pace of demand and product line development, making it difficult to make an effective breakthrough in the short term, and steady growth in exchange and banking operations is expected to continue in the future.
1) Macroeconomic uncertainties; 2) uncertainties in financial science and technology regulatory policies; 3) capital market reforms have not advanced as expected; 4) financial science and technology research and development commercial models have not advanced as expected. Law, using legally compliant information, provides the report independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be relevant to this report.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, it is not a client of the company who has no direct business relationship with it, and it does not have proper responsibility. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, until it is publicly disclosed or agreed to disclose it.
Clients of the company receive this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner, and keep it confidential. The report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of the information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
The company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the opinions, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values, and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For other professionals in the company (including but not limited to salesmen, traders), based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance, this document contains analytical comments or trade views that are not consistent with this report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up on the corresponding updates or modifications.The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are only for the information of investors and not for the purchase or sale of securities or their sale.
This view, the proposal, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the persons to be covered by this report, and consults with any professional financial consultant in the areas of finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of future relevant studies in this report and the Division. The company and the author will not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.