Capital markets are at the forefront, high R & D is building high prices, Hengsheng Electronics (600570) in depth reports, Hensen Electronics (600.570.sh) Deep Farming Financialit has been in place for more than 20 years and is now a securities, foundation.
Gold and other capital markets have been absolute leaders. Since their arrival in 2003, companies have been fined for years without affecting their ability to operate, maintaining overall stability and rapid growth, and moving towards the international top financial technology firm.
In April 2019, an ant gold suit completed the acquisition of 100% of the company’s controlling shareholders’ constant stockholdings. Alibaba and the advantages of ant gold garments in bottom technology and end-of-end flows will significantly increase the company’s financial sector.
Technology export capacity in the field of technology stimulates income generation from Internet operations. In May 2019, the company joined forces to show a relative depth of 300 indexes, the ants gold suit, and Aliyun launched the “New Generation Distributed Services Development Platform” jres3.0.
The synergies between the two sides highlight the potential for future development. Continued high levels of profitability + improved cost levels, financial performance: corporate financial performance remained excellent, with Māori rates remaining above 95% in 2016-2018 and rising continuously
“High R & D + High City + High Pricing” creates core competitiveness: companies have a very high investment in R & D (43.0% of the investment in 2018 is a significant leader of their counterparts), resulting in excellent technological capabilities and product systems.
High-market rates already occupied, combined with high industry replacement costs and high access thresholds, and using strong pricing powers to transfer high costs to downstream customers, have gained stability, Song Jiangbo.
The positive feedback cycle, built by the High R & D + High City + High Prices, is increasing to form the firm’s core competitiveness. Profit forecasting and investment advice: as capital market reforms deepen, new regulations are in place.
The political changes, such as corporate finance companies, science and innovation boards, and Lianlong-Tong, are on the rise, and the company's performance is expected to continue to grow steadily, and the “three-high” model will continue to play a competitive role, further bolstering it.
The company officially landed in 2003 and has been on the market since then.
Over the past five years, the company has achieved 23.1% cagr and 15.6% net profit cagr, maintaining steady and fast growth. The company is now at the forefront of the domestic financial sector, and according to the idc ' s latest index 100, the company has been elected for 11 years, rising to 43 places globally, and is in the process of growing.
Progress towards a leading international financial science and technology firm. 1.1 Strategic excellence, leading to three stages of financial e-commerce
1. Product orientation: enrichment of product lines based on rising customer base, in particular
1) Platform orientation: combining cloud computing 1) Project orientation: providing a bottom-down technology framework, holding up multi-pound standardized products, increasing user stickyness, strengthening market penetration
(ii) Business: principal collectors, funds, banking
2. Business: At the same time as the consolidation of niche areas, the expansion of new businesses such as trusts, exchanges, etc. 2) Business: Cloud computing, smart investment 3) Competition: The overall face of intense peer competition
3) Competition: Continuous upgrading of technology and ants in ants, competitive leadership, relevant affiliates opening up the growth space The environmental phase of operations is based on the ICAI White Paper on Financial Science and Technology Ecology in China (2019).
In the millennium, corporate revenue grew from less than 500 million yuan to 3260 million yuan in 2018, with capr remaining at 20.0 per cent, while the high growth rate benefited from the overall development of the financialit industry in which Internet finance and financial technology offered opportunities for expansion.
On the other hand, the company’s own strategic transformation has always been “pre-paced” for a major reason, as the market share of the line of business has been rising under two major shifts in productization and platforming. As performance has grown rapidly, the company’s market value has continued to rise. Since its listing in 2003, the company’s market value has been on the rise, especially since its breakthrough of 10 billion yuan in 2010.
In response to the boom in financial science and technology, two strategic adjustments have led to three phases of development. Looking at the course of corporate development, this has led to three phases, marked by two strategic adjustments, the first being a shift from a project company to a product company, and the second from a product company to a platform company.
1) The project company phase: provides a bottom-line technological framework to take over the project and expands the client base.
It is worth noting that the competitiveness of the company’s products is not yet fully visible at this stage, while client demand is relatively blurred, and therefore faces a strong impact on competitors in a number of areas of disaggregation. However, the low stock market before and after 2005 led to gold.
(ii) The product company phase: enriching and standardizing the product lines and further tightening the market position. After 2005, with some competitors turning to the non-financial IT model of diversification, firms are always focusing on the main industry and competing for more than one sector, market shares are rising rapidly.
In the wake of the rise of 2c Internet securities providers, such as Eastern wealth and homogeneity, market entry into the Internet finance age, new technologies and models have hit the old financial ecology, leading traditional financial institutions, represented by coupons, to seek a transformation of efficiency gains, a complete upgrading of electronics and a surge in demand for one-stop systems.
Reciprocalization of previous project development and implementation has led to the gradual harmonization of common technologies and the benchmarking of products. With productization, companies have continued to introduce a variety of heavy-pound products, not only to boost market access in the areas of vouchers, funds, banks, but also to achieve breakthroughs in new areas such as trusts, exchanges, and so forth.
The acquisition of 100% of the shares of the Hengsung group has been completed, and the company’s real-estate control has changed to Maun, officially becoming Ali’s part of the Internet finance ecology. The ants’ gold suit has further strengthened the company’s technological genes, and the products have gradually been integrated into intelligent properties, laying the foundation for a subsequent platform transformation.
3) Platform company phase: transition to platform company through a combination of two major technological trends: cloud computing and artificial intelligence. According to the IBI White Paper on Financial Science and Technology Ecology in China (2019), the global environment has evolved from the Internet finance phase to the financial science and technology phase after 2015, a (ai, artificial intelligence), b (blockchain, a block chain), c (clud),
New technologies such as cloud computing, d (bigdata, big data) show their effect on the transformation of the financial landscape. On the face of the change, companies, both inside and outside, are also pushing forward the online strategy: trying to connect the various ministries across the board, integrating the full range of business data, and outside, creating multiple cloud computing subsidiaries to explore the cloudization and intelligence of the core business.
The initial line consists of three aspects: moving forward: upgrading existing solutions and systems, providing clients with online solutions such as wealth, financial management, brokerage, etc.; and building the production environment and transport system on the cloud: thinkonline: building a constant ibrain, increasing cutting-edge scientific and technological inputs and working with the company's traditional industry.
Follow-up companies further propose hundsonline: build companies into online employee platforms through the u+ and multi-level partnership schemes. While the corporate platform strategy is still in progress in 2019, it is judged that the platform strategy will further enhance the efficiency of traditional business operations while opening up the space for innovative business development.
1.2 Shareholders are strong, ant gold is in the main reinforced technological context, and in terms of the equity structure, the company’s major shareholders can be divided into three categories: founders, strategic investors, and other investors, and we focus on the first two categories. For the founders, Zhou Lingen, Chen Hong, and Peng are still the company’s major shareholders.
The company's adherence to technology in its strategic choices reflects the technical background of the founder and management team. Already at the beginning of the company's listing, the parent company and the real-estated Henseng Group held about 30% of the company's shares, and the entire stock of the Hensing Group was held almost exclusively by 15 founders, including Huang Dae-sung.
The founder’s exclusive equity structure lasted until 2015, during which the company focused on financialit software products, upgrading the quality of the products, and less on online applications and services. Although Huang Dae-jung and some of his founders have left the company, Zhou Lingen, Chen Hong, Peng and others are still guiding it.
In terms of strategic investors, ants have become core investors, and companies enjoy technological and resource synergies. In April 2019, ants have completed a 100% acquisition of the company-owned stockholders' Helium Group, which has been changed indirectly to a 100% direct hold group. As early as 2014, ants' gold uniforms passed through Zhejiang.
Beneath the control of the Hengsheng group, the company became the first financial category 1t public division under the ants' gold suit. We believe that the company has the technical and resource synergies: the company has a deep b-end client base and the capacity of technical services to effectively complement the ants' gold suit financial services ecology, while the ants' gold suit is at the bottom of the technology.
Aliun represents the advantage of the flow) and c-sides that can significantly increase the company’s ability to export technology in the area of financial technology and raise the income of its innovative subsidiaries. In fact, the company is already doing business with ant gold suits, Ali Clouds, Zhejiang Letters, the Tianhong Foundation, payment treasures, Internetbanks, all of which are company-related transactions.
The synergies between the two sides are further demonstrated by the launch of the “New Generation Distributed Services Development Platform” by the company Union of Ant Gold Clothes, Ali Yun, in May 2019. Figure 3: Equity structure and major affiliates
Only some of the relatively mature major subsidiaries are listed, as detailed below: 1.3 business-wide, two-line coverage of traditional and innovative operations. From a business line, after a product-based development phase, the company ' s current software product base is very mature, the main one is.
To be divided into both traditional and innovative categories, the former achieves full coverage for all types of financial institutions, while the latter rely on new and emerging technologies represented by cloud calculations, operating through subsidiaries and obtaining quick inputs on a continuous basis 1) from the point of view of traditional operations, the company relies on the various sectors of its business:
In the case of brokerage, companies provide securities dealers with a core trading system (uf series, mainly uf 2.0, uf3.0), as well as other accompanying institutional counter systems, centralized operating platforms, bop, Xiaozhou, etc. In the case of managing the business, companies provide investment management platforms, etc. (0 series of products, mainly) to regulators.
These include 032, 04, as well as the main brokerage business system (pb), the valuation system and the risk management system, etc. With respect to wealthit operations, companies provide the relevant wealth management agencies with a registration system (ta4.0, etc.), the sales system, the hosting system, the trading system and the liquidation system, etc.
(b) In the context of the business of exchanges, the various asset-trading platforms that companies provide for transactions, and in the context of banking operations, companies provide banks with platformed products such as finance, financial management, paper, consumer finance, etc. (2) From a traditional business perspective, companies set up various subsidiaries to conduct their business:
With regard to financial data services, companies provide basic, applied databases, terminals, and innovative products to various financial institutions through constant clustering of sources. With regard to cloud services, companies provide various types of finance through subsidiaries such as Yunchung, Yun Ying, Yunyong and Yunyan.
The institution provides saas-based cloud services and, in the case of investor end-of-life operations, companies provide securities futures mobile terminals, pc financial terminals, iwin smart operations through win-win investments, private equity investment systems, etc.
In the case of smart investment operations, companies provide individual investors with smart investment tools, smart jobs, and, in addition, they provide financial institutions and developers with interconnected and diversified platform services, mainly through intelligence units.
2. Basics: Capital market operations underpin healthy financial performance 2.1 excellent financial reporting, revenue collection, continued cash flow to good 2.1.1 high growth + beta attributes, net profit recovery back on track
For example, in 2016, the network of subsidiaries was subject to regulatory sanctions for the Homs system, with companies planning to charge $278 million in fines.
Non-recurrent gains and losses directly contributed to the return of the company to its parent profits of only $18 million in 2016. In addition, the company’s continuous establishment of several innovation subsidiaries in 2016 and 2017, as well as the Hening Institute’s cost increases, further reduced net profits.
In addition, in 2019, the company introduced the new financial instruments accounting standards, allowing the fair value of the financial assets available for sale to be directly accounted for in gain or loss, which led to a significant increase in corporate profits of 2019h1, up to the same rate.
The marked high Māori rate shows profitability for three years and above 95% in a row. The company ' s Māori rate has been rising in recent years, with interest rate levels in 2016 being among the top of the total a share.
Given that such calibre adjustments are somewhat widespread within the industry, we believe that the company’s current high levels of Maori still reflect its high levels of profitability. And, after excluding the effects of 2014, the firm’s steady upward trend is still clear.
The high Māori performance of companies is mainly due to three factors: 1) the continued upgrading of the vanguard position and the continued emergence of the dominant pricing power, such as power, wealth, etc.; 2) the gradual decline in the cost of manual maintenance as a result of product-based strategies; and 3) the rapid growth of innovative operations with higher value added, further increasing the Māori rate.
Except in 2016, when a penalty was imposed, the net rate of profit and the level of the rent remained essentially stable at 20%, showing a strong level of return stability. In addition to high Maori, the overall downside of the inter-period costs and the better performance of equity investments are the main reasons why companies maintain high net interest rates and roe.
After 2015, as the strategy moves from product-based to platform, companies begin to deepen the development of cloud-based strategies, while optimizing internal staff to improve efficiency, leading to cost-side optimization, in the context of a well-developed product distribution network.
Of the three fees, the management cost rate (plus R & D) shows a clear downward trend, with a continuous increase in costs for 2016-2018, and the substantive optimization of the administrative cost area should be better achieved. In addition, the sales cost rate has also fallen by 3.5 percentage points over the last three years, with companies taking the initiative to reduce some of the promotional costs, given the firmness of the city.
And given the increase in sales rates from the 2014 Māori caliber adjustment, the company ' s effectiveness in controlling fees in this area is also expected to be a significant factor in the company ' s performance.
As the size of the company expands and the market rises, the collection pattern gradually shifts from “receivables” to “receivables in advance”, i.e., the size of the pre-receivables continues to expand, and the size of the accounts receivable starts to shrink. The balance of the company’s pre-receivables rose to $1.29 billion in 2018, and the balance of accounts receivable increased to $1.29 billion.
Traditional software companies are prone to default from their clients, and financial constraints will impede development, but the Department’s pre-receipt model has created a dynamic cash flow that can better respond to old product rotations and develop new ones. The shift to the pre-receipt model is based mainly on the growing dependence of financial institutions on a consistent series of products.
The increasing bargaining power of households has led companies to acquire the voice and choice of the fee-paying model, which has led to ample cash that is important for overall operations. 2.2 Double-wire power, traditional business strength and innovation are good.
In terms of the structure of operations, in 2018 companies achieved 26.8 million yuan and 470 million yuan, or 82.3 per cent and 14.4 per cent, respectively, in the traditional and innovative fields of business (which is dominated by the Internet), it is not difficult to see that the traditional business remains the business, which is also at the forefront of the growth of all lines of business, as well as wealth, management and brokering, which is the main engine of growth.
The growth is mainly due to product rotations, which have begun with the new generation of uf3.0 core business platform products, uf2.0; the expansion and growth of portfolio management operations on behalf of voucher customers; and the faster growth of wealth operations, which benefit from the demands of new industry regulation and change. In addition, the Internet industry
Revenues dropped to a low point in 2016 as part of the operation was dissipated, but with the capital market of part of the public ' s traditional business of 2.2.1: beneficial policy dividends, continuity of strength. In the traditional business, brokerage, financial management, wealth and exchange operations are referred to jointly as capital market operations, mainly involving vouchers.
Capital market players such as businesses, foundations, exchanges, and related boxing products such as uf 2.0/3.0, 04 and ta4.0 have contributed significantly to the company’s overall collection and performance.
There was a degree of slippage, judged to be due to the fact that uf3.0 raised business costs at the beginning of the push, but its effects were difficult to achieve over the long term. In terms of the pattern of competition, the main rivals included gold medals, top-point software and win-wins, and companies were still in a position of absolute dominance in the market share of core products. For example, companies were in the securities core trading system and the fund investment trading system.
Together, two factors underpin companies’ high market share in capital market operations: strong technological advantages and natural product penetration. Securities trading systems are the starting point for companies’ business, from the earliest.
uf2.0 is now a typical boxing product, and its promotion and replication are important for companies to take over the brokering market and are key to securing the level of market penetration. The more distributed uf3.0 was already online, thus opening the uf2.0 cycle.
In the current company disclosure, the uf3.0 system is likely to have a maximum of billions of dollars in size, which is significantly higher than in the old version. Although the demand for the current thin-trading coupon upgrade system is not high, considering that a share has grown significantly, the demand for the uf3.0 upgrade will be greatly stimulated once the market warms back.
Moreover, the iterative nature of trading systems is expected to lead to simultaneous demand for other systems, such as finance, wealth, valuation, liquidation, and hosting. As financial institution systems become more complex and one-size-fits-all trends develop, the company’s high-market presence in the core trading system will gradually radiate to other systems.
Overall depression, according to ISA data, the total income of one of the capital market players was only -22.6%. Thus, the expansion of the company’s business did not result from a natural expansion of upstream procurement demand, but rather from policy changes in the marginal environment, which led to a surge of business. In 2016, the financial sector resumed a rigorous regulatory cycle, with the SEC issuing of certificates.
Policies such as the management of risk control indicators for bond companies, investor adequacy management, and the use of the securities firm clearing model by public funds have led to significant changes in the brokerage business model of securities dealers and negative developments in corporate brokerage.
Clear risk control and product valuation requirements have been put in place, thus allowing companies to manage their IT and wealthit operations in line with the broad trends of the past three years, the scope of regulation and functional extension have increased the demand for compliance by financial institutions, and financialit enterprises have been called upon to adapt and upgrade their business systems in a more timely manner.
The response has always been at the forefront of the industry, enabling the rapid roll-out of relevant products to meet customer needs in response to regulatory requirements. For example, in 2018, the company launched the corporate counter system as the first company in the industry, providing a one-stop solution for clients, meeting the Public Fund Implementation Pilot General Programme for Securities Companies Settlement, published by regulators in 2017, and
Based on strong technological strength and high policy sensitivity, we believe that companies will benefit greatly in a dynamic regulatory environment, and will continue to strengthen their competitive advantages.
2.2.2 Banks with traditional businesses: gradually complete, with greater scope for development. In traditional business, banking is a separate branch from capital market operations. Between 2016 and 2018, the company’s bank and bank operations collected 14.9 per cent of the cash, mainly due to the fact that some of the businesses were stripped and redistributed to wealth.
Businesses. After a caliber adjustment, banking receipts have declined, but the Māori rate is already stable, set at 98.9% in 2018, with no impact on overall operations. Compared to capital markets, the bankit market is more fragmented, and the company now has a breakdown of technology, lube, and software.
While companies now account for as much as 73% of banks’ integrated finance platforms, there is still a relatively limited market share for subsidiaries, and there is room for further improvement. Taken together, the market for the financial management system is expanding further with the establishment of banking regulators.
At the same time, traditional bankit manufacturers have been given the opportunity to enter the capital market, where traditional bankit and management it have been able to penetrate each other, creating a more complex market competitive environment. Moreover, as a result of both business development and technological advances, the reliance on it for the operation of the agency is rapidly increasing, and it is in the system that it is able to perform and demand.
There are higher demands for speed of response. With the influence of a variety of factors, it has entered a critical period of technological upgrading, and the company, with its R & D advantages in the area of management, is expected to further expand its banking sector by 2.2.3 innovative operations: the online strategy is driven and the whole is still at the stage of investment.
After 2015, cutting-edge technologies such as cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, block chains, etc. have developed rapidly, and applications in the financial field have spread, thus opening the scene of the 3.0-year era of financial technology. In this context, companies continue to build subsidiaries to promote innovation.
A series of subsidiaries are direct software and solution providers, with different autonomous businesses and some degree of overlap between them.
In three points: 1) cloud distribution service, which provides customers with cloud-up versions of business line products such as Yunyong, Yun-yung, Yun Ying, Yun-yung, Yun-yung, etc. 2) smart information platform 2b/2c for clients, such as constant massing, cloud win, intelligence, whale totem; 3) focus platform operations such as whale totem.
Income growth is rapid, but the whole is still at the input stage. The number of innovative business subsidiaries is small, but most of them have become business, realized income, and the trend towards growth in business size is clear. In 2018, the corporate innovation business subsidiaries together achieved $470 million, an increase of 69.0 per cent, of which constant aggregates have achieved bright performance with information terminals (increase).
With 33.5% to 160 million yuan, the newly established whale totem network has also performed well (50 million yuan). On the profit side, the cloud network (200 million yuan) and the cloud network (3.965 million yuan) have taken the lead in making profits, while other subsidiaries have not made profits at many stages of input, but the losses have been significantly reduced.
Innovation is expected to gradually become a new growth point for companies.3 Competitiveness: high R & D + high-market + high-pricing three-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-tech R & D investment by companies and the remuneration of R & D staff leads to excellent technological capabilities and product sets
Yeah. And the reason why companies can afford such high R & D investment is because they have a very high market rate and, in combination with industry high exchange costs, high access thresholds, take full advantage of pricing rights, and shift high costs to downstream customers. So that companies get a steady, high-quality and dynamic cash flow, thereby further maintaining high levels of firmness.
The firm’s current excellent business and performance are based on the “high R & D + high market share + high pricing” model, and the positive feedback cycle built by the three is increasing to form the firm’s core competitiveness. Competeers are constrained by R & D strength and product quality, and are difficult to dominate the competition.
3.1 Technology development leads to high R & D inputs in the leading industry 3.1.1 High R & D costs to strengthen the foundations of technological innovation in terms of the fundamental characteristics of the financial 17 industry, whether it takes advantage of products to obtain customers or for stock customers
The demand for differentiated customization, or an iterative upgrading of existing product lines, is far from investing heavily in core technology, and companies are not shy about investing in R & D. From the cumulative data for the last five years, the company’s R & D investment is far ahead of the entire computer industry, near or near.
Moreover, the level of corporate R & D investment is particularly significant when compared to competitors in the same industry. Between 2014 and 2018, corporate R & D investment rose significantly from $590 million to $1.4 billion, mainly due to a significant increase in the revenue base, while R & D investment remained at 40% of water.
3.1.2 High per capita remuneration supports the retention of the technological backbone, with rapid growth in the number of personnel and per capita remuneration as the company continues to expand. The ratio of R & D staff has increased steadily. By the end of 2018, the number of employees in the company had reached 7122, of which R & D staff stood at 4590.
3.1.3 Under the tertiary R & D system, inputs, talent formation and synergies are needed to better integrate R & D inputs and skilled personnel into the three-tier R & D architecture:
Under the umbrella of the system, companies not only continue to upgrade their original products, but also efficiently deploy their financial technology front-line technology.
The Institute is currently based on two technical products: the fly quantitative terminal, and the uft 2.0 platform.
Research and development centres: Focusing on technology platforms and bottom platforms, working with ant gold uniforms to launch a new generation of jres 3.0 technology platforms that fully meet the architecture of Internet cloud services, are investing in products adapted to the financial landscape.
Business sector platform: works to create a large medium-sized financial sector to meet customer demand and provide a holistic solution.
It is noteworthy that the Jres technology platform project led by the R & D Centre has been the key to the outbreak of corporate technological power in recent years. The core logic of the jres technology platform is to accelerate the process of productization.
In particular, jres requires that open, generic and redundant designs be considered from the initial design of the modules, requiring additional standards and norms to enhance the efficiency of future R & D and productization.
In recent years, companies and collaboration with ants in the launch of jres 3.0 technology platforms have increased their production momentum Figure 31: jres 3.0 platform architecture 3.2 High-market ownership, high-level bargaining power transferred to R & D inputs, generating positive feedback
The company has achieved broad coverage of financial institutions through its multi-year expansion and accumulation, with a market share of the main products, while the company’s main competitor’s gold medals, top-point software, winnings, etc. have only a significant share of individual fists. On the other hand, considering the financial industry,
In other words, companies benefit from high replacement cost characteristics of their customers, so that they have a strong market share.
2) Increased bargaining power/strength pricing leads to high revenue and active cash flows. Given the high market share + high replacement costs, financial institutions are increasingly dependent on corporate products, resulting in rising bargaining power and both advantages.
High-end product strategy, transferring high R & D to downstream clients. Chart 32: High-pricing cash flows of good quality, we believe that the financial sector is a technology of high R & D input as a more inclusive industry for emerging technologies.
By taking advantage of strong sellership, companies can not only obtain excellent cash flows in the form of advance payments, but also transfer costs through high pricing, thus continuing to invest in sufficient profits.
In the light of this logic of the current cycle, we believe that growth within companies is expected to continue, with strong players in the medium and long term.
Under the guidance of the 4.1 policy, financial institutions are now in the right place when our capital markets are still growing, with a larger gap than the mature markets in Europe and the United States. According to the social finance structure of 2018, our shareholding ratio is only 3.5%, and a significant difference is made between 50% of United States equity financing.
Given the trend in financial transactions around the world, financialization is a necessary route to capital market development, and both “strict regulation” and “promoting innovation” will offer great development opportunities to upstream suppliers of it, and companies will act as firms.
The industry’s leader will also benefit. “Systems are starting to add, but there is still much room for improvement. Starting in 2015, portfolio inputs are starting to grow rapidly. On the one hand, the backlog of demand has been gradually released, and on the other hand, traditional bond dealers have started to take the initiative.
On the basis of this, we believe that there is still more room for bond dealers to invest. In the Guide to Information Technology Governance of the Securities Futures Agency, published in 2008, it is stated that “the company is the best” in the company.
The average amount invested in it in the last three fiscal years should, in principle, be not less than 6 per cent of the average net profit in the last three fiscal years, or not less than 3 per cent of the average operating income in the last three fiscal years.” According to current data, with the exception of the Yangtze securities, which invested heavily in the construction of it in 2018 (13.7 per cent), the remaining head fare accounts for less than 4 per cent of the revenue received.
On the other hand, the head voucher company’s IT team accounts for only about 6% of the workforce, while a large number of small and medium-sized coupons are outsourced and their own teams are immature. Indeed, there is still a large gap between the IT team of nearly 10,000 people in Goldman Sachs (about 36,000 employees in 2018) and the development of the domestic voucher company’s IT team.
4.2 The deepening of capital market reforms, and the surge in demand for systems adaptation, the new regulation of financial regulation 4.2.1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The guidelines for asset management operations are officially in place, and the core elements of the new regulations are, inter alia: clear breaking of rigidity, emphasis on net worth management, elimination of multi-layered mosaics, regulation of the pool model, harmonization of leverage requirements, establishment of subsidiaries, etc.
In view of the extension of the transition period until the end of 2020, we believe that this need will be released gradually during the two years. 1) The bank finance subsidiary becomes a heavy-pound financial-it-replenishment market.
According to China’s funds, 31 banks have announced plans for the establishment of subsidiaries, including six state-owned banks, nine equity companies, 14 municipal comptoirs, and two agricultural comptoirs. In addition, 21 banks have announced plans for the establishment of subsidiaries, but have not yet received regulatory approval.
2) The new regulations will result in a market increase of over 2 billion dollars. The establishment of a banking subsidiary will generate an incremental demand for it. For example, 31 banks have announced or disclosed plans to set up a financial subsidiary, assuming that 50 banks will set up a financial subsidiary in the future, and that a bank finance subsidiary will purchase an IT system at a unit price of about $10 million, which will generate an increase of $500 million.
In addition to the incremental needs of banks’ financial subsidiaries, the new regulations will also bring about the need for financial institutions to adapt their systems, including bond dealers, public funds, futures companies, banks, insurance, trusts, etc. Under the following assumptions, the new regulations will provide the financial interests with about $2 billion in market space.
1) 131 securities companies have been overhauled, and we expect about 2 million unit prices (there are more retrofitting blocks needed by coupons), resulting in a market space of 260 million yuan. 2) 142 public funds, 235 insurance companies, 149 futures companies, 68 trust companies, we expect.
The unit price for system adaptation is about 600,000, resulting in market space of about 360 million yuan.) Eighteen State-owned and share-owned commercial banking systems are being upgraded at about 1.5 million unit prices, and about 1,600 small banks (city and agricultural) are expected to be upgraded at about 600,000 unit prices, resulting in market space of about 990 million yuan.
4) 50 banks (6 state-owned commercial banks, 12 stock-based commercial banks, more than 30 other municipal comptoirs, and 10,000 yuan, which will generate an incremental market space of about 500 million yuan. The pace of progress is exceeding expectations, and the construction of coupons will accelerate. Xi Jinping General Secretary will be in China for the first time in November 2018.
At the opening of the international import fair, it was stated that the roll-out had led to the creation of a panel and a pilot registration system. Since then, the board has been moving fast, with the first companies officially listed in November 2019.
To varying degrees, there is a corresponding demand, with preliminary estimates totalling about $330 million in additional market space. In the current context of the big players’ game, the Science and Technology Board shows, on the one hand, that the country encourages STI and pursues a self-controlist attitude, and, on the other hand, that the trend towards accelerated financial reform and continued financial openness to the outside world is again evident.
Other series of reforms, represented by the initial estimate of the new market space of about $480 million, are under way. More reforms are expected in the future, and financial reforms will continue to drive demand. 4.3 front-line layout, artificial intelligence will continue to be added to the code.
In the three-tier R & D system, the Institute focuses on research on cutting-edge technologies in financial science and technology, and artificial intelligence is one of its main directions. Moreover, the company has set up a “structured group of artificial intelligence platforms” to facilitate artificial intelligence research and development.
In the last two years, companies have published 16 artificial intelligence products, amounting to 117 landings. In the area of smart regulation, for example, smart gold shields have been used in the risk management of local financial platforms such as Fujian and Shanxi. In the area of smart decision-making, smart decision boxes have been used more frequently by stockbrokers; smart investment.
In the field of intelligence, the banking investment system has been integrated with the Open-Swiss Bank, Jiangsu Bank, etc., while in the future the company will continue to produce. The company will also continue to produce.
It is worth noting that a significant proportion of the company’s products are brought together on the Hening gtn platform, further highlighting the convergence effect. By splitting the company’s lines of business, we make the following key assumptions:
Capital market operations: Capital market operations remain a central pillar of corporate performance, including brokering, \triangleright, wealth and exchange operations.
Demand, as well as financial innovation, as represented by the Science and Technology Branch, Lorraine, will be the main growth in performance. It is expected to be $148.8 billion. Assuming that our share of software and services will rise to 50 per cent over the next three years, and that it will be addressed through channels.
Non-financial operations: non-financial operations remain largely stable, with revenue levels of 120 million yuan in the next three years, with inter-cagr being about 3.3 per cent, other operations: as companies further optimize their internal management, the cost rates for sales, administration, etc. are expected to vary.
The company is now firmly at the forefront of the domestic financial system, with full product lines and collars covering large financial institutions.
In the broader context of capital-market deepening reforms, companies benefit fully from the policy dividend, with both high growth and high elasticity of performance. Based on four logics: 1) high R & D inputs and excellent output capacity are growth-oriented.
Regulation of marginal changes and financial innovation provide incremental space, and new policies stimulate the transformation of financial institutions and the creation of new demand, and the public sector will clearly benefit from being the leader; (c) there is a clear trend towards faster revenue generation for innovative business, a transformation of corporate-online strategies to facilitate platforms, an acceleration of cloud-related and ai-related landings, and a forward-looking layout will reinforce corporate competitive advantages and barriers. (d) Horizontal comparisons.
In our view, corporate revenue will grow steadily, with a high Māori rate sustainable, a sound R&D system and a good management structure, corporate performance below expectations, financial innovation policy advancing below expectations, and innovation business progress below expectations.
Period risk, market system risk