q1 Performance Guides Big Over Expectations, Radio Frequency Chip Country Substitutes Accelerating - The Quarterly Performance Forecasts issued by the Quality Q1 Performance Appraisal Company, once again Big Over Expectations, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating
Corporate performance forecast for the first quarter of 2020: q1 is expected to achieve a net profit range in 2020 as a leading domestic radio-frequency front-end chip manufacturer, with excellent product strength and R & D levels, with the accelerated replacement of semiconductor national production, which is expected to be the highest in industry development and national production.
Based on this, we raise profit forecasts, pre-empting a “strongly recommended” rating. 2020q1 is a perfect response, but we still need to be vigilant about the impact of the escalation on the industrial chain.
The company ' s performance in 2020 was again over-expected, largely because of two factors: first, the acceleration of beneficiary production replacement, the firm ' s high-level approval of its front-end layout, and second, the company ' s continued recommendation for deep collaboration with its clients. Since the outbreak of the new coronary pneumonia, the company has ensured a high-quality and efficient flow of products based on good disease prevention and control.
Pay, give the perfect response. The current spread of the overseas epidemic, which continued to decline in 2020, has become a definite event and, according to the latest projections from ccsinsight, only 1.26 billion smartphones are projected to arrive globally in 2020, down from 1.41 billion in 2019.
In terms of income, the company currently earns the bulk of its income from mobile phones, and Samsung is the top customer of the department. The company has now grown at a high rate for five consecutive quarters, considering that the spread of the epidemic abroad will have a greater impact on mobile phone manufacturers who are more dependent on overseas markets in the short term.
So there is still a need to be vigilant about the negative impact of the continued spread of the epidemic on companies. The epidemic does not change the long-term logic, and the firm’s long-term growth, driven by 5g and national production substitution, is certain that the epidemic is only a short-term impact and does not change the larger trend in the development of the 5g radio frequency sector.
5g will drive a significant increase in the number and value of radio front-end chips, and a significant increase in the market space for radio-frequency devices. According to oytreatysresearchcenter, the global radio front-end model will reach $31.310 billion in 2023, with a wide market outlook.
The depth of recognition of customers from such countries as Mi and Opo, which are now fully imported in China, is expected to continue to increase market shares in the future and to benefit fully from the larger context of national substitution; new products, active company filters and pa, are expected to enhance the company ' s market competitiveness in the front end of radio frequency.
The filter has now been recognized by its clients, has begun to contribute to income and can grow further in the future.
2019 Performance Directions meet expectations, fast 2020 O3 Performances Beyond Expectations, Accelerating the Rise of National Radio Frequency Chips 2019-10-28
q3 Performance Directions Beyond Expectation, Domestic Radio Frequency Chips Accelerating Growth of Dragons 2019-10-13