The main reasons for the significant growth in the first quarter and the more substantial growth of the company ' s 20q1 revenues, which we believe has been, on the one hand, the acceleration of the replacement process benefiting from national production and, on the other hand, the high level of client recognition of the company ' s pre-positioned and resource-intensive products;
On the one hand, companies continue to promote deep cooperation with their clients, with national production leading to increased research and development.
In China, it is expected to become the first-line supplier of the latest flag ship. In terms of research and development, the company has completed the development of a new technology that compares the depth of 300 with a generation of silicone-based high-performance lna and the introduction of a large number of high-performance low-performance lna based on silicone.
Products; at the same time, the company continues to upgrade the design of the old lina to achieve further optimization of product performance and cost.The 5g era is officially beginning, with a new round of radio frequency devices growing in \triangleright.
5g leads to an increase in cellular frequency, while high-end applications will grow as the smartphone market matures, and demand for cellular radio front end chips will increase. With 5g pull, the global radio front end market will grow rapidly from 2020. The global radio front end market is projected to be 16% capr in 18-23 and total 2023.
Nearly US$ 31.3 billion. While improving existing product processes, companies expand the layout filters, pa, etc. front-end products. The filter customers are well imported, they are now beginning to contribute revenue, and companies are accelerating the layout modelling of products, opening up growth space one step at a time.
We “recommend” the company’s rating, taking into account the company’s scarcity.
Prospective evaluation: year-round performance meets expectations, 5g comes in, 2. 3-quarter review: 3-quarter high growth, year-round growth
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.