The event at the Centre for the Study and Development of Securities in South-West China: A performance forecast by the company is expected to realize a net return profit of 149 - 153 million in the first quarter of 2020
The dollar, which grew by 256.5 per cent ~ 266.5 per cent in the same year, the ring grew by 15.6 per cent ~-13.2 per cent, taking into account the epidemic and the seasonal effects of the market, the company ' s faster performance in the first quarter largely benefited from a process of national production substitution and the high level of acceptance of its products by its clients, further deepening its penetration of downstream customers and continuing its intensive cooperation with its clients.
• During the epidemic, companies are fully committed to ensuring that productive activities are carried out properly to mitigate the impact on performance. Downstream demand will continue to be affected by the epidemic, with three major downstream clients facing different challenges: one, China’s high stock situation will affect supply and demand in the mobile phone industry chain.
In 20 million cases, it is much higher than the stock level of about 10 million of the same kind of manufacturer. During the epidemic, high stocks will be more difficult to handle, and will inevitably affect corporate orders. 2, the Indian epidemic does not see the point, and Samsung and Mi will be affected in their production and marketing performance in India. India will only be able to do so during the period of 3.25-4.14 cities.
Maintaining basic urban operations, while India’s 19-year smartphone output of 150 million, representing 11.1% of the global market, is the second largest smartphone market in the world, will lead to a contraction in direct corporate orders. If the future epidemic remains beyond effective control, further reducing downstream demand, there is greater uncertainty about 2020’s performance.
The company’s share of current products is steadily increasing, and it insists on self-researching, and successful roll-out of new and diversified products to meet client needs, including sub-6ghz band products that apply to 5g communications standards, and has already produced a volume of goods. The company has continued to invest in key technologies and resources, with the exception of the project for fund-raising.
In addition to technical upgrades to the old radio frequency switches and lna, the distribution of products such as pa, saw and iot has accelerated the wififem study, pre-occupying the 5g radio frequency front end quality track.
Profit predictions and investment proposals. Given the combination of higher shares of national production replacements, higher penetration of 5g mobile phones, the upswing of the radio-frequency chip industry, and the epidemic, we keep the projections unchanged, and we're still on track. (300,782): Sustained hypervelocity growth in performance.
Project construction and delivery are not as fast as expected; higher client dependency affects the stability of the harvest. 4. Victory (300782): for rare radio frequency targets, 5g boosts (2019-07-03)
Assumption 1: Given the acceleration of the process of substitution for national production of radio frequencies by mainstream domestic customers, such as China, and the fact that 5g mobile phone penetration will increase significantly between 2019 and 2021, the company's switch will be on the verge of an outbreak. And, in 2020, it will be affected by the epidemic, because the turner's unit price is far higher than the average circuit switch, because we expect a small increase in the Māori ratio of the company's switch product.
Assumption 2: Considering that major domestic customers, such as China, are accelerating the process of nationalization of radio frequency, and that the 5g mobile phone penetration will also increase significantly between 2019 and 2021, the company's Inna will be facing an outbreak growth that will take into account the impact of the epidemic.
Assumption 3: Given that the development and industrialization of saw filters, power amplifiers, etc. in corporate fund-raising projects will result in an increase in patent-authorized revenues and other types of business, it is expected that future company ip authorizations and other operations will remain stable, have no cause and will not receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.