Industrial Automation & New Energy Motors double-wheel drive, with a robust business growth rate of 17.940 billion yuan a year-on-year increase of 55.9 per cent to the mother ' s net gain of 3.57 billion yuan a year-on-year increase of 70.2 per cent;
It is clear that the future of profitability is expected to increase steadily. 1) Companies insist on a supply strategy, and the city’s share of \triangleright is rising.
Based on a supply-insurance strategy, which actively seizes the opportunities offered by the global shortage of industrial chains under the core, the collection and repatriation rates have increased significantly, far above the average industry (17 per cent in 21 years in the Chinese industrial and regulatory sector), and the share of the market in products such as universal server systems, low-voltage transformers, small-scale plc, etc. is among the top in the industry.)
Due to higher cost-side pressures, the company’s moderate price increases to downstream customers have been passed on to Dun Yongkang, and the 22q1 Māori Ring has been raised by 3.6 pcts to 34.57%, and the profitability has been restored.
In the future, corporate profitability is expected to increase steadily as corporate productasp upgrades and management changes continue to advance. The universal automated whole-product platform connects and has wide scope for growth.
Products and solutions, such as performance motors, have been refined at all levels of control, drive and execution. 1. Harakawa technology (300124) is reported in the semi-annual review of 2021: 3145 million yuan in sales revenue for 21 years for the company ' s universal server system, a 100 per cent increase over the same period.
Industrial control, new energy vehicle operations continue to consolidate the dual leader status of the apparel system with sales revenues of 3,769 million yuan, plc&hmi with sales revenues of 703 million yuan, and the electrolytic system with sales revenues of 765 million yuan (including Eaststone).
In this context, there is still much room for growth in products such as company adaptors, server systems, and plc. In addition, following company mergers, customer resources have expanded further, the supply capacity of the integrated elevator solution has been enhanced, the demand for elevators and other additions to the industry has increased, and company elevator operations are expected to continue to grow steadily.
The new energy automobile business is growing rapidly and is expected to grow a new performance growth point. The company’s new energy automobile business \triangleright has maintained high input, has built well-developed technology and product platforms, and is now able to absorb new energy sources.
Cars, new energy commercial car-driven systems (electrics, power controllers, power-driven totals) and power-driven systems (dc/dc, obc, power-based totals) have broken through a number of high-quality domestic and international customers, and over 21 years the company ' s new energy vehicle business has generated revenues of $3 billion, a 171 per cent increase, and continued to increase with the global sale of new energy vehicles, as well as public revenues.
The Department’s strategic clients’ targeting and sop-fibres, and the company’s new energy automobile business, are expected to grow at a fast pace. Investment proposal: the company’s net profit from its revenues in 2021 is growing faster, and we expect the company to \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.