Sinkkawa technology (300124.sz) Inter-district operation (tradingbuy) Industry and control lead industry, with a high level of new-energy automobile operations
Events: The company published its annual 2021 report, which generated 17,943 million yuan in 2021, an increase of 52.55 per cent over the same year. q4 achieved $4,595 million in quarterly reports, an increase of 3.1 per cent over the same year, mainly in non-recurrent gains and losses of approximately 580 million, which are overseas funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, funds, etc.
At the same time, companies announced their first quarter performance in 2022, with 22q1 earning $4,778 million, a year-on-year increase in business portfolios: half a year of high downstream demand in the overall market for industrial automation in 2021.
Industry grew by up to 26 per cent, with macroeconomic effects in the second half of the year, and industry slowed down, but industry grew by 17 per cent throughout the year.
65.16 per cent of this amount, which is 3,145 million yuan in sales revenue for the transformer, 3,769 million yuan for the server system, 703 million yuan for the plc&hmi system, 765 million yuan for the electrical system and 4,967 million yuan for the electrical operation of the elevator.
This represents an increase of approximately 14.35 per cent; 3) due to the release of new power in car construction, company power-driven, power-controlled, power-based, etc., product orders have increased in an explosive manner, with new energy automobiles generating revenues of 2,992 million yuan, an increase of 171 per cent over the same period, of which new sources of energy have generated sales revenues of 2.3 billion yuan, an increase of 250 per cent over the same period;
4) Companies focus on the 3c manufacturing and new energy markets, focusing on the 3c, lithium, silicone crystals and so on, orders are growing rapidly, industrial robotics are generating 362 million yuan in sales revenue, compared to the increase The prices of raw materials affect the Māori rate and costs are well regulated: the company ' s combined Māori rate is down by the same ratio
3.14 pct to 35.82 per cent, mainly due to the increase in the cost of materials, purchases, etc. due to chip shortages and higher commodity prices, as well as changes in the structure of the company ' s products (the increase in the share of new energy vehicles).
The rate is 1.72 pct and 0.21 pct. To enhance the company’s core competitiveness, the company’s R & D costs are 11% higher than the same rate, the net profit increases are less than the revenue-end increases, mainly in raw materials such as bulk commodities, chips, etc.
On 3 April, the company network issued a price increase notice to invest in the construction of a core component of a new energy vehicle project to enhance company competitiveness: the new energy engine in Changzhou.
The vehicle project (phase I), which will be operational in May 2022, will achieve full capacity in 2022, improve the integrated competitiveness of new-energy vehicle-related products in the face of the rapidly growing demand for new-energy vehicle-related product orders, and the company intends to build a new-energy vehicle core spare parts project
Production workshops and support facilities involving new energy motor power systems, electric power generators, electrical controllers, power supply systems, etc., with a total planned investment of no more than 3 billion yuan.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. This report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.