In the 21-year period, the company's smart manufacturing sales increased by 1.57 million.
Last year's growth rate was maintained at 56%. In the first quarter of 22 years, corporate orders remained strong, and automated/industrial robotics/new energy vehicle power drive & power system orders grew faster than in the second quarter of the year, bringing the same rate of growth to 40% in the first quarter of the 22 years.
Revenues in the first quarter of the year amounted to $996 million, of which $925 million for new energy vehicles and $71 million for the orbital transport industry; and 362 million for industrial robotics in 21 years, corresponding to growth.
The decline (except for industrial robots) is due mainly to the continued rise in the prices of upstream raw materials, the holding of the dividends of the national production replacement era, and the emergence of multi-product portfolio solutions. In intelligent manufacturing, there is a trend towards multi-product solutions, customization/personalization, and nationalization, with companies acting as companies.
In automation, companies are highly competitive in various fields, and for 21 years they have been able to rely on corporate brands and brands through technology marketing and industry marketing strategies.
The quality of the product increased the company ' s market share in the area of universal servo systems to 16.3 per cent, surpassing foreign brands such as Ancheon and Matsumoto and becoming industry leaders; the company ' s market share of low-pressure transformers is in the third place, leading by internal brands, reaching 12.9 per cent; and the small plc is in the fifth category, internal capital.
Card number one, 6.89%. With the impact of the epidemic, the process of national production substitution has accelerated, and Sinkkawa, as an absolute leader in the domestic automated sector, has been able to enjoy the dividends of the time.
Technology capabilities are recognized in the market, and the new power-driven power supply system will be available in the future. \triangleright cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
In six years of strategic investment in new energy vehicle operations, well-established technological platforms and products have been built.
The company’s competitors in the power-driven system are mainly foreign firms, third in the country (less than Biadi and Tesla), fifth in the total market share, and the company has a certain influence in the industry. As the penetration rate of new energy vehicles increases, the industry continues to be high, and the company continues to have a high profile.
Digitalization + strategic investment in energy management has accelerated, bringing new performance growth points for companies in the future. 2021 \triangleright
The year is the year of strategic investment in company digitized business, with the development of a new generation of industrial Internet platforms, and the creation of templates such as textiles, elevators, air pressure machines, and the formation of the Digital Enterprise Department, which will fully build the company’s digital architecture. In energy management, companies upgrade energy management operations.
In 21 years, companies have been active in promoting large-scale storage, pcs, ips integrated storage, packaging, etc., and continuously improving the competitiveness of storage platform and power products. Performance targets for 2022 have shown confidence, and international support companies have entered the long-term growth path.
The digitalization of 22 years of \triangleright, the landing of energy management operations, shows the firm's greater ability to implement strategic development, and we believe that as the company's internationalization strategy moves to the ground, the company will fight.
\triangleright Risk factors: output expansion below expectations, demand for industrial controls below expectations, increased competition in markets
\triangleright joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in the year of research on the new energy sector for electrical equipment, the components of which have not been, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.