The company's business is growing rapidly, and it's taking on a leading role in the industry.
Incidents: The company achieved operating income in 2021 by issuing the 2021 report and the 2022 quarterly report, deducting the net profit from the return to the mother of $2.918 billion, an increase of 52.55 per cent over the same period.
In 2021, the company achieved 17,943 million yuan. In 2021, the company actively adjusted its business strategy, with 2022q1 operations growing rapidly. The company achieved 2022q1 receipts, with orders for operations growing rapidly. The return to the mother was $717 million, an increase of 11.00 per cent.
Roe(ttm) 3.6 pct, mainly for new-energy automobiles, has more room for automatic product growth than for raw materials such as upgrades, bulk commodities and chips, with universal server systems moving beyond foreign brands.
In the context of motivational replacements, automation of manufacturing production, and intellectualization, there is much room for growth in products such as corporate frequency changers, server systems, and plc. The company’s share in downstream industries is expected to continue to rise, based on the accumulation of product platforms and the advantages of customized solutions.
Introduction of technology marketing and industry marketing strategies to provide industry clients with integrated solutions for “industrial controls and processes” to gradually increase market ownership. General Automated Companies collected $8,992 million in 2021, an increase of about 65% from the same year, with the share of the domestic market ranking first at 16.30%, going beyond Andchon Power.
A deep understanding of the industrial process downstream and the competitive advantage of the “core parts + machine + process” solution, the company's industrial robotics business collected $362 million in 2021, an increase of about 111% from the same year. As one of the company's strategic operations, robotics was profitable for the first time.
In 2021, the company scara was ranked third in the city with 14%. As the population grew older, labour costs increased, and the machine replacement process accelerated, the company industrial robot industry accelerated.
In 2022q1, the industrial robotics business collected $105 million, compared to a steady increase in elevator operations and a rapid expansion of new energy operations. In 2021, the company sold more than 500,000 integrated controllers and transformers in the elevator industry.
The company’s large elevator and electrical appliance business received $4,967 million, or about 14 per cent more than the previous year, and will pursue robust growth in the future and continue to generate good cash flows for the company.
The Department's new energy operations received 2.992 billion yuan, an increase of about 171 per cent over the same period; new sources of energy used motor controls, power-drilling aggregates and electrical products accounted for 9.5 per cent, 5 per cent, 4 per cent, respectively, and ranked third, fifth, and tenth respectively. As the global penetration rate of new energy sources increased, the company was new.
The energy-car business is about to grow fast. The new energy-car business is expected to be an important support for corporate growth in the future. The new energy business of 2022q1 generated $925 million, an increase of about 167 per cent over the same period. The billions, an increase of about 44 per cent over the same period.
Technology plays a major role in increasing the national production of high-end smart equipment and promoting the rapid development of industry health. In addition, companies have national production policy support, high value for money, customer demand response, and a global shortage of cores and rising prices of bulk materials.
Business strategy, "Safe delivery." By collaborating on the front- and back-office division of labour, responding quickly to clients, companies are better able to deliver, actively seizing market opportunities from the global missing industry chain missing belts to boost corporate growth.
Investment proposals: maintain a “recommended” rating. The company is the leading automated equipment company in the country, actively pursuing a guaranteed delivery strategy, responding to clients, and helping the firm to grow rapidly.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been able to do so independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.