The global layout continues to deepen, with the rise of the nation's giants accelerating, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Recommended logic: 1) For the long term, the tyre industry has a $190 billion space, with recent improvements in demand, both at home and abroad, and a huge increase in the market share of branded tyres with a competitive value for sex, with companies spending their first year as home-grown homesteads, producing about 77,000 tons of upstream raw materials. The high Maori barriers to non-road products have expanded rapidly.
In 2023, the world market for tires was about $190 billion, with China accounting for more than 20% of the market. The total share of the world ' s leading foreign markets declined.
In 2022, China (including Taiwan Province) had 35 of the world’s top 75 tyres, one more than in the previous year. On marginal changes: domestic economic activity resumed and demand for steel and steel continued to improve.
Tens of thousands of vehicles, with an increase of 11.1% in the same year; of these, 8,151 million new energy vehicles produced, with an increase of 28.1% in the same year, the potential for consumption in the car market will be further released as the macroeconomic warmth returns. On the overseas side, demand has improved and tire exports have warmed back.
The number of new inflated rubber tyres overseas is 620 million, an increase of 11.6 per cent, or 13.2 per cent, as compared to the previous year, and with the increase in shipping costs, the completion of stocks by overseas distributors, subsequent exports are expected to continue to be good, “liquid gold” performances are excellent, and non-road tire technical barriers are high and are expected to become a new growth point for companies.
"Little gold" products perform well, breaking the "demon triangle" of tyres. Following the launch of the first series of liquid gold tires in the fourth quarter of 2021, the first liquid gold tyres in the country were transported in June 2022, and the liquid gold was used in the series of electric car tires in November - "erangeev"
Racer tyres (601058): Rapid growth in performance, first worldwide in Las Vegas, United States of America, March 2023, companies further increased the variety of liquid gold products, sustained sea activity (2024-07-11)
2. Race tire tyres (601058): performance continues to grow, with new gold tyres coming out, covering the mainstream high-end vehicle models around the world.
The sea is vast (2024-04-28) with a capacity of 280,000 tonnes/year for the design of verc glue, which is now 108,000 tonnes/year and 2023 years for the production of wheel tyres (601058): a new city in the offshore layout.
About 77,000 tons. With the growing capacity of “liquid gold” raw materials and the growing variety of company products, the new growth poles of non-road tires (2024-03-12) will gradually increase market ownership, leading to higher-end production and opening up profit margins.
4. Racer tyres (601058): Over the years, with more flowers from overseas bases, the world produced the world ' s largest timescale 63-hour giant meridian tyres in 2016, becoming a minority in the country with rapid growth in performance (2024-01-30)
Enterprises with the largest-scale production capacity. The company now has a non-road production base at Qingdao, Qingjiang (601058): three seasons of increased profits, the base at Viet Nam, and 13.29 million tons of productive capacity at the end of the 22nd year.
Qingdao family base, Viet Nam base, Indonesia base. Energetic capacity is expected to be 320,000 by the end of 2024.
Tons. In the coming years, companies plan to continuously expand their non-road capacity, with a total of 447,000 tons planned. With public capacity falling, high-mori and high-tech barriers to non-road tyre products will further boost the company’s competition for more offshore bases, with Mexico, Cambodia, and Indonesia taking steps. December 2023.
The Department has announced that the Mexican base will be equipped with 6 million units per year for semi-steel production, with an expected annual net benefit after delivery. In January of this year, the base will be given an additional investment of 12 million units per year for all post-partum production. The base will be equipped with 21 million semi-steel meridian tyres and 1.65 million all steel meridian tyres per year.
In March 2024, the company proposed to invest in the construction of an annual project to produce 3.6 million meridian tyres and 37 million non-road tyres. As of now, the company is planning to build 26 million full steel meridian tyres and 103 million semi-steel mid-lines per year.
Tyres, 447,000 tons of non-road tyres. As the company continues to expand overseas, the company will be able to better meet the needs of overseas markets and further improve its ability to respond to international trade barriers.
The price combination of historical data and the overall supply and demand of the industry, taking into account the changing share of the company's different products, is expected to be full steel tyres and half of them.
The average price of steel tyre products is 354 yuan/bars, 352 yuan/bars. The average price of tyres products is 21.6%, 21.6%, hypothetically 2 million tonnes, 250,000 tonnes, 300,000 tonnes, respectively, sold on the company ' s tires road series 2024-2026; With the company ' s high-priced Māori giant project being released, the average price of non-roads is expected to be 33,000 yuan in 2024-2026, respectively.
Assumption 3: Corporate tyre trading and other business collections and Māori remain largely stable. Markets believe that tyre enterprises have more recent overseas expansion projects, that overseas demand has not grown significantly in recent years, and that access to the sea may be limited. 10,000. Supply: 80 million (capacity)* 90% (capacity utilization assumptions)* 70% (share supply assumptions for North America)
=50.4 million, or about 13% of the total North American steel demand of 291 million in 2023. Before the two-inverse, the United States imported tyres, which accounted for 42.6% of the Chinese tyres, while the United States imported car tires, which rose to about 64% in 2023, estimated China's demand for half steel in the North American market by multiplying the share of United States car imports and Chinese tyres in United States imports.
The ratio is about 27%, or about 100 million. There is still twice as much room as there is available. 2) The wheel tires are arranged overseas. In December 2023, the Mexican base was set up, with a capacity of 6 million pieces of steel production per year, and a net annual benefit of $40.59 million is expected after delivery. Mexico’s base is close to the North American market and is not vulnerable to tariff barriers. In January 2024, additional investment was made.
Ten thousand and a half steel meridian tyres and 1.65 million all steel meridian tyres, the production increase is expected to yield a net profit of 700 million yuan/year. In March 2024, the company proposed to invest in a project in Indonesia to produce 3.6 million meridian tyres and 37 million non-road tyres per year. To date, the company has planned and completed the construction of 26 million all steel meridian tyres per year and 103 million per year.
The production capacity of semi-steel meridian tyres, 447,000 tons of non-road tyres, the capacity of factories abroad, Mexico, Indonesia, and the release of high-moric products. Downstream demand is not as risky as expected, raw material prices are significantly higher, production capacity is not as risky as expected, and overseas operations are taking place.
1.1 The country’s tires tap and the increasingly global layout of the company, which is the leader of the tyre industry in the country, can be developed in three main stages: the first phase: the initial development of 2002-2011. The company was formerly a demonstration base for the production of meridian tyres in Qingdao.
The company was established in 2002 as the first country to gather new materials, new technologies, new equipment, new processes, and new management models to serve as a demonstration base for information production. The company developed for more than two decades and gradually became the leader in the domestic tyre industry. In 2003, the company ' s first tyre was delineated and domestic production capacity steadily developed and became a leading tyre company in the country.
Figure 1: The company’s journey to impose tariff barriers, with domestic tyres exported to the United States severely damaged, requires an urgent search for a break. In this context, the company has shown a pioneering spirit as the country’s first domestic tyre company to deploy overseas production capacity, and in 2012 it raced across the race.
The completion of the deployment of the South Base and the deployment of the company base in Cambodia in 2021 resulted in high levels of trade tariffs combined with excessive capacity in the domestic tyre industry, greater impact on the profitability of the domestic tyre industry, fluctuations in the company ' s net profits in 2014-2017 and a significant increase in corporate profitability as the company ' s base in Viet Nam became operational.
In 2022, the company launched 9 million steel projects per year in Cambodia, with a sustained increase in overseas revenue. With steady expansion of production capacity, the company’s operating income will continue to grow steadily.
Twenty-five million or 48% of the company ' s semi-stylent capacity per year; four or two million steel (excluding actualr) or 36% of the company ' s total steel capacity; and non-road or 50,000 or 40% of the company ' s non-road capacity per year.
In the last three years, the company’s net profits from overseas bases have been 68% to 81% of its net profits. Domestic base profits have been affected by a number of factors, such as tariff barriers, the impact of the epidemic.
The company, as the first Chinese tyre company to build a factory abroad and first to have two overseas large-scale production bases, actively promotes a globalization development strategy, optimizes resource allocation, ensures high-quality product delivery, and effectively spreads the risks posed by trade barriers. The company has modern tyre production bases in Qingdao, Dongbang, Shenyang, Kanya, Viet Nam, Cambodia, etc.
Planning for the construction of a Qingdao family tyre factory and a new facility for the production of functional materials. At the same time, the company has marketing networks and logistics centres in North America, Germany, Viet Nam, etc., serving local and surrounding regions, selling products to Europe, America, Asia, Africa, etc.
Phase III: “Little gold” will be ready in the future from 2022. The company has focused on scientific innovation, using new materials from the world's first technology of “chemistry and smelting”, has autonomously developed low-carbon green tire products - liquid gold tyres, solving the problems of the “demon triangle” that has plagued the industry for years, which is so difficult to reconcile with wet-slamping and grinding.
As the company's “liquid gold” product variety increases, it is expected to become a new generation of tyre leaders with stable equity structures and real control of innovation. The company actually controls Jin-yue, who was the XII National People's Congress, the 11th Executive Committee Committee of the National Chamber of Commerce and Industry, and the National Rubber and Tyre Engineering Technical Study.
Deputy Director-General of the Centre, Senior Vice-President of the China Rubber Industry Association, current Director of the National Rubber and Tyre Engineering Research Centre, Senior Vice-President of the China Rubber Industry Association, and Executive Chairman of the Bureau of the China Rubber Industry Association. He had proposed that “We are the basis for the development of our business, innovation, and emphasis on a combination of production and research, from scientific innovation to production.
Business chain innovation, institutional innovation, and moving out of the path of new production and innovation in Shandong. 1.3 Companies are well managed, three rates are largely stable. Corporate governance is good, and three rates are largely stable.
Models, using the production model of “market customer orientation, global supply chain layout, agile fast delivery.” Companies break down strategic objectives, tailoring production plans to market trends and customer demand, and combine rolling sales projections.
The system provides real-time digital monitoring of equipment start-up, process execution and production progress in the production process, improves productivity and controls production costs.
On July 18, 2023, a draft Staff Holding Plan 2023 was launched for participation by directors of companies (including branches, fully-owned and holding companies), senior managers, middle-level managers and 2 tyre markets, with an increase in the share of domestically produced tyres in the market.
The difference is that the meridian tires have a line similar to the Earth's midday line; the slashed tires are in a cross-line and unbound layer. The midday tires are divided into half steel midday and full steel midday. Half of the steel meridium is a fibre material, the rest of the skeletal material is steel wire material; the whole steel is steel.
For the purpose of this, the slants are used mainly in agricultural vehicles, forklifts, aviation; part steel middays are used mainly in passenger cars and light cards; the whole steel middays are used mainly in heavy trucks and buses.
According to the data published by Michelin, the global demand for tyres was 1.78 billion in 2023, with market space estimated at $190 billion, and overall demand remained largely stable. From the point of view of overall demand, China’s share of the market is about 20%, one of the world’s leading areas of tyre consumption.
The tyre industry is a capital-intensive industry, with a major advantage. According to China’s latest rubber data, the world’s 75-strong tyre industry achieved sales of $17,782 million in 2022. Two of the top 10 Chinese (including Taiwan Province) enterprises, at the same level as in the previous year; and one of the top 75 companies, China, at the same level.
There are 35 companies in Taiwan Province, an increase from the previous year, with the leading offshore firms taking the market, and our companies taking the market. The world-wide share of the tyre industry, cr3, fell from 37.74% in 2019 to 35.71% in 2021, and the share of cr10 fell from 63.07% in 2019.
60.61% in 2021. In 2022, affected by the epidemic and sea transport, China’s business markets fell slightly, and the world’s leading markets accounted for the country’s business sales and the city’s share of the market. Some of the overseas firms were closed down because of reduced demand.
According to China’s rubber data, China’s share of the world’s 75-percent tyre industry in 2021 was slightly lower, with Chinese firms realizing the impact of trade and maritime transport. Compared to the urban share in 17-22 years, China’s share of businesses has generally increased, and is expected to rise further in the future as capacity expands further.
2.2 The Māori ratio of companies is at the forefront of the industry and the rate of urban ownership is increasing. The effects of corporate globalization strategies, STIs and branding continue to be evident. ... Products are recognized by a growing number of domestic and international customers, and high Māori non-road products account for a rising share of corporate revenue, compared to the country of comparison.
The level of Māori is higher in the domestic and external sectors of the listed tyre industry, with a steady increase in revenue collection and a steady increase in the share of the market. As the production and sale of the company’s products are growing at a time when the collection and the share of the company gradually rises, the Māori rate is at the top of the market and the company is listed among the domestic tyre companies because of the rigid quality of the company’s products.
With the company’s high overseas Māori production capacity leading by far, the company’s share is expected to rise further. Environmental policy has pushed back the production capacity, and the company’s share will rise further.
As a result, some low-end production capacity in the tyre industry was shut down. Starting in 2016, the production capacity of our tyres fell year after year, and the capacity of our backward production was phased out. In September 2020, in accordance with the Paris Agreement, we proposed that the production capacity of the tyre industry would reach the “double carbon” target of carbon peaks by 2030 and carbon neutrals by 2050.
In April 2021, Shandong Province issued a provincial circular on the implementation of the “Three affirmative” action programmes (2021-2022), requiring that in 2022, less than 1.2 million steel mid-treats (engineering tyres, aeronautical tyres, wide faceless interiors) be produced each year, and less than 5 million steel mid-treats are produced each year (absence of gas-protected tyres, high-end products of racing tires, ultra-low surfaces)
In accordance with the document, this round of decomposition will account for 3.96% of the country ' s steel production capacity at the end of 2020 and 3.03% of the total steel production capacity. Shandong Province is responsible for the country ' s tyre production in the province of Sandong, with a share of total steel and semi-steel production capacity, not 52.11% and 50.80% of the country ' s production capacity, which will be higher and faster due to the impact of this decomposition.
Energy Efficiency Standard Levels and Benchmark Levels in the Industry Focus Area (2023 Edition) to further expand the energy efficiency constraint area to include meridian tyres in the energy efficiency constraint area. This will further facilitate the exit of backward production capacity, facilitate the company ' s strong demand for 350% steel tires, and the company ' s active participation in the seaboard.
3.1 Global economic recovery, improved demand for semi-steel tyres, mainstream demand for wheeled tyres, and sustained recovery in the global semi-steel market. According to Michelin, in 2023, 1.568 billion tyres were consumed globally, accounting for about 88 per cent of the main type of global tyre consumption.
Ten thousand; 1.56 billion sales in 2019, representing a decrease of about 30 million, or 1.7 per cent, compared with the volume in 2018; The replacement market is the main market for vehicle tyres. In 2023, the global market for vehicle appliance and the demand for replacement markets were 418 million, or 26.66 per cent and 73.34 per cent, respectively.
China’s replacement market has grown at a remarkable rate, and there is much room for the future. China’s demand for wheeled tyres in 2023 was 265 million, an increase of 11.34 per cent, of which 132 million were for replacement, 133 million for replacement, and our replacement market in 2023. The replacement ratio of tyres is about 1:1, well below the North American region 4:1 and below the world average of 3.2:1, exists.
As the impact of the epidemic subsides, the world’s vehicle production is recovering. There is a world-wide recovery in vehicle manufacturing, affected by the epidemic, according to the Oica data of the International Automotive Manufacturers Organization, with a significant reduction in motor vehicle production in 2020. As the impact of the epidemic subsides, in 2021, vehicle production began to recover, and as the impact of the epidemic almost ended, 2023.
With the impact of the epidemic nearing its end, further growth is expected in the future, and demand for ancillary tyres will increase further. We have a steady increase in vehicle production and a simultaneous increase in the demand for ancillary tyres. In 2023, Chinese cars produced 2,594,000.
As the impact of the epidemic subsides, automobile production is expected to continue to grow in the future. The production of new energy vehicles is increasing year by year, faster and more promising.
On the other hand, in order to catch up with the policy restrictions, in 2020 there was a higher demand for vehicles in advance, coupled with repeated outbreaks of the new crown, which led to a decline in vehicle sales throughout the year 2021 and early 2022 over the same period of the previous year. As the impact of the epidemic diminished, the economic recovery accelerated, emissions standards were fully converted, and the volume of automobile sales gradually improved as the first half of 2024.
The volume of cars sold for new energy sources has increased by 32% over the same period. It is expected that the volume of cars will continue to grow in the future, with a positive impact on the demand for matching tyres.
The market structure of the country has been transformed from a growing market in the early years to a stock market, both in terms of motor vehicle production and holdings. Automobile holdings have risen steadily, reaching 345 million in June 2024, of which 24.72 million are new energy vehicles.
In China, the demand for semi-styrene replacement is more than 400 million spaces. The replacement rate for wheeled tyres is 1.3-1.5 per year, and the demand for semi-styren replacement is estimated to be about 450-52 million/the desire to travel, and the domestic demand for semi-styrene is expected to continue to improve. As the disease control policy is phased out, in early 2023, the demand for semi-styrene replacement will increase.
As the impact of the epidemic subsides, people’s willingness to travel quickly recovers. In terms of the number of people travelling on the subway in major cities, the number of people leaving after the spring of 2023 has recovered rapidly, and the average number of people travelling on a week-long basis up the north of a line city is nearly three years old.
In recent years, there have been a number of anti-dumping and countervailing investigations of my country's tyres in key export regions, such as Europe and the United States, and high tariffs imposed on our tyre products.
U.S. forks further impose tariffs on our tyre products. As a result, the volume of tyres exported directly to the US has decreased significantly.
Thailand’s export tariffs have finally improved the country’s tires out of the sea. In the first quarter of 2024, the U.S. imposed customs duties on Thai companies in the region. The result was that the two tyre companies that were obliged to respond were Japanese friendly tyres (Thai Corporation) and Samgung (Thai Corporation).
China’s enterprises have been gradually completing their overseas placement since 2015, and internationalization has been improving. To reduce the impact of US trade barriers, China’s trade barriers have been reduced.
China’s enterprises have been operating overseas since 2012, starting with three companies, the race wheel tyres, the lingue tyres, and the Chinese rubber industry, which have become overseas, and China’s companies have been moving out of the sea. The layout has also been gradually extended from South-East Asian countries to North America and Europe, closer to the main terminal markets. As the overseas layout is improving, Chinese firms are able to cope with trade barriers.
3.3 The size of the sea and the limited impact of shipping costs The size of the overseas space and the current capacity are insufficient. By the end of 2023, the total capacity of half of the steel production available in the overseas factory of the Chinese tyre company totalled approximately 80 million. Supply: 80 million (capacity)* 90 per cent (capacity utilization assumptions)* 70 per cent (supply)
North American regional weight assumed) = 50.4 million, about 13% of the total North American half steel demand in 2023. Before the opposite, Chinese tyres accounted for 42.6% of the tyres imported by the United States, while the proportion of car tires imported by the United States rose to about 64% in 2023, and the ratio of car tires imported by the United States and Chinese tyres in United States imports gave an estimate of half of China's steel.
Sea freight costs have risen sharply due to geopolitical influences, and the fob agreement has mitigated the impact. Since 2020, the impact of the worldwide epidemic has been severe, the number of port workers has been significantly reduced, the maritime industry has been severely affected, and shipping costs have soared from the end of 2020 to the end of 2022.
Since June 2022, shipping costs have declined continuously, returning to pre-epidemiological low levels. In 2021, with rising shipping costs, combined with the impact of the epidemic on port capacity, overseas distributors were concerned about further increases in shipping costs, resulting in lower profits, and stock levels remained high.
As a result of this, China’s tyre business experienced a marked decline in its performance in the second half of 2022. At the beginning of the 23rd year, the stock of overseas distributors returned to pre-epidemiological levels, and demand from overseas recovered. In the middle of this surge, the export of tyres from China was significantly affected, with a larger share of the fob in the export of tyres starting in 2023.
In December 2023, as a result of rising tensions in the Red Sea, shipping costs rose again, and the impact of this sharp rise in the fob agreement on tyre businesses will be much smaller than during the epidemic. Figure 29: Price index for shipping costs
In mid-2022, the shipping bill reached its highest level ever, about five times the average shipping cost of the pre-epidemiological epidemic. High shipping charges for one year have had a significant impact on the profits of tyre businesses. According to the Universal Freight Network, the standard box is a 20-foot container with a size of 5898 mm*2352mm*2393mm, the size of the tyre.
Based on the 50-70-cm diameter of common car tyres, 20-cm width measurements, about a 20-foot standard box could transport about 450 half-circles of steel. For example, half-steeds were exported to Europe, using the average shipping cost of Lidu. Prior to the outbreak, in the fourth quarter of 2019, the average shipping cost to Europe by China was $720/Standard Box, and in the first quarter of 2022.
The cost of shipping to Europe is estimated at US$ 4850/Standard Box, assuming the average cost of a single birth in 2021, with the exception of shipping costs, at a cost of approximately 50 per cent or more of the value of the goods per tyre, and a significant increase of about 62 per cent in the price of tyres over the end of 2019, if the dealer maintains a constant profit.
3.4 The ability to produce abroad is old, and there is a tendency to leave behind. Overseas enterprises have a high capacity, and Chinese firms have a large space to go out to the sea.
In addition, we have data on factories in most of the world’s tyre companies, 43 of its 50 tyre factories were established earlier than in 2000. Overseas firms, with a tendency to contract their current capacity, are expected to provide greater space for Chinese firms to travel to the sea.
In December 2023, the company announced the installation of the Mexican base, which is planned to produce half a million steel products per year, and the expected annual net profit of $40.59 million in the postnatal period.
In January 2024, the announcement of an additional investment in the Cambodian base, with an additional 12 million steel/year half-life capacity, all postpartum, will give the base the capacity to produce 21 million semi-steel meridian tyres and 1.65 million steel-all-line tyres per year, with an increase in production expected to yield a net profit of 700 million yuan/year. In March 2024, the company intends to produce a net profit in Ni, India.
To date, the company has planned to build the capacity to produce 26 million full steel meridian tyres, 103 million semi-steel meridian tyres, and 447,000 tons of non-road tyres. As the company continues to expand overseas, the company will be able to better meet the needs of the overseas market and further improve.
The ability to respond to international barriers to trade will continue to increase profitability as the company’s share of overseas cities increases. “Liquid gold” breaks the “demon triangle.” In tyre material development, there are three main areas that need attention.
The safety of the fetus, which is resistant to grinding, represents the useful life of the tyre, but there is a “demon triangle” between the three, where upgrading one performance can affect two other performances. Using the new materials produced by the world's first “chemical smelting” technology, the company has developed autonomously a low-carbon green tyre product – liquid gold tyres – to make cars safer, more energy-efficient and more comfortable.
Liquid gold tyres have succeeded in solving the problem of the Devil's Triangle, a landmark innovation in the industry. The new liquid gold material (evec glue) uses a series of new high-performance rubber materials prepared by an autonomously innovative "combined rubber liquid-combined" technique.
The beauty of the liquid gold tyres has been tested and certified by a number of authorities.
Two products of passenger-car tyres have been tested by an authoritative authority and certified by the China Rubber Industry Association ' s labelling group to meet a-level standards (sfl1-string blockage, wetlands and noise three are of the highest level a, sfl12 roller block, wetlands reach a-level, noise is b-level).
The company first introduced liquids in the fourth quarter of 2021, the liquid gold by electric car tyre series – “erangeiev” – was launched worldwide in Las Vegas, United States. In March 2023, the company further increased the variety of liquid gold products by issuing new energy-ev series, luxury-drive series, all of them.
According to the company's raw material supplier's soft-control share announcement, its verc gel design capacity of 280,000 tonnes/year is now 108,000 tonnes/year, yielding about 77,000 tonnes/year in 2023. With the growing production of “liquid gold” raw materials, the company's product variety is increasing.
In May 2022, German tüvsüd conducted a comparison of the oil-efficient performance of domestically produced tyres and international first-line tyre products.
The use of the company's liquid gold series was the least fuel-consuming, with a 3.3 per cent savings on oil-saving products compared to one international front-line brand and 7.6 per cent on oil-smart products; furthermore, the company's “erangeev” product, developed exclusively for North America by electric vehicles, was tested by the Smith Laboratory in the United States, which was reduced by 5 per cent in distance from the dry-land braking of a single international front-line brand product, and by 15 per cent in drag,
In June 2022, polar rabbit logistics carried out road tests on company liquid gold truck tyres, comparing them to 5.8 per cent of the oil of a single international branded product under the same pattern, route, load, velocity and usage conditions, using road test data to estimate that tractor tires could travel 400,000 kilometres and that trailers could travel more than 450,000 kilometres.
In November 2022, several well-known national and international tyre media conducted tyre testing activities. Among them, the Pacific Car Network, in a cross-cutting evaluation of Teslamodel3's six major global branded tyres, was the company's liquid gold tyres first in three tests of wetland braking, slide testing, high-speed electricity consumption, and was crowned first in total achievement.
Liquid gold is sold at a relatively high price, but still has a price advantage. When performance is close to or above a single brand, the price of the wheel “liquid gold” tyres varies considerably from other branded products, especially in large-scale products, where the price is slightly more favourable.
Green, low-carbon and sustainable development was achieved throughout the life cycle of the use and recycling of goods, reducing the fuel consumption of cars in the driving process, thereby reducing carbon dioxide emissions. At the end of the raw materials, an average of 36 kgg of carbon dioxide emissions per liquid gold truck and 8 kgg per car could be reduced, respectively; during the tyre manufacturing phase, an average of each truck tire and car would be produced.
The tires can reduce energy consumption by 37.2 per cent and 36.1 per cent, respectively; at the end of use, on average, a liquid gold truck and passenger and car tires can reduce energy consumption by 4 per cent and over 3 per cent, respectively, and a new energy sedan using a liquid gold tyre can increase its duration by 5 to 10 per cent. According to the results of the carbon footprint verification of the products of the liquid gold tyres conducted by the international authoritative third-party testing agency, tüv Rhine, each line of the vehicle
The full life-cycle carbon emissions of liquid gold truck tyres and passenger vehicle tyres decreased by 39 per cent and 27 per cent, respectively, compared to normal tyres of the same specifications. 4.1 Downstream demand recovery, with the recovery of commercial car demand leading to a better demand for full steel tires
The impact of the epidemic has diminished, and the demand for the entire steel tires has gradually recovered. According to the annual report of Michelin, the global demand for the whole steel car remained stable at around 220 million per year from 2016 to 2019, and was affected by the epidemic in 2020, with the demand for the whole steel flat falling by 6.8% to the replacement market being the main market for car tires.
According to the annual Michilin report, the global market for trucking packages and replacement market demand in 2023 was 47 million and 165 million, respectively, with a slight decline in replacement demand and an increase in demand from 77.93 per cent and 22.07 per cent, respectively, and a billion, of which $21 million, with replacement demand of 42 million and replacement demand of 66.7 per cent were the main markets.
In 2023, our demand ratio for replacement markets was about 2:1, down from 5:1 in North America, with a larger market space. Commercial vehicle production resumed worldwide, with a better demand for full steel. As the impact of the worldwide epidemic subsided, commercial vehicle production resumed and, according to Oica data from international auto manufacturers, commercial vehicle production resumed to exceed the epidemic in 2023.
China’s commercial vehicle production continued to rise from 2015 to 2020, with a significant decline in commercial vehicle production from 2021 to 22, with a partial advance in 2020 due to a six-standard switch in five countries.
Overdrafts, resulting in a small fall in sales in 2021, and a significant drop in commercial traffic in 2022, which was blocked by a domestic epidemic. Commercial car sales improved markedly in 2023, the demand for a full steel tire was improved, and demand for commercial vehicles is expected to improve significantly as the economy continues to recover, and the demand for steel is expected to recover.
Vehicles and 4.03 million vehicles, an increase of 27 per cent and 22 per cent in the same year; in 2024, q2 commercial vehicle production and sales were 1.09 million and 103.06 million, respectively, an increase of 0.29 per cent and 0.3 per cent in the same year, which is largely stable. Commercial vehicle sales are expected to continue to improve as the domestic economy recovers gradually.
The overall volume of truck sales has been stable, and the demand for light load trucks is dominated by the demand for trucks. The demand for trucks is mainly light, with a significant drop in demand due to the impact of the epidemic ' s travel restrictions in 2022, with sales expected to be close in 24 years to sales in 23 years.  China: sales: commercial: vans (medium): current month: total: tens of thousands
▪ China: sales: commercial vehicles: vans (light): current month value: current year: total value: 10,000  China: sales: commercial vehicles: vans (heavy): current month value: total: 10,000  China: sales: commercial vehicles: current month value: total: thousands
There is a large space for full-bore replacement, and there is now much room for growth. Compared to passenger tires, commercial tire replacements are higher. If the truck is sold in our car for a period of 10 years, if the ratio of replacement is calculated, the number of different types of car is multiplied by the corresponding replacement ratio, it can be calculated that our entire steel tires are replaced by a market space in the area of trucking.
In 2021, the demand for the replacement of the whole steel was reversed. In view of the changes in the anti-epidemic policy at the end of 2022, measures to prevent and control the epidemic were put in place.
Pine, even when the epidemic peaked in December, the volume of road traffic did not decrease significantly. Twenty-three years have passed since the domestic epidemic picked up, the economy recovered rapidly, and the road transport industry recovered considerably. Road traffic is expected to return to pre-epidemiological levels in 24 years, contributing to an increase in demand for the entire steel tire.
Increased infrastructure, and better demand for full-bore replacement. Commercial car use will increase, driven by policies that encourage infrastructure development in the 14th Five-Year Plan.
5.1 The market needs are wide and the market is booming, the application environment is stringent, and the quality of non-road tyres is higher.
Port docks, construction, or other special areas. The use of non-road tyres is usually characterized by poor road conditions, high demand for grinding, tear-resilient, and age-resilient tyres.
In 2022, the market for tyres in China reached 72,597 million yuan, or 49 per cent of the global market for tyres. The report predicts that the market for tyres in the world will reach 1956,470 million yuan by 2028, with a compound growth rate of 459 per cent per year between 2023 and 2028.
Asia and the Pacific was one of the major global markets for otr tyres in 2020, accounting for more than 35 per cent of the market share, with Europe and North America accounting for about 48 per cent.
The global market for agricultural machinery is generally stable, with a market size of about $133.2 billion in 2022. The Asia-Pacific region, which accounts for 46.6 per cent of the regional share, is the largest agricultural machinery production region in the world, owing mainly to the large number of developing countries in the Asia-Pacific region and their large population and significant potential for agricultural economic development.
In Western Europe and North America, agricultural machinery production is dominated by large agricultural machinery with a high level of industrial and production stability, owing to the more mature development of agricultural mechanization.
As world industrialization accelerated, global production of engineering tyres increased from 100 million in 2016 to 340 million in 2021, with an annual compound growth rate of 27.73 per cent, and global production of engineering tyres will increase further to 50 million by 2026 according to Frost Sullivan's projections.
In addition, data from the report published by the pamphlet show that global metal exploration in 2022 was reported at a total of 9%. The number of projects and the number of rice drills were at a new high of almost nine years.
The “14th Five-Year Development Plan” for the rubber industry, published in the month, predicts that by the end of 2025, we will have 20,000 meridian tyres produced, with a rate of 100% per cent midday. The agricultural output will be 12 million, with the rate rising from the current 2.5% to around 15%.
Production barriers are high, and foreign brands dominate the market for high-end otr. Large-scale all-styre engineering and meridian tyres are highly distinctive high-end products in engineering machines, with huge volume and quality (the maximum exterior diameter of tyres exceeds 4 metres and the maximum mass close to 6 tons), harsh working conditions and long uninterrupted working hours, making the production of all-styre products technically difficult.
Only a few of the former tyre producers are able to achieve large-scale production. The existing otr production capacity is dominated by international tyre leaders, with the top three companies being Michilin, Priston, solidity, with a market share of income of 8.51%, 6.81% and 6.33%, respectively, in 2022.
In the future, as mining exploration and mining expenditures continue to increase, global capital investment is increasing, demand for non-road tyres continues to erupt, more tyre businesses are focusing on the otr track, and 5.2 companies have been laying non-road tyres for many years, and production can continue to open up for profit.
A special tyre factory was set up in 2016, and in 2016, the world’s largest timescale 63-hour giant meridian tyres were successfully delineated, becoming a minority in the country with the largest-sized production capacity of giants. The company’s multi-basket, multi-basket, non-road production capacity, continued to be released.
The remodelling is almost complete, and the project will produce all of the large-scale mills of 49 hours and above; after the completion of the remodelling project, 100,000 tons of non-road tyres will be produced annually; the non-road wheels of the three-phased plant in Viet Nam will continue to improve and the first giant project will be successfully offline.
West Asia plans to build non-road tyre production capacity, with a long-term layout of 447,000 tons/year non-road capacity. The company ' s non-road tyre production has been successfully matched with Caterpillar, John Dheere, Kashnewsland, UK jcb, Trio, Gravity Worker, Xu Engineering Group, Revo Heavy Work, and other nationally and internationally renowned engineering, mining and agro-mechanical enterprises.
Non-road tyre products from high-tech barriers will further enhance the competitiveness of companies. Figure 55: Company non-road production forecasts The annual rate of capture of non-road products by companies is rising and the rate of increase is stable.
The collection of non-road tyre plates as a share of corporate revenue has gradually increased, and the level of Maori in non-road tyre operations is high, and there is hope for steady growth in corporate performance in the future.6 The price of natural rubber is high and the cost of raw materials is under pressure
6.1 Rubber prices are high, short-term supply stable Domestic tyre companies account for a small share of labour costs and raw materials are the main costs. Compared to overseas leaders, firms account for a relatively low share of labour costs and 80 per cent of raw materials costs, which are the most significant and have a greater labour cost advantage than overseas.
Rubber accounts for the highest cost of raw materials. Natural rubber and synthetic rubber account for 64% of raw materials purchased by the company for the year 2022, which is reported by Linglong tires. Taken together, rubber is the main factor influencing the cost of raw materials for tyres.
Rubber prices have been at an all-time high of nearly three years, up 18 per cent from the same price a year ago, and are heavily affected by an epidemic in South-East Asia, mainly in the main natural rubber-producing areas in 2020, combined with increased demand for medical supplies, such as emulsion gloves, and higher prices for natural rubber during the first half of the year, as the main rubber-producing country, Thailand, was affected by the El Niño climate, resulting in lower production and better downstream demand.
Rubber prices have continued to rise slightly. Figure 59: Natural rubber market prices South-East Asia, where natural rubber is the main producer, with a small drop in supply. Natural rubber supply due to the effects of the epidemic in 2020
A decline, gradually recovered in 2021, followed by a slight decline in supply, an increase in the area under rubber plantations, which are expected to increase steadily in the future. Natural rubber is mainly based on rubber juice, with the area under natural rubber growing from trees growing from 2009 to 2009, and subsequent years increasing from year to year, to be in a higher position after 2015, if at the same level.
According to the seven-year growth cycle, the supply of rubber is expected to remain stable over the next few years.
The year or so will see a small fall in the rubber supply, which may lead to higher prices. Figure 62: Prices of new rubber plantations and replanted totals (thousands of hectares) of 6.2 other raw materials in the world ' s main producing areas remain largely stable
Synthetic rubber is associated with natural rubber prices, and costs are largely influenced by crude oil prices. Synthetic rubber and natural rubber have an alternative relationship, so the prices are correlated and, given the downward trend in natural rubber prices, synthetic rubber prices will fall. The main raw material for synthetic rubber is butadiene, the cost of which is clearly affected by crude oil prices.
Crude oil prices sustained high shocks in 2022 and have recently declined. Crude oil prices rose steadily in 2021, prices were close to the highest of 2018, Russian crude oil exports were significantly affected in early 2022 by the effects of the war in Russia and the US Federal Reserve interest increase, and crude oil prices increased by about 50% at the end of May 2022 compared to the beginning of the year, putting pressure on downstream synthetic rubber costs.
With the stabilization of the Russian-Turkish war, the international crude oil market has stabilized, crude oil prices have declined, and synthetic rubber prices have fallen. Carbon black prices are low, and are expected to remain stable in the future.
As a result of the sharp rise in the prices of coal power and primary coal in the second half of 2021, the price of kerosene and onion oil, which were the source of the carbon-black oil, rose significantly, leading to a rise in the price of the carbon-black oil. With the subsequent decline in the price of carbon-black, it is expected that the price of the carbon-black oil will remain stable in the future, with the price of the raw materials being limited.
Tyres use lower-end black supply than demand. The price of black carbon is mainly affected by the cost of raw materials. With the gradual recovery of coal mines in 2022, the impact of the epidemic reduced the smooth transport of coal in the main region, and the emphasis in the main province of San Francisco on the need to legally release productive capacity, increase coal production, power coal and the price of primary coal as compared to last year.
The fall in oil and onion prices, which led to a fall in carbon black prices, is expected to remain unchanged in future patterns of carbon black supply and demand, and prices are expected to remain constant in figure 67: carbon black start rates, rubber aid prices are stable and the downward trend in future prices is not evident. Given that there is no apparent change in demand in the rubber sector, it is anticipated that the price of the rubber industry will continue to decline.
The price of wires and wires has declined somewhat over 21 years. As the steel industry is a high-energy industry, the production of rough steel has fallen in response to the country’s “double carbon” policy, and the demand for iron ore has fallen.
The price of wires is expected to remain stable without a significant increase in demand, such as infrastructure, in the future. The company has recovered rapidly, and there is still room for improvement in the future. The companies affected by the epidemic are in 2021 and 2022.
The continued upswing in net interest rates is the main driver of higher corporate yields, and R & D costs support long-term corporate growth. Companies’ R & D costs are gradually growing to the top of the same industry, increasing R & D to support further advances in corporate performance. Higher R & D costs lead companies to become more competitive: 1) companies take the lead in creating higher technical barriers and higher M & D rates.
Road tyre products, which contribute to a rapid increase in profits; 2) companies develop “liquid gold” products that break through the “ghost triangle” in the tyre industry, and are expected to provide more room for growth in company performance in the near future. There is still room for upswinging in net corporate interest rates in the future: 1) production expansion is taking place overseas, and the high Maori overseas market will continue to expand;
2) Non-road tire operations, especially the high barriers to large tire operations, Māori rates are expected to remain high, and companies will be able to expand their future megaletes more widely; 3) "Liquid gold" products have not yet been widely promoted and there is much room for future growth.
A combination of historical price data and industry-wide supply and demand judgement, taking into account the changing share of the company ' s different products, estimates the average price of whole steel tyres and half steel tyres products at $354/bar, $352/bar, $352/bar. The rate of Maori for tyre products is 21.6 per cent, 21.6 per cent, assuming that 2: the company ' s tyre products were sold in the Central African Highway series 2024-2026 at 210,000 tons, 250,000 tons, 300,000 tons;
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of the company ' s sub-operational income for 2024-2026 as follows:
Three listed companies in the tyre industry were selected for valuation, considering the scope of their operations in a combination, of which thugs and ling wheels are industry leaders with larger sizes and more global layouts; generic shares are expanding their overseas bases; 1) downstream demand is not as high as expected and the demand for Chinese tyres in the United States is either significantly reduced or substantially reduced domestically;
2) The price of raw materials has risen significantly, and the large increase in natural rubber brought about by changes in supply will have a more pronounced impact on production capacity (3) and the delay in the construction of the base under construction due to force majeure; 4) the risk of overseas operations and large fluctuations in exchange rates.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.