Cost-side influences accelerated expansion in non-milk areas with profit levels Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) billion yuan, an increase of 12.00 per cent in the same year; net profit attributable to parent company owners is $6.01 billion, an increase in the same year
A quarterly report shows that in the first quarter of 18, companies achieved operating income of $19.576 billion, an increase of 24.56 per cent in the same year, net profits attributable to shareholders in parent companies of $2.100 billion, an increase of 21.15 per cent in the same year and a gain of $35 per share.
The short-term decline in Māori will not affect the company’s long-term profitability.
Keeping up faster, with sales revenue from priority products reaching 45.7 per cent, and new products such as the new ammush-temperature yogurt products and the ily brown-coated yogurt yogurt products, with sales revenue of about 9.2 per cent, in the second-line cities where traditional products are relatively saturated, consumers have focused more on product diversification and product innovation, with companies increasing in recent years.
The non-milk market has continued to expand, soy milk-laying rates have been rising, and it is hoped that the company’s strong network of channels and brand endorsements will enable it to position itself in the vegetable protein beverages market. The Department has expanded the non-milk sector once the market for vegetable protein beverages has been advanced.
It is expected that the Division will continue to roll out new products, enrich product lines, and that the capacity for product innovation will continue to drive corporate ownership.
Over the past 17 years, high-end white milk, high-end yoghurt and consumption have been sold well, and trends in consumption have been proven, and retail sales of liquid milk in urban and rural areas have increased faster, becoming a new engine for increasing the scale of milk consumption. Domestic consumers have increased their demand for product diversification, safety, health, etc.
The importance of high quality traits is growing, companies are responding positively to rising consumption trends, new products are being introduced, open source securities companies are promoting product upgrading, and the promotion of new products is taking place rapidly through a network of channels and star advocates that continue to sink.
It's doing well on the market, and it's selling star products better. The company's opening up to the non-milk market is expected to build on the Department's strong network of channels and brand endorsements, to capture a share of the market, and to continue to drive the city's innovation capacity to the 5th floor.
Corporate business as a whole continues to grow. Eli’s external milk distribution can effectively regulate the volatility of costs associated with large increases in prices and transfer them by reducing promotions downstream. Cost increases and regulations are increasing, and companies are expected to continue to capture the market share of small regional dairy companies in the county and rural markets, along with the city.
We see the company as a leader in the milk industry in the country, as well as deep down channels and marketing networks that support the company’s future business. Firm operations, continuous overseas layouts, and a high bonus rate allow the company to operate well.
Figure 1: The history of the shares of Ely, figure 2: The history of the shares of the shares of Ely, pb, who is either qualified for securities investment consultancy practice or has considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, produces the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
(a) In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.