It's a long-term value.
Recent consulting data show that Eli's sales in March were poor, and we've been looking at some areas. 1. The country's sales are growing faster than expected, and some parts are growing more rapidly.
The market had a lot of questions about Eli's basics because of previous reports from the consulting firm concerned, but according to our research, the first two months of the year had been national, and the spring peak and the demand for new items would have increased in March.
The rate of increase was higher than the national average, reflecting strong sales, supported by the downfall of the channel, and three or four-line cities contributed the main rate of increase. The 18-year national plan for liquid milk grew at an all-time high of hundreds of millions; and the low-temperature-acid milk industry remained largely unchanged.
2. The structure of the product is clearly upgraded and the rate of soybean milk-laying is rising. 18 years of the company ' s main monolith remains Ammush and Golden Fon, and Ammush is still expected to show that the liquid milk industry has remained largely stable or growing, except for the decline in the rate of milk growth among children.
1 "Eli shares (600887), if important, Eli, it's a matter of concern that the Ministry of Liquefisty has put on the market in December last year for the new soy milk plant.
2 Annual Ely Stock Exchanges (600887), Annual Review: Full Enjoyment Reforms are continuing, growing by more than 150 per cent last year as a bright spot for beverage reform, with cost dividends, higher end product share increases
The product structure of the former company has been upgraded to varying degrees, with further improvements in the future3 and the Eli Stock Exchange (600887), Survey Quick Report: During the first half of the year, performance is expected to continue to increase in the form of incentives to guarantee performance.
4. In-depth report on Ely shares (600887): “Old” value investment in dairy products
3. The function of the distributor and its attendant penetration rate are being broken down, with over 40 per cent of the network penetration rate remaining, depending on the industry. There are now more than 3,000 first-tier distributors across the country, whose numbers are on the rise, as products are broken down and channels sink.
If it is calculated that 400-600 people cover one network point, Eli still has 35-55% of channel penetration space, fine-tuning continues. The January-February sales of distributors across the country have been good, stockings have been good for about 16 days, and the costs of the channels have declined to varying degrees, with 18 years of channel end-to-end spending in the industry being more orderly and more online.
Because Eli is currently a disruptive factor beyond the basics and has a significant impact on investment decisions. But we think that Eli is not a big company now, and that Eli in 2005 is not a high-level company, that risk resistance is growing at the operational level, and that the disturbance factor may affect valuation to a certain extent Food safety and policy implementation is not in place
The source of the East's wealth and wisdom, the source of the East's wealth and wisdom.
Eastern Foundation, Tedarhonley Foundation. Masters' degree in Finance, University of Durant, United Kingdom, and two degrees in undergraduate studies, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics. 2017 Analysts' own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.