Powerful sales, bottom value, Ely's event rating. Ely's.
We've been doing grass-roots research on Eli's channels throughout the quarter, and the national sales of IRI's liquid milk have been expected to be higher than ever before, and there is a possibility that the traffic in IRI's liquid milk will increase from one season to the next.
The market has high expectations for IRI milk growth, but according to our quarterly base white milk growth rate is close to 10%. Supported by the downfall of the channel, the three-to-four-line cities contribute a major increase, with three-to-four-line growth rates ranging from 40-50%, one, according to rough statistics.
New heights: The Cream of Low-temperature-Acid Industry has remained almost unchanged. 2. The product structure has been significantly upgraded, with soy milk-laying rates rising steadily.
The high-profile soy milk-planting rate is now 45%, and it is expected to be 75% in August. The company's beverage reform is continuing, and the milk-breeding effort is also moving to 2, "Ely shares" (60887);
3. Annual Erie Stock Exchanges (600887), Year of Full Access to Cups, Awakening Useful Beverages based on Consumer Demand Trends, Functional Beverages with Cost Dividends, Increased Share of High-end Products
Industry ceilings are high, and the consumer population is growing. In the past few years, as products have become more qualitative, distributors have generally reflected the need for a faster replacement of products. We have sentenced the 4th Erie Research Express: the first half of the year.
In the next few years, companies will continue to produce different beverages. Performance is expected to continue to grow, stimulating the growth of the right to work, and the growth of Eastern financial intelligence.
Ely shares (600887); strong sales, bottom value stock, and terminal sales and distributors have a similar rate of repayment, and basic turnover can be measured by week. There are now more than 3,000 first-level distributors across the country, with a rising trend, and with the breakdown of products and the sinking of channels, the distributors are also broken down. If one is covered by 400-600 people, then one is covered by 400-600 people.
One network point is now 35-55% of the channel penetration space, and refinement is continuing. The channel sinkes out of newly developed stores, the old shop ' s multi-programming has effectively increased its ability to sell single-points and is expected to produce 16 photographs in the townships for 18 years, and the volume of product-support sales has increased. The ratio is now over 60% in the middle and second lines, and 40-50% in the three- and four-line heights. At the same time, the cost of the channel varies from region to region.
In terms of inventory and channel costs, sales have improved over the past three years, and in terms of current competition, it is expected that the industry as a whole will spend 18 years more on channel fees and more on-line marketing. 4. Industry competition has become clearer, Monx channels have been reformed, and Eli's operations are well-known.
Monx now pursues Eri through targeted base inputs. The competition is on a regular basis, but essentially because of the upgrading of demand and good guidance from manufacturers, Eli’s experience of channel management has been studied and developed across the industry. The channel structure shows that Monx is now divided into different regions, with separate product lines. After two years of branding, Monx branding has been put in place, and management continues to improve.
The standard of sanity is also being refined. Eli is now leading the system of cloud dealers on the distribution line, which tracks the inventory very efficiently, and the movement of goods is the next step. Because of what's going on outside the basics, and because of what's going on, it's going to have a lot to do with investment decisions.
In 2005, Ely was not a high-level company, with increased risk resistance at the operational level, and the disturbance factor may influence the valuation to some extent, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wisdom.
Eli shares (600887); Strong marketing, bottom value Eastern Fund, Tedarhonley Fund. Masters with first degree in Finance, University of Duren, United Kingdom, and undergraduates with two degrees from Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space. 2017 Diagnoses of his research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.