Erie shares (600887), food and beverages, income is growing steadily, leading the market to a new level, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Summary of performance: the company achieved operating income of 68.1 billion yuan in 2017, an increase of 12 per cent in the same year, and net profit of 6 billion yuan in the same year, an increase of 6 per cent in the same year; of this, 17q4 achieved operating income of 15.6 billion yuan, an increase of 8 per cent in the same year, and net profit of 1.1 billion yuan in the same year, a decrease of 16 per cent in the same year. 18q1 achieved revenue of 19.8 billion yuan, an increase of 25 per cent in the same year.
Net profit from maternity is 2.1 billion yuan, an increase of 21 per cent in the same year. In 2017, the red rate was 71 per cent, an increase of 7 cents in income: steady growth, with a continuous increase in the proportion of municipalities. 1. Income: rising company incomes in 2017 and 18q1 and rising per capita consumption of dairy products; 2) urbanized growth in dairy consumption; 3)
Companies sink more heavily on three or four lines and the following regional channels, and in 2017 they achieved an 18% increase in income. At the end of the product, priority products performed well, with gold medals growing by 23% and growth in size.
In the first quarter of 2018, the company’s average milk market was 36%, an increase of 2 percentage points in the same year; it was 18%, an increase of 1.4 percentage points in the same year. As the company’s channel continued to sink and the income share of high-end products continued to rise, the company’s penetration rate and the city’s share were expected to rise further.
Māori ratio: cost-side pressure, rising profitability in the future. The company achieved Māori in 2017 at 37.8 per cent, milk prices increased 0.3 per cent over the same period, tile paper prices increased 52 per cent over the same year, sugar prices increased by about 10 per cent over the same year, which partly eroded the increase in Māori rates resulting from product structural upgrading.
Thirty-nine per cent, or a slight increase in the year-on-year ratio, was due mainly to a moderate increase in the price of tile paper during the quarter, a slight decline in the price of original milk and sugar, and the effects of product structural upgrading, which were highlighted. In 2018, the company ' s Māori rate was expected to rise steadily while there was still some pressure at the cost end.
Cost inputs: The cost rate will increase slightly as brand advertising continues, transport and manpower costs increase. Public percentage points, 18q1 sales cost increase by 1.5 percentage points, mainly because (1) the company has increased its brand promotion input around the Winter Olympics four seasons; (2) loading and unloading charges and employee remuneration respectively in 2017
With a 14.5% and 12.6% increase, higher freight and manpower costs have resulted in less marked declines in sales costs. As corporate cost inputs continue to increase, short-term cost rates will continue to rise slightly, but in the long term they will favour greater brand influence and income.
The rate of compound profit growth is close to 16%. Given the company’s role as a leader in the industry and the continuing rise in the city’s share ratio, the public interest is given (600887); the demand is driven by rising consumption; the demand is recovered and the product structure is optimized.
Industry leaders have no, no reason, nor will they receive any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.