Together, China is building a national “wintel” union, which will take its toll for 10 years on October 23, 2023, to usher in a wave of great modeling times.
The business space bottlenecks of intellectual intelligence services have driven the past development path to two main categories: 1) multi-industry informatization expansion, 2) software and hardware integration products. While it is necessary to scale up revenue, it is necessary to build capacity in industry data cards and hardware products. Large models lead to an era of cognitive intelligence, solving the problem.
Awareness of business space bottlenecks in the smart age, corporate model-to-models may be the first to build performance elasticity: 1) multi-industry data cards and know-how make corporate model countries totop3; 2) hardware and software integration capabilities leading, first hugging, and tweaking chips; 3) successful “g-b-c” in education, politics, etc. push from top to bottom
A wide range of pathways can be directly replicated for large scale replication. With China, a national “wintel” alliance was formed to open up a market for more than 450 billion one-ai machines. \triangleright \triangleright
The big one model, driven by data security and data elements, has created a need for localizing the deployment of the big model between the company and the government. Market size: optimistic projections are that, in 2027, the market for the one-gai machine was over $450 billion: 1) domestic civil service + industry + about 4.74 million people in 2022 (house fund caliber), hypothetically.
\triangleright 70% with pc, which will remain stable in the future, while the domestic g end stock is about 33-34 million pc; 2), with optimism, 30% g endpc is expected to access the large modelai in 2027;
3) By reference to Moor's threads and intellectual spectra, assuming that the one-stop machine is the largest of 40, at a unit cost of $1.8 million; 4) under optimistic conditions, the market size of the one-stop g market is expected to be over $450 billion in 2027. \triangleright
\triangleright \triangleright
In July 2023, China joined forces with China to build our country for further cooperation in the field of ict.
The new base of general intelligence, 2023/08/09, highlights its scarcity. 3. Science Major Flights (002230.sz) depth report: Starfire
The company has brought a unique g-b-c path under its own strategizing strategy, and has created a glorious journey of more than a decade through the ai. With the power of the big model, the t20 series has become a high-end flag in the country.
Ship learning machine poles, 136 per cent increase in the same year in the May/June 2023 model and gmv, respectively, provide health assistants to each family, supplement the larger model of satellite medicine and related products. Assessment: short-term pressure on performance and insistence on long-term landings based on ground operations.
With the help of this, it is expected that the full medical process of “one wing” will be covered and that the growth space will be further opened.
The software application company Twisted Information, Hening Technology, Ultron High School's average market yield score for 2023-2025, not 114 x, 68x, 47x, and there is still room for upgrading the science major flight valuation to maintain the recommended rating.
1.1 Major models change the i-industry: from sensory intelligence to cognitive, i-industry is undergoing a paradigm shift from sensory intelligence to cognitive intelligence. Humans have a sense of the environment based on vision, touch, hearing, etc., and build a knowledge base and a logical understanding of the world.
The AI-to-people simulation is also divided into three levels of sensory intelligence, cognitive intelligence, action intelligence, and three stages of the development of the artificial intelligence industry: 1) Sensitivity intelligence: According to the China Cognitive Smart Industry Report, sensory intelligence is mainly data recognition.
The collection of large-scale data, as well as the extraction of features of images, videos, sound, etc., was completed in billions of yuan, of which computer visual (cv) accounted for about 40 per cent and natural language processing software and services for about 20 per cent: based on visual analysis, the most important factor in client demand for artificial intelligence software and services remains the decrease
(ii) Cognitive intelligence: According to the China Report on the Cognitive Smart Industry, cognitive intelligence needs to understand the relationship and logic of data on the basis of a structured approach, and to analyse and make decisions on the basis of understanding;
Cognitive intelligence consists of understanding, analysis, and decision making. Under the lead of the big model, the Academy of Sciences of China, Paik Chunli, believes that the next 5-10 years will be a critical period for artificial intelligence development, with our core artificial intelligence industry projected to be larger than RMB 1 trillion in 2030, and the global artificial intelligence market will reach its size in 2030.
Sixteen trillion dollars, with great potential and scope for development. The artificial intelligence industry chain is expected to rise to the age of many flowers, from upstream data, large models, arithmetic to downstream applications and products, or to have a wide range of growth space.
3) Actional intelligence: Action intelligence is implemented on the basis of cognitive intelligence, primarily humans working together. People work together in complex environments, supported by knowledge (e.g. knowledge mapping), data reasoning, coordination of dispatch resources, effective integration of human intelligence, artificial intelligence and organizational intelligence, and understanding, perception and movement.
Motivated smart systems, which correspond to the self-thinking, self-fulfilling, intelligent robots, and so on, the Chinese Academy of Sciences predicts that when one integrates all technological innovations since mechanization, automation, and informatization, it will lead to a new era of economic and social development that is immeasurable.
In the year, the company officially launched the first mobile Internet-based interactive platform for intelligent voice interaction around the world, "Search Voice Clouds" (upgraded in 2017 to "Search Open Platform") and the creation of the "National Mind" as determined by the National Science and Technology Department.
A voice-high technology industrial base, completes the construction of the voice-recognition technology base. With voice-recognition, the technology base achieves a platform-plus track development strategy, with per capita income generation as an important measure of platform capacity rising from $370,000 in 2010 to $1.25 million in 2022, which is strongly related to the company's market value.
The Taiwan + track development strategy can be summarized as two growth paths: 1) Industry informs: industry data and industry accumulates through industry-it operations, knows-how, captures business opportunities that can make the ai technology a reality, such as companies fully accumulate in the education sector
g end/b end data and know-how, explore a learning machine, a business machine that combines ai with education; 2) soft and hard: sells a person's capabilities directly into hardware products, such as a fly-in-chief headphone, etc.
The scope of the operation was expanded from "Smart City Plus Operators" in 2010 to "Small Cities + Operators" across seven major lines of business, and the Open Platform has over 587 pro-life giants: software and voice industry applications/systems.
2) In 2013, the company acquired enlightenment technology to complement the intellectual education resources accumulated in the previous period, expanding the scope of intelligent education operations, expanding the range of voice software operations embedded in the same year, and providing voice technology to more than 2,000 development partners:
3) The company ' s All-City Discreet strategy of 2015 was beginning to bear fruit, with 2g smart education completing 15 provincial education platforms, more than 20 municipal education solutions, 2b intellectuals network covering more than 4,000 institutions, and 31 units of pre-loading for successful automobile operations, with a strong grip on the sector ' s market ownership;
4) During the first half of 2023, the demonstration of the company's track shows continued to show that it has built a “strategy-based” of sustainable development on such priority tracks as education, medical care, smart cities, the intellectual transformation of businesses, and on the c-end smart hardware product as a learning machine, smart office books, smart recording pens, translators, smart hearing aids, etc.
The Xai capability and the one-stop artificial intelligence solution, which empowers people to practise their profession. 1.3 Flying the Golden Decade provides a significant pre-emptive advantage for the big model age, with a ten-year sharpening of the sword and a significant pre-emptive advantage in terms of data, algorithms, arithmetic and arithmetic.
In the field of algorithmics, companies achieved the first successful national medical examination and the certification of translator in the industry.
An artificial intelligence system was tested, and for the first time in the international authoritative machine reading and understanding evaluation contest, the global level of human reading and understanding was surpassed, and over the years, accumulated the power of a comprehensive model of cognitive intelligence for research and development; in the area of arithmetic, companies worked in depth with China to form a national “wintel union”.
The quality of the data is an important determinant of the effectiveness of the big model, which is published at the Big Star Model.
In cooperation with the China Science Association and the Chinese Academy of Sciences, the company can train in a variety of scientific materials. In addition, in various vertical industries, science-based and targeted databases, such as the educational field g-project, are now accumulated. Platform market ownership continues to be the highest in the country, with the highest level of educational data resources available in the country;
In the field of justice, 26 provincial and urban areas of the country, cumulatively over 1,800 courts have access to the judicial platform, providing continuous and high-quality case data; in the area of smart cities, in JiangxiXin.
As a result, the Department ' s first comprehensive population database was created, bringing together about 400 million population data, based on that part of the data, as well as government data, and led a pilot project on digital applications of inclusive finance across the province. With strict compliance with applicable laws and regulations, over 50 tb has been accumulated in the development and dissemination of multi-year cognitive intelligence systems.
The dynamic applications of industry language materials and more than 1 billion users per day provide big models for training to reach expert levels with big industry text material and user feedback data. 1.3.2 The company has three national-level ai platforms and accumulates strong models, algorithms and algorithms.
The company, which has three national ai platforms and a top team of scientists, has been operating a deep-seated neural network algorithm, such as a deep-trainformer, has accumulated solid ai algorithms and technical resources since 2014, and has recently been recognized by the Ministry of Information and Communications as a priority laboratory for the assessment of critical technologies and applications of artificial intelligence in the Ministry of Trade and Finance.
Joint team leader of the model working group ' s deputy chair unit and the broad model cluster of the national master group for the standardization of artificial intelligence.
The top research team, the National Project for Voice and Language Information Processing, 200+ from the Tsefir Institute, finished.
Research Center ..the top young scientist on the list of "The Man"
The National Artificial Intelligent Open Innovation Platform has been involved in the country's ii strategy.
Deep-cultivated Transformer A.I.S. Key Technologies and Applications Assessment since 2014
The deputy head of the Model Working Group of the Department of Industry and Informatics's priority laboratory, machine reading and understanding of the first superhuman level.
The National Standardized Artificial Intelligent General Group, which for the first time has a super-human reasoning capability, is co-leading the model theme group.
On May 30-31, 2023, the Hangzhou General Artificial Intelligence Forum and the Alla Artificial Intelligence Industry Development Congress were held in Hangzhou to discuss the opportunities and challenges of large model applications among the various communities involved in production and research.
On 7 July, the World Congress of Artificial Intelligent Sciences, 2023, was held in China.
At the conference, the Ministry of Industry and Informatization and the National Standardized Group for Artificial Intelligence, directed by the National Standards Commission, announced our first large model, the team leader, who was joined by the Shanghai Laboratory for Artificial Intelligence and other companies, such as Quantico, Hua, Ali and others.
Intruding, certifications were conducted and national standard-setting for large model testing was officially launched. 1.3.3 The SAT programme brings with it mature small model development, application experience 1) specialized models (small models) in the fields of education, medicine, etc.: reference to the development history of the openai, large model
The model is based on the premise that the development, training, application, etc. of small models is mature enough, that the product of the openai was only a vertical, small model in the field of games, and that the size of the parameters will eventually be expanded to form a larger model of 17.5 billion parameters, gpt3.
The brain plan first targets small models in the vertical field, with a large number of small models that have been successfully fielded, with the most successful models in the field of procreation and medicine, such as the one in the field of education, where a large number of awards have been awarded globally, the evaluation of the essays has reached the level of experts for the first time, and in 2022, 12 provinces have had high scores for their essays.
Technology for high-profile flights; the first artificial intelligence in the world passed the national medical practitioner qualification examination. Figure 9: A unique model for small-scale continuous investment in high-profile flights. Figure 10: A large number of small-scale models have successfully landed.
Business digitization, common scenes, smart media.
Intelligent industry Internet services (1) Smart agriculture
Smart living, smart marketing.
2 smart hardware, smart justice, smart medicine.
2) Nlp continues to break itself: nlp is the basis for the semantic understanding of the big model, and science is constantly updating the Nlp technology ceiling. In 2019, Stanford University launched the international squad machine reading understanding competition, which allowed the machine, for the first time, to exceed the human average in English reading understanding; in 2022, in Ai.
For the first time, the single model exceeded the average level of humans at the Openbookqa Science Logic Competition organized by the L.A. On May 6, 2023, the company officials declared that, based on the results of the test, the semantic understanding of the semantic capabilities of the semantics of the semantics was far ahead of the detectable existing system in the country, compared to the chhatgpt.
There is a slight difference. The Chinese-English text-generation capacity, if 5 is full, chhatgpt 4.48, has reached 4.29.
In 2022, the company picked 16 international champions in key technologies of artificial intelligence, involving 13 common senses.
Reading to challenge racerbookqa, qasc, reclor, etc., is a long-term accumulation of the Transformer algorithms: now, the big models are based on the Transformer algorithm, and the voice recognition, graphic recognition, machine translation tasks are all in the Transformer frame.
On the shelf, and at a relatively good level, the company’s open source pre-training model is twice the number two on the github, reflecting the advantage of the algorithm’s long-term accumulation of optimization.
Transformer algorithms have a long and continuous accumulation of experience in deep-seated neural network algorithms of transformer, which have been widely applied to voice recognition, graphic recognition, machine translation, etc.
• The STD has opened up a six-category pre-training language model for Chinese, with more than 40 Chinese-friendly pre-training language models for the same type of Chinese pre-training language on the Github platform first and far second.
As early as May 2018, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the company, which will serve the future with the public cloud, ict.
Deep strategic cooperation in four main areas: infrastructure products, smart terminals, and officeit; in July 2023, Starfleet and China joined forces to build a new platform of common intelligence in our country through perfect synergy of hardware and software, building large model training in numeracy concentration, performance excellence, supply stability, data security
According to Chairman Liu Qingfeng, the company began building its computing infrastructure in 2009 and has now built four city 7 centres for in-depth learning in the context of the excellent work of sending a team of experts to China to set up a special course on the news.
Computation platform, which not only fully meets the training of the ai algorithm model, but also covers the need to provide relevant ai services to millions of open platform developers and other industry partners.
The company, which is committed to using artificial intelligence to solve major social development issues, has built a “strategy-based” of sustainable development on such priority tracks as education, medical care, smart cities, and the intellectual transformation of enterprises, and has been working on c-end smart hardware products as i study machines, smart office books, smart recorders, translators, smart hearing aids, etc.
In the context of differences between industries that hinder the smooth running of the i-programme, the deep excavation and utilization of relevant industry data, which eventually reverses the targeted evolution of “in-depth learning”, has gradually become a consensus. Companies have taken the lead in creating educational, medical, consumer, etc., based on local blueprints.
Smart cities, operators, and cars are six “based on local operations” to build a system-wide solution for “top-ups” plus “streas”. 1.3.6 Adhering to the “g-b-c” strategy is a differentiated advantage of fast landing technology.
The "g-b-c" business model is first endorsed by the regional government through the g endpost project, then promoted to major b-ends (e.g. schools, hospitals) to build up data advantages in the industry and then expanded to c-end through b-end (e.g. schools, hospitals), such as selling hardware products such as learning machines and personal chemistry.
Software products, such as manuals. Take the example of the intellectual education business that led to the completion of the "g-b-c" closed cycle: 1) at the end of the g, the regional-level learning solutions are being improved in the educational system in a number of areas; 2) at the end of the b, the precision teaching and intelligence tests support classroom wisdom teaching with big data and ai algorithms.
(iii) At the end of c., the Quest learner meets the needs of students for extracurricular remedial education, enabling students to strengthen their own learning, knowledge and refresher and reduce the burden of parental guidance. The company’s smart education business promotes matching of government, schools, and families.
Together, multi-dimensional support education has returned to the main school positions, and has gradually developed government recognition, teachers and students alike, and parents trust that the ability to integrate hardware and software is expected to play an important role in the 'i' era.
Iflyios 2.0, combine the iflyiot platform with the full cycle of development of smart hardware and software, and continue to be consolidated in the continuous release of the subsequent i-soft hardware and hardware I products. Iflyiot platform provides equipment ends to sdk for different operating systems, terminals, networking modes, so that it can be quickly connected to the iflyiot platform and open
The sender can develop device end functions based on the sdk and xlink protocols, and allow the device to communicate with the cloud. It can also integrate a variety of ai capabilities and make the device intelligent. In addition, the iflyiot platform provides a well-developed foundational capacity for product development, equipment management, etc. that can quickly build products and functions on the cloud and provide events.
Management, rule engine, etc., outreach services to facilitate developers ' ability to expand their products; access to 100 million-grade devices to enable the safe and reliable delivery of messages and routes to help developers build their own iot applications. 1.4 Starwork 2.0 is the first three models of the country ' s comprehensive assessment, with a significant advantage in programming capabilities
The Big Star Model, the only major model in the country for the Gpt 3 label on October 24th, 2023, has been ranked 3rd in the recent authoritative evaluation of the Big Star model. The Big Fire Awareness Model was launched on May 6th, and three milestone nodes of this year have been defined: 1) June 9th, which gives further impetus to awareness.
Question-and-answer steps to integrate class search plugins into the Big Star model, enabling it to provide a better answer to real-time questions; 2) August 15, break-through capability and multi-model interactive capacity; 3) October 24, Great Starlight model to gpt 3.5 (over and over in English).
A big starfire model, or the smartest national production model, has a significant advantage in programming. The MIT Assessment of China’s ability to detect large models from all angles, such as R & D and commercialization, outside attitudes, and trends, is in the process of programming, science integration, logical thinking, mathematics, language.
One of the six major groups with the highest scores in terms of specialization and comprehensive knowledge, with the Big Star model programming score of 80 points, and other big models, such as rhetoric, score less than 70 points, which is more significant than the other subject-based Big Fire models in terms of programming capability.
The ability to program, or the most important factor in the commercialization of large models, is the pre-emptive advantage of the commercialization of large starfire models. First, code data enhances the wisdom of large cognitive models, because the code notes are very strong built-in logic and long-chain logical reasoning, so it understands long-text, logical reasoning and
Mission planning capabilities are very well advanced, and the code is a hard touch, and there is no primary rating standard, so it should also be seen as an important dimension of the intelligentness of large models; and secondly, code capabilities are an effective means of building and linking the digital world, capable of performing complex tasks, linking the digital world.
Code capabilities can also significantly reduce the entrepreneurial threshold of the digital economy, and for a growing number of entrepreneurs, if they are imaginative and have enough insight into the application landscape, they can start a business, not everyone needs to be a programmer, dramatically lower the developers' threshold, increase the developers' efficiency and reduce the costs of starting a business.
Based on the characteristics of the Great Starfire model, and taking into account the path of rapid development around 2010 based on the voice recognition technology base, we prejudge the application of large model-era companies: 1)ai creation: entry into emerging markets with large model performance advantages, such operations are marketable
(b) i Reconstruct: increasing the share and value of the existing business market through large model performance advantages, such as the fact that the open platform can be the standard chhatgpt+plugin, or become a prototype of the operating system of the 'i ' era;
Features of data that can be tracked with high frequency, such as the creation of 2ai in May/June 2023, following the launch of the large model, which was created by the i.e., Star Fire One and Open Platform 2.1 Star Fire One: G end market size exceeding $450 billion under optimistic conditions
The SWOT model was designed in combination with the logic of training, and achieved a technological breakthrough that could efficiently fit the TT chip and accelerate the industrial landings and overlaps of the large model.
In a single machine, the Tungai chip provides 2.5 pflops to the core, builds a large cluster of training models for arithmetic concentration, performance excellence, supply stability, data security, which can provide a strong computing capacity and stable data storage that can provide reliable training and applications for large models.
. In addition to leading performance, the Starfire One machine has five custom optimization models, a 10+ scenario package, and a model parameter of 130/615075 billion, which allows clients to open boxes for immediate use and security control. Based on the Star Fire One machine, businesses can train large models from the beginning to the end, or they can fly stars based on science majors.
Large-fire models are custom-made. Clients can use the Starfire One machine to optimize the business landscape quickly, adding about 20% of the technical indicators to the original application for a week or so. The low semantic understanding is 60 points, the high semantic understanding is 78 points and is continuing to progress; the big starlight model has seven dimensions based on the scene.
Customization is raised by 20 per cent; in addition to the enhancement of private domain knowledge, training in internal data can be increased by 20 per cent (the two upgrades mentioned by the Department, including on-line time, are statistics following training cooperation with large models in nine areas: finance, government, automobile, etc.).
Figure 20: Starfire One supports fine-tuning. 2.1.1 Clear market requirements for local deployment, and competition among overseas giants to test the mood of the track. Market requirements for localization of large models are mainly in the categories of data security and technology requirements:
1) Data security needs: Three-star chip code leaks are an important sign, and large models or are capable of permanently learning to divulge data content, causing irreversible losses. According to the Korean Media Economist newspaper, in March 2023, there were three cases of overuse and misuse within Samsung, including two.
According to Cyberhaven, 11% of the enterprise data that employees send directly to chhatgpt are sensitive data.
2) Technology needs: The use of a large localized deployment model allows institutions and individuals to gain experience in this changing market environment, which is not possible with api alone. According to Willows.ai, for native applications in ai, the internal state of the model, gradients and intermediate output results need to be understood, using api based
The model limits the possibility of further testing and enhancement of the model. Moreover, the cost of ai engineering development is high, small and medium-sized manufacturers are unaffordable, and the use of a one-in-one machine with a built-in capacity can lower the threshold for a small and medium-sized manufacturer to enter an enterprise.
In response to the release of the  1940s into the large model local deployment market to validate the track view. In contrast to the Nvlink agreement, it can only be 8 calories in parallel, so its main client is the algorithmic training of small and medium-sized enterprises, with a 20% increase in the efficiency of the 1.40s in the ai reasoning compared to the a100 card.
70 per cent efficiency gains and 50 per cent improvement in fine-tuning over a100 per cent. Figure 22: Unsatisfied supply after the launch of British Weddal 1940s. 2.1.2 Domestic g leads the way, optimisticly predicting a market size of over $450 billion
g Data security is most urgent, leading to the localization of large models of deployment needs. From the point of view of data ownership, there is a strong demand for data security among the party forces: government data and military defense secrets, which, according to evidence, can easily have a significant negative impact, even endangering national security and social stability.
The first large-scale models were deployed locally in three main categories: the reasoning one, the training one, the programming one one, and the programming one.
From the optimal point of view of market size, the demand for the one-one machine is equal to the number of pcs connected to the one-one machine divided by the maximum number of pcs distributed to the one-one machine. Since the current market-one-one parameters are less disclosed and are mainly engraved in China, the chip is expected to be close to the hardware parameters of the one-one-one machine, using the Moleline-one machine, the 40 largest co-developments, and
The minimum unit price of 1.8 million units for the brain spectrum is measured by the market: 1) the number of employees paid out of the housing fund of State agencies and institutions in 2022 is approximately 4.74 million, the number of employees in the fake 70% pc, assuming a steady number of workers is slightly variable, and the number of employees in the end gpc in 2023-2027 is slightly variable.
33-34 million units; 3) reference to the Moor route, assuming that the maximum combined volume of the one-one machine is 40 units; 4) pricing the one-size price of the one-size machine, the reference-based spectrum, is $1.8 million (minimum configuration product)
5) In 2027, with optimism/neutrality/pessimism, the market size of the gTai One machine was calculated separately from the optimal point of view, and the demand for the programming one machine was equal to the number of pcs in the IT sector with access to the ai, divided by the maximum number of the one-in-one machine.
China's main target chip is the approximate hardware parameters of the one programming machine, using the 40 largest co-development machines of the Moor Line and the minimum price of 1.8 million units of the one-way machine of the brain spectrum: 1) approximately 47.45 million persons paid out in 2022 for housing funds in State agencies and institutions, for false leave.
(a) 70 per cent of the ratio of workers to pc, assuming a moderate fluctuations in the number of employees, the number of g-end pc in 2023-2027 was 33-34 million;
3) Considering the increased demand in the IT sector for the efficiency of the i upscaling of programming, it is optimistic that in 2027 50 per cent of the government IT sector will have access to programming a higher than the overall 30 per cent penetration rate in the government sector (above); 4) with reference to Moor Line and IQ, assuming a maximum of 40 one-size-fits-all machines at a single cost of $1.8 million;
5. In 2027, the size of the market at the end of the domestic programming unit g, based on optimism/neutrality/pessimism, was $9.2 billion/$5.5 billion/$37 billion, respectively.
The big model of the idiosyncrasy, the big model of the idiosyncrasy, the big model of the idiosyncratic idiosyncrasies, the big thop3 model of the idiosyncratic idiosyncrasies, is also working with the idiosyncrasies, with a price of up to $39.6 million/15 people (including product programmes, model deployments, fine-tuning advice, etc.) on the condition that the advantages of the idiosyncrasy hardware and idiosyncrasies are not prominent.
Starfire One, with its own rich experience in software and hardware integrated product development, may bring a higher value for money; Clouds, technology, technology, soft power, etc., also publish one machine based on hardware, but the above-mentioned big model performance is difficult to compare with the big starlight model of the national production model Top3, leading to a single body of use.
Large model performance + application ecological advantages are significant compared to the Tung One plant.
Long-term technology: large model status unknown Soft power: open-source model + self-research ai training center of Taiwan 2.0. Open platform in 2.2 countries, governments, etc.: promising business model at Microsoft+openai platform level
The business of the traditional open platform is essentially a flow analysis service that helps to achieve efficient marketing fees through the exchange of technology for developers' platform traffic. The "Close-Close-Close-Close-Close-Close" platform, which builds an integrated system centred on "ta-users" and, on the one hand, creates a common sense from crowd perception to attribution optimization.
The domain closed loop system, on the other hand, creates a wide private closed loop system from user stratification to transaction conversion, with two automated closed loop systems centred on "user" and a two-wheel-driven, continuous optimized growth wheel that provides customers with continuous dynamic energy from "product" input to "gmv" output to drive growth.
In the first half of 2023, growing cultivation among brand and effect clients won the 2023 Golden Mouse Award “The Year's Best Digital Marketing Platform” and the Tigers Award “The Year's Best Smart Marketing Platform”.
The new business versus Microsoft +openai, the Big Star model becomes a flow portal, and the business model is essentially to take as much tokens costs as possible. Reference is made to the Microsoft +openai platform-level business model, and it is also possible to create a starfire-ai ecology based on the Big Star model:
1) The Great Star Fire Model interacts directly with c-end users (chatbot products): the overseas target product is chatgpt, with membership fees to be charged on a subscription system, chhatgptplus subscriptions at $20/month, and subscribers can use the latest large model;
2) Starfire Assistant: The Starfire Assistant is a third-party developer (and some of the official developers) fine-tuning the Star Fire Model to end-user c and, in the final case, an application based on gptapi, i.e. subscriptions to c-end users, the developers refer to large model suppliers.
Api user fees; 3) development of tool chains: Science Major Flying Stones provides a tool chain for the development of the whole process by reference to overseas Google Vertex, for the tool chain component (e.g. iflycode, Google vectors)
(iv) Plugin platform: the plugin in the plugin platform is essentially an ai-born application, requiring b-end customers to pay api user fees;
5) Customised pyrotechnic model maas: a one-stop prying model solution for b-g-end clients 6) Privatization/localization deployment: The price of a privatized deployment price for the SCOM 2.0 cloud has been clearly indicated.
Between thousands and hundreds of thousands of dollars according to different technological indicators; localization into product-based, star-fire-like machines. Figure 26: Business model forecast for the open platform 'i ' s era. 2.2.1 flycode vs. copilotx
The smart programming assistant iflycode 1.0 is a code-level programming tool, official form, based on a large model of the SCOM v2.0, with code generation, code completion, code error, code interpretation, generation unit testing, etc.
The `code translator', for those who want to learn programming on zero basis, can use the `Start Python code to explain the little assistant' to get an indication of each line of code, and the `Start Fire Model' can also import and call the various modules in python, which is relatively convenient and fast”.
The interview was tested prior to the release of iflycode and the results were very positive: 1) Internal 2000+ employee use of impact measurements bright: the use of the code has exceeded 30% and has been continuously increased, with code efficiency increasing by 30% and combined efficiency increasing by 15%.
You can see the rate of use of the code: the rate of adoption of the code note is more than 90%, the rate of adoption of the transport command is more than 70%, the rate of adoption of the tool code is more than 60%, the rate of adoption of the script code is more than 50%. The effectiveness of the typical scenario is raised by more than 70%, the development of the tool is raised by more than 60%, the production of the script is upgraded by more than 60%, the analysis of the data is upgraded by more than 50%.
2) The digital base of education in the Changning District: the 100,000+ items that fly through iflycode and 5,000+ campuses should be accumulated using data and procedures to describe scripts, targeted training that will make it easier for educators to complete the school day, now only one day, with an average investment cost of about 150,000, and now only 15,000.
The educational digital base has been piloted in several schools in Shanghai, Hubei and Anhui, and has been very effective. 2.2.2 Starfire assistants and the plugin platform continue to build the starfire-ai ecology.
A Starfire assistant, who is a co-director of the company's official or third-party developers who fine-tune the large starfire model and encapsulate the integration of third-party applications (e.g. calendars, mails, maps, etc.), has now opened up the SMS to over 4,000+, covering over 17 hot applications.
The StarFill Plugin platform is combined with a third-party tool that can be compared to the hands and feet of a large model and is now open to ppt generation, résumé generation, document creation, and three main plugins. With chhatgpt+plugin as a pole, the signal continues to build the StarFillai ecology.
By entering the plug-in to create an ecosystem, a unified platform plus plugin model is expected to build a booming ecology similar to Apple+app store, and the star-fire plug-up platform will cover 18 major applications in the future, enabling thousands of people to catch up with chhatgpt to build their own ai ecology.
Figure 30: Starfire models are expected to cover 18 major applications in the future. 2.2.3 The transition period of the Open Platform is expected to be significantly shortened, with a recovery rate or re-orbiting.
The "Open Platform 2.0 Strategy" was launched on October 24, 2021, with a single-point innovation (nlp speech recognition technology) breaking through to systemic innovation, building capacity across the 18 tracks, with the developer's per capita income falling from $100,000 during the stabilization period to $30,000, or through preferential prices.
In parallel with the development of the large modelai era, business models such as api, subscriptions, vertical industries and maas, which have been clearly validated abroad, are on the ground, with the prospect of shortening the transition period and leading to the recovery of per capita income to 100,000 yuan in the stabilization phase.
2.3 The industry solution maas is the starship sea, and the science major issues the big model + the industrial Internet sticker product - the atelope platform. The starfire large model enables the antelope platform to be freer to publish, more accurate supply-demand interfaces and more professional service resources.
Small and medium-sized enterprises, after posting their needs on an antelope platform, with the power of the Great Starfire model, will be intelligent to read the needs and scan the products, services, etc., so as to match the resources of programmes, service providers, experts, etc., and give specialized advice strategies.
At the same time, the Big Star Cognitive Model also helps to build the “business knowledge brain” by combining the industrial knowledge base of the generic large model with the in-house knowledge base of each enterprise, developing an exclusive “business knowledge brain” and promoting individualized deployment of the enterprise.
The average benefit has increased from 2.3 to 7.2 per cent, and the Big Star Awareness Model has helped build the corporate knowledge brain. In addition, the antelope industry Internet platform has provided products programmes and relevant experts for energy management solutions in industrial enterprises.
By connecting the robotic super-cerebral platform to the Big Cognitive Model, a completely new imagination will be created for human interaction. Based on the two-storey 1+n interactive Cognitive Large Model System unique to the Big Cognition Model, the existing technical links have been harmonized, and the Celebrity Aoi platform has been upgraded to an interactive Cognitive Large Model to provide more through robotic super-cerebral platforms.
Open, more natural and high-quality interactive experiences: deep semantic understanding and knowledge applications that can lead to multiple rounds of dialogue, cross-cutting understanding, indiscriminate application of knowledge and cozy chats; autonomous direction of multiple rounds of dialogue, which are really the planning and organization of complex tasks; rapid learning of document knowledge that allows robots to be built quickly
The knowledge system of the corresponding document, which enables knowledge to be understood and answered; the learning ability of large-scale users; the ability to enable robots to evolve their own knowledge through user feedback; the training of robots in trade-based speech and knowledge; and the training of robots to provide services to people, not only in professional marketing or customer service, but also to learn about them.
In addition to the open human interaction, the robotic hyper-brain platform offers a number of capabilities and solutions: multi-moderative, sensory expression, co-ordinated brain control, etc., to boost robots to perform complex motor tasks in various settings.
Flying robot super-cerebral platform is strongly associated with the Big Star model, which is based on the Big Star model to create a virtual human interactive platform. The Virtual Human Interactive platform provides virtual image-building, api access, multi-scenario solutions, one-stop virtual application services, and connects.
Working with industry partners to build virtual human ecology to meet the application needs of different scenes, continuously improving the definition of multi-mode perception, multi-dimensional expression, emotional penetration, and autonomy. As part of the software machine of Project 2030, the virtual user has been used in a variety of areas, including the media, finance, the arts, culture, education, politics, etc.
A virtual human intelligence interactive with a big starfire cognitive model that allows freer, more interactive, deeper and more efficient dialogue has led the way to the virtual orientation of 10 official flag shops 3ai re-engineering: education and medical performance
3.1 Smart education: learning machine brightened, b/g business or bottom-line rebound b/g high-tech smart education business is the ground-based business that leads to the g-b-c connection, driven by the overarching national theme of education - the “double-down policy”. There is still a need to develop the whole spectrum in the context of the “double-down” policy.
Students, while improving the efficiency of their education, are guaranteed the quality of education as a whole, and the g-b-c closed link built by the government, teachers, students, and parents becomes the best solution. Under the concept of "Associative Smart Education, with the dream of learning through learning achievement" the company addresses the country's major educational agenda through the core technologies of artificial intelligence and the teaching field.
At the present time, the intelligence of education has evolved into an operational system of integration of g-b-c, the products of which are distributed throughout the country's 32 provincial administrations.
End 3.1.1c: Large model enabling learning machines have grown significantly, individualized manuals have been maintained.
Gmv has grown by 136% and 217%, respectively. By comparison with other mainstream branding flagships in the country, we find that the main advantages of the SAT can be divided into the following two categories: 1)
The error identification and modification of words, and not only the more complete and numerous types of errors identified by the SMS, but also the automatic association of knowledge cards to help students learn and consolidate weak knowledge points and give enlightening advice to combine the continuation of the learning programme and complete the learning loop.
2) Links with smart education g/b end business data: e.g., in the course of curriculum development, science majors based on g/b end business data advantages, creation of unique localised test point frequency data, knowledge maps of the same chapter, in addition to the original knowledge points in the textbooks, there are local extension problems, and knowledge points are more complete and detailed;
There is a clear logical structure between the points of knowledge that can trace and predict the knowledge points, and the intelligence of the science majors can recommend the best learning path, with real time-saving effects. Optimisticly, the market for high-end learning machines in the country is expected to be close to $10 billion, and high-end learning machines can maintain competition.
According to idc, in 2026, the volume of the learning flats in the country reached 4.36 million, and given the major competitive factors in the prices of the machines until 2023, the hardware configuration, based on conservative predictions, was the lowest in the 2022 Idc superscreens.
The ratio of 5 per cent to the volume of the top-end flagship machine, which is expected to reach 25 per cent in 2026, and the market price of the top-end machine, which is based on the price of t20pro, is expected to reach $9.7 billion in 2026. In the first half of 2023, the market size of the top-end machine was increased to $9.7 billion.
Gmv has grown by more than 260% on the same day. Given the market patterns or rapid upswings of high-end learning machines in the country, the growth in product earnings is expected to continue at a high rate if the flight is able to maintain a competitive edge.
Personalized learning manuals contribute to a “double drop” in the ground, with large models having grown rapidly after their empowerment. Individualized learning manuals can analyse the knowledge points of students based on the process data generated by students in school, such as examinations, classroom interactions, operations, etc., and can be “specifically tailored” to the weak elements.
Break, focus on typical issues and focus on individual issues, which will further enable the deployment of stratification, impact and personalization operations, reduce inefficient duplication of exercises, enhance learning efficiency and contribute to a “double drop” in the ground. The personalization learning manual maintains a high retention rate of more than 90%, accompanied by a product-combining high awareness model.
In the first half of 2023, Mäori grew by nearly 60% and the new fee-paying school bill increased by 80%. The product integration large-scale awareness model for upper secondary school mathematics and English subjects achieved an in-depth overhaul, which was well received by schools and parents in the pilot regions, with an increase of 70% in the rate of expansion.
3.1.2b/g End: 40 per cent increase in orders in May-August following the release of the large model. According to data from the Internet, the total winning amount for the science-based high-scientific education b/g end business in January-August 2023 reached $293 million, a 41.02 per cent decline from the same period, but the mid-point figure for May-August after the release of the large satellite model was met
For $234 million, or 40.48 per cent more than in the same year, the Big Star model continues to overestimate the social impact of the company and provides more business opportunities for the company’s g/b end-of-the-line intelligence education business.
Other school life scenes, such as heart, wisdom, and sports. Lu Liang City’s Smart Education Improvement Project contains holistic solutions for intelligent mind, wisdom, and sports.
Smart Heart Solutions: Use artificial intelligence technology in adolescent mental health screening and intervention. Using multi-mode quantitative assessment smart algorithms and virtual interactive techniques, simulators communicate with students in spontaneous language, take information on voice, language, emoticons, etc., to achieve greater comprehensiveness and accuracy than traditional psychological scales.
There are now more than 2,600 primary and secondary schools.
For example, Anhui, Jiangxi, Sichuan, Zhejiang, Hubei, Henan and others have increased the coverage of school students from less than 10 per cent to nearly 100 per cent in one month, the efficiency of screening has increased 120 times, the accuracy of screening has risen by about 20 per cent to 40 per cent over the traditional scale, reaching over 85 per cent; it has subdued the planet by one.
Normalization, with students receiving personalized psychological counselling increasing from less than 2 per cent to about 50 per cent ~80 per cent. 2) Smart sports solutions: moving postures through computer visual and intelligent analysis techniques Identification and infraction diagnosis, support for more than 20 test programs and bodies such as running, leading upwards, setting up leaps
The program has been developed in Beijing, Zhejiang, Anhui, etc.
About 1,400 schools apply, while serving such places as Hebei, Shandong, Anhui, etc., to conduct an intermediate examination in smart sports, which is both efficient and fair. Data from scale and regularity applications show that smart sports promote both mobility and physical health, such as raising about 40% of students' sports interest, and school performance rates.
Up to 10%, students are planning to jump away, running, and so on. 3.2 Smart Medicine: The Medical Vertical Large Models and the Xiao Doctor Apps have great prospects, and the company will publish the Medical Big Models and Messages at the 1024 Global Developers Festival in 2023.
Doctor Xiao, a health assistant for every family. In the application of the large model of health care and the corresponding product, the mission is not only deeply involved in the evaluation system and standard-setting of the applications of the large model of health care, but also in the launch of the Great Fire Model and Hua Dynamite for the All Connect Conference on 20 September 2023.
The software and hardware integration of 3,000 smart medical assistants, the large model of telecommunication medicine, has demonstrated a good landing capability, which, supplemented by a large model of telecommunication medicine and related products, is expected to achieve the full coverage of the “one wing” medical process and further open up the space for growth.
3.2.1 In-depth participation in the application evaluation system and standard-setting of the large model of medical health.
1) On 7 July, the China Institute of Information and Communication, the National Health Council Medical Management Service Guidance Centre, the Beijing Institute and Hospital, the National Clinical Research Centre for Osteoporology and Physical Rehabilitation, the First Hospital attached to the Chinese University of Science and Technology, the Hongji Medical School of the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and Tsai Medical Science and Technology Ltd. were joined by 10 institutions
In conjunction with the launching of a study on standards for the medical and health sector, the creation of a system of evaluation that meets the needs of the health sector, starting with standard-setting, evaluation tests, ecological construction, etc.) On 25 September, under the leadership of the China Institute of Information and Communications, Tseng Medical Science and Technology Ltd.,
Part 1 of the Technical Requirements for the Application of the Models for the Medical Health Industry: Hospital Side Medical Services, Large Model Application Technology for the Medical Health Industry, prepared by the Washington Hospital, the Beijing Institute of Association, the National Centre for Clinical Medicine for Osteoporology and Physical Rehabilitation and the Qinghua University Institute of Precision and Physiology, etc.
Two technical requirements, namely, the patient side care service, were officially published as the first model technical standard for the application of large models proposed by the industry in the field of health care. Figure 42: Technical aspects of the application of large models in the health sector, part 1: hospital side care
Figure 43: Technical requirements for large model applications in the medical health industry, part 2: Hospital side medical services 3.2.2 Smart Medical Assistants one-on-one show a good landing of the medical appetizer, 20 September.
(a3,000 smart medical assistants with multi-model interaction, medical training reasoning, medical questions and answers, medical content generation, etc.)
In advance of a clinic, you can use the services of an intelligent diagnostic and pre-diagnosis service, a person who interacts with patients on multiple rounds, multi-modules, collects information on symptoms, history of illness, etc., and recommends a suitable unit and a good doctor for the patient, while creating a structured medical history that is synchronized to a doctor, matches the patient's resources accurately and improves the efficiency of the consultations; in the course of the consultation, the full process is provided.
(a) A paramedical service, which runs through such sections as booking, call-in, diagnostic treatment, testing, taking medicines and so on, provides patients with timely and effective access to medical guidance, as well as an intelligent question-and-answer process throughout the course of medical attendance;
7* 24-hour answer to patient questions; after consultation, personalized intelligence follow-up services are provided to effectively improve the efficiency of follow-up visits and improve patient access; 2) for doctors: smart medical assistants can provide mobile ai helpers based on large models to achieve patient drawings
There are six main functions that support mobile phones, such as smart search, voice records, smart search rooms, consulting assistants, and referral assistants.
3.2.3 The "one wing" of the medical "one wing" covers the entire medical process. The "one wing" technical framework of the medical "one wing" system is proposed by the "one wing" system, which covers the entire medical process through the management platform of mental health assistants and post-patient rehabilitation.
Science and health interacts on two sides, and promotes the evolution of medical and health assistant and health assistant techniques. Specifically, medical knowledge and self-learning are used to enable a person to read each of the teaching materials, each guide and expert consensus, each case report, and research into clinical reasoning techniques to achieve different scenarios such as grass-roots and level hospitals.
(b) The capacity of medical assistants of the next physician is enhanced; through the study of health interactive techniques, the capacity of health assistants to support the exchange of people in a medical setting, and the ability of health assistants to assess the health of the population, screen for consultations, manage patients, interact with patients, etc.
As of 30 June 2023, the Quest's “Scientific Medical Assistant” has cumulatively covered 31 provinces (autonomous regions and municipalities), 408 districts and subdistricts of the country, with a technical basis for GP-assisted diagnostics, and has taken the lead in their application.
More than 230 million standard electronic medical records were completed by grass-roots doctors, a cumulative amount of more than 640 million recommendations were made to grass-roots doctors for supplementary care, the standard rate of writing of electronic records was raised to more than 92 per cent overall, more than 1.27 million cases were completed and completed by systematic alerts, and more than 45.7 million risk alerts were issued to unreasonable prescriptions, and some were received.
This has resulted in the improvement of the capacity to conduct primary consultations.
The process, the reduction of the number of diagnostic errors, the generation of recommendations for clinical diagnosis and treatment, the provision of intellectual support for the clinical decision-making process of doctors, and the provision of information-based supervision of the clinical process and the quality of the diagnosis by health authorities at all levels.
Large model models provide a platform for post-patient rehabilitation management. On the one hand, the post-clinic rehabilitation management platform can be based on automatic analysis of the patient's health drawings, the brain generation of individualized rehabilitation programmes for patients, including items requiring patient attention, medication guidance, rehabilitation campaigns, follow-up visits to hospitals, health information, patient counselling, etc., and it can urge patients to implement them.
The rehabilitation programme, on the other hand, allows real-time access to patient information, dynamic adjustment and rehabilitation programmes through external call robotics and micro-programs, while the post-rehabilitation management platform provides a 7x24-hour response to the needs of patients who wish to contact a doctor whenever they leave the hospital and to address the many problems they face in their home rehabilitation.
To build a system of patient counselling and support with the human resources of the ai+ doctor, to achieve more humane and professional post-patient management, to extend professional post-hospital management and rehabilitation guidance to out-of-hospitals, and to give each discharged patient the exclusive ire doctor. As of 30 June 2023, 44,000 patients had been served.
In hospitals with more than 20 units, more than 60% of patients are discharged from the hospital with normal applications, doctors have increased their management efficiency by 10 times, patients have increased their compliance by 2.4 times, follow-up visits and consultations have increased in real time to 100%, and patient satisfaction has increased to 98%.
Xiaoyang County in Kai District, Xiaoyang City in Henan Province, and Xibo City in Shandong Province, are winning the bid. Figure 46: A demonstration of the functions of the “Slow Disease Management Platform”
The resources allocated to health care are unevenly distributed, and there is considerable resistance from the level-III hospital system. Only 8% of the hospitals in China ' s three-tier hospital system are level-III hospitals, mainly located in large cities, which handle as many as 50% of outpatients. Most of the health care resources are currently located in large cities, with little coverage at the grass-roots level, but rural people are living in rural areas.
In urban centres, regional hospitals are overcrowded, while primary hospitals are difficult to share because of inadequate medical capacity. The government has put in place a policy of intensive grass-roots health-care systems, and companies have built intelligent medical products with policies at their core.
In 2009, the reform of medicine was intensified, and primary health-related policies have focused on building hardware to supplement soft power. In particular, after the 2020 epidemic, a series of grass-roots health-care policies have been published, accelerating the pace of grass-roots health-care construction.
Table 10: Policy on Primary Health Care: As an ecological leader in the field of primary health care, the programme is designed to enhance capacity in primary health care by means of a three-pronged strategy: (a) a system of intelligent medical products with primary health-care policies at its core;
(ii) To create an eco-oriented approach to the b-side, based on the immediate needs of doctors and the efficiency of their work; and (iii) to provide family doctor follow-up, slow-disease management, etc.
A virtuous cycle of financial input. 3.3 Synergies between other priority operations and the one. The Big Star Model is accelerating the empowerment of other operations, the results of which include, inter alia:
In the area of motor vehicles: On May 6, the company officially released a large satellite fire awareness model for the industry, and the results of the interactive application of a motor vehicle machine based on a large satellite fire awareness model were published, attracting high interest from the industry. The company has established a comprehensive product service system for the area of motor intelligence and digitization, which includes the provision of intelligence.
Site solutions such as interactive, intelligent sound, smart seating, intelligent driving, in the office area: consumer-type products are continuously updated over time under the Constellation Fire Awareness Large Model, based on online application of high model capabilities such as synonyms, minutes, one-key scripts, etc.
More intelligent and efficient, and more comfortable. Based on the Big Star Cognitive Model, consumer hardware continues to lead the industry, with an increase of 64% in sales of smart office books, translators, audio pen series over a full cycle, and multiple product groups that have continuously won sales champions on the Kyoto, Skycat and Twin Platforms.
In the area of justice: directed towards the area of judicial operations, the Quest continues to lead the overall planning and landing of the wisdom court of the Supreme People's Court, the brain and the artificial intelligence platform, further advancing artificial intelligence in the full-flow intelligence, the efficient handling of support services, the management of all aspects of judicial supervision and the application of big data depth.
In the area of finance: the Starburst smart customer service solution for banks, insurance, securities industry offers end-to-end smart customer service solutions that can achieve coverage of state-owned banks, state-owned insurance companies, stock-based silver.
The smooth upgrading of the products of more than 70 financial institutions across the country, such as the Quest, the City Chamber and others, provides financial institutions with pre- and end-of-life process intelligence services. Figure 48: Synergy between other priority operations and the `i'
The Great Starfire Model accelerates traditional business such as car, office, justice, finance, office books/translators, etc.
Starburst Smart Service Solutions 618 full-cycle smart office books, flips, court trial supervision, the law of the Attorney General's Office.
State-owned banks, state-owned insurance public translator, recorder series sales are more visible than Starfleet applications.
Oversight and disciplinary committee Basic Public Authority Department, stock-based banks, municipal comptoirs, etc.
Model low-level capability development vehicle-borne voice intelligence, full process, full cycle, 70 or more financial institutions in the country
The Skycats two-way platform has a one-stop shop that can assist in visualization and intelligence.
Profit forecasting and investment recommendation 4.1 Profit projection assumptions split with business Company as a leading business in the country, based on annual reports and audit reports
The main operations involved in the flight are assumed and predicted as follows: 1) The company’s education track is the first to integrate the g-b-c, to move in three ways, and to respond to the country’s major educational imperatives.
In the broader context of the reform of the educational system, the education track as the core business of the company is expected to generate income for 2023-2025.
2. Smart medicine: the company, as the ecological leader in the field of i-health, created a three-dimensional system of smart medical products with a three-dimensional g-b-c layout, in which (1) intelligent medical products are relevant to the policy of the Government at the grass-roots level; (2) applied to the hospital at the end of the hospital with the immediate need of an intellectual medical assistant to improve the capacity of doctors to conduct consultations.
Work efficiency; 3) At the end of the population, the functions of family doctor follow-up, slow-disease management, etc. are provided.
In recent years, as the company’s core business, the Smart Medical Track has been at the bottom of the system and the product scale, and is about to enter the track dividend period. Revenue growth is expected to be high in 2023-2025, and 3) the company’s smart cities are separated by ai+expert wisdom+multidimensional data in depth.
Traditional integrator. Through this model, companies adopt corresponding individualized customized programs for their line of business, creating a system that combines “city brain” with industry mind applications that will benefit fully in the future from earlier planning and input, with the prospect of a sustained increase in the Māori rate.
And the multilayered smart city system is closely linked to the entire process of city operations, involving production, life, governance, digital government, smart government, smart law, smart parks, intelligent construction, and the construction of a "ai+data base" model to build people's applications to reach end-users.
Eventually, it's based on a partnership portal, supported by a structured operating tool, to form a sustainable tether ring, eventually feeding the products back to a positive and closed circle. Here, 4) Consumer business: the company starts with the core technology of its own autonomy, leaving behind the need for hardware and software.
Product roll-out, combined with improved long-term marketing channels, to build back demand data, and thus to keep moving up, creating a virtuous circle of “technology-product-up”, leading to the market share and industry position of multiple products, large and highly loyal user groups, and mapping competitive advantages and advantages.
(a) At the technical level: with the international leading source technology, the key core technologies of artificial intelligence remain at the national level, especially smart voice technology, which is the country's first-tier team;
A large number of faithful user groups are created, based on a wealth of ai capabilities and hardware and hardware products. Consumers account for a high proportion of business, which is strategic to corporate development and can be effectively supported.
5) Smart car business: The ultimate form of car intelligence is a full-scale, modeled intelligent interaction.
The software and hardware of the ultimate Fugitive Fish Audio Management System is a two-wheel drive. At the same time, the Open Platform has accelerated commercialization and consolidated industry resources through the cloud-chip-end alot biosphere.
The release of a new generation of lon 5.0ai, a science and intelligence module based on Chiré Autonomy, is expected to grow faster over the next three years, taking into account the 2023h1 car company, as a leading company in the country for artificial intelligence, and looking positively at the layout and application of the big model of Quasi.
The market value is 101x, 67x, and 45x on 23rd. Referencea to the main one software application, 47x, there is still room for upgrading and maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The polar pattern, where each of the protagonists and industry leads are gradually developing systems, and companies face the same product homogeneity 2. New business will not advance as expected: the company will land and will continue to produce new and relevant product updates, and too fast and too many product systems will not move as fast as expected;
3. User growth is not as high as the expected risk: companies benefit from a positive closing of technology-product-data feedback, and the effective feedback of data depends on a high degree of sticky user growth. If users grow less than expected, there is a break in the net asset rate of return.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.