Computers, technology, business focus.
The company is one of the vanguards of the artificial intelligence industry, continuing to pursue a strategy of “situation” in pursuit of international leadership in nuclear technology and large-scale industrialization of technological achievements. So our analysis of the company is also centred on both technological progress and the focus of its applications.
In the long term, the technological progress of the one continues to widen the scope for company applications. Since its inception, the company has experienced several rounds of industrial technological innovation, whether in the gmm-hmm structure, in depth or market value (RMK): $53.34.
It was the transformer period that kept technology ahead, and the application scene that went from telecommunications to education, health, law and finance, with compound growth of 37.2 per cent between 2009 and 2022.
The model still has the advantage of being the country’s first-tier team, with autonomously controlled artificial intelligence teams, a well-established research and development team, a rich industry landscape, and data resources. At the end of the application, in addition to the products already available with the Big Star model, the company has also launched a communication.
In the medium term, the company’s education-led industrial applications have adopted a combined g-b-c strategy, and it is expected that the success stories will be replicated in other industries. As the application matures,
The company's line of business went from more than 170 lines of focus during the booming innovation period to eight main lines of industry, with the highest share of the education sector, reaching 32.7 per cent in 2022, the most successful sector in the company's transition from g to c: taking up the test at the g end and running it.
The company’s smart medicine business is also available through g-tech assistants, b-side medical assistants, and b-side medical consultations.
In the short term, the company’s strategic focus has led to an increase in per capita benefits in recent years. Starting in 2019, the company entered the ai 2.0 period of scale application, and the company made some non-heaviness.
Point industries have been decentralized to open platforms, with revenue rising from 8.6 per cent in 2018 to a healthy development track, with partial project delivery affected in 2022, and supply chains under pressure from overseas and outside the limits of the United States.
Profit forecasts, valuations, and ratings. We value companies using the market sales rate method and select three comparable companies, giving macroeconomic downside risks; ai technological advances less than expected; international relations risks; and executives.
The company is one of the champions of the artificial intelligence industry. Since starting a business in 1999, it has been working on core artificial intelligence technologies such as smart voice, natural language understanding, machine learning reasoning, and self-learning, and has always maintained the international front-line technology.
As the Division continues to pursue its strategy of “Access Day (maintain international leadership in core technology)” and “Standing the ground” (a large-scale industrialization of technology outcomes), our analysis of companies also revolves around both the technological advances and the focus of their applications.
The company has experienced several rounds of technological innovation in industry since its inception. The development of voice technology has seen three rounds of greater progress in the gmm-hmm architecture (the Gauss Mixed-Hinmarkov model), in-depth learning and the transformer architecture: correspondingly, the language.
At the time of the company’s establishment in 1999, the gmm-hmm architecture dominated speech recognition technology, with Chinese speech recognition technology based on ibm, Microsoft, Motorola, etc.
The growth has been slow, but the company has accumulated a lot in the area of Chinese speech recognition: according to Sadie ' s consultant and company equity calls notes, the company ' s market share in 2006 reached 73.4 per cent, catching up with large overseas plants in the Chinese speech synthesis market, where the accuracy of speech recognition technology is only about 80 per cent and can be applied to telecentres, etc.
At this stage, despite a relatively rapid increase in harvests, the Division has had limited applications and low market space ceilings. In the area of voice recognition, Deepneurnetworksforaucusticmodelingin was published.
In contrast to the gmm-hmm algorithm, the voice recognition system error rate, based on deep learning, has been reduced by more than 30%. Microsoft, in collaboration with Hinton, has applied deep learning to speech recognition, which has led to a steady reduction in the rate of error in terms.
During 2010-2012, Microsoft Dunley held several academic discussions with the company, and it became one of the world’s earlier companies that applied deep learning technology to voice. In October 2011, Apple spearheaded the launch of smart voice assistant Siri in iphone, and Google and 100-degree technology giants followed up quickly.
In 2016, a team led by Microsoft Chief Voice Scientist Huang Hae-dong reached a dialogue voice recognition error rate of 5.9%, which was first achieved at the same level as a professional stenographer and better than a regular person.
Performance is considered to be one of the historic breakthroughs in the ai field. As a result of technological advances, speech recognition has been applied in more settings, and companies have continued to deepen their ai applications in education, health, law, finance, etc. At the same time, for the first time in 2014, the accuracy of face recognition algorithms outpaced human eyes, and computer visualization has advanced rapidly.
As a result, in 2014, the company officially launched the "Scope Brain" artificial intelligence program, extending from smart voice technology to at most model interactions. In 2017, the Google Transformer architecture solved the problem of large-scale parallel calculations, unifying them.
Cv and nlp, the era of the “big model” has begun. In November 2022, open-source chhatgpt led the wave of the generation of large models. The company also launched the “1+n Big Cognitive Model Technology and Applications” in December 2022, with the sale of consumer hardware products such as study machines, office books, etc.
In May-June 2023, the company’s c-side hardware gmv was at an all-time high, with a doubling of the year-to-year increase. The number of learning machines in May and June gmv grew by 136% and 217%, respectively;
In early 2023, the company released an iterative timetable for the Big Star model and offered to match the sign chhatgpt on October 24, 2023, to a level that is beyond Chinese and comparable to English.
In early 2022, the company officially launched a 2030 major project, designed to give every family a robot that can deliver water, accompany services, and care for health. Despite the great age of modeling, the company’s big starlight model is still the country’s first-tier team, and this is a major benefit.
The company's unique competitive advantage: autonomously controlled artificial intelligence teams. 1) The company is a representative enterprise with mixed ownership, with China moving its shareholdings.