In the first place, it rose by 9.41% in a day! Central Europe, rich and rich, and what kind of love, and 32 times higher between regions, was once the leader of the pharmaceutical industry, which was often put together with Hsing-suk.
But this does not affect the many institutional investors who love it. Institutional investors like the Central European Fund, the summer fund, the credit fund, and the remittance and enrichment fund are its shareholders.
On the evening of February 24, it issued an announcement that its co-director had accepted the application for registration of Kate Car-t's products. This was a one-day increase of 9.41% very soon. According to the three-quarters report in 2019, its operating income was $21.228 billion, an increase of 17.01%, compared to the net profit of the mother.
Two hundred and sixty million yuan, an increase of 1.45 per cent in the same year; investment returns of 1,537 million yuan, representing 74 per cent of net profits; and a leader in running a business. However, its business model is very special. Half the profits of its main business, in terms of the structure of the profits of its main business, are also significant for star companies.
The parent company, which is a national pharmaceutical producer, has also established a joint venture with the da Vinci robot. So, rather than a pharmaceutical company, it's a “portfolio” of medicine.
In May 2019, they were approved for the first time in the country. At the same time, other bio-like drugs have entered clinical stage 3 and are expected to enter in the next 1-2 years.
For example, just a few days ago, in February 2020, it established a joint venture with Kate's company, Rensaka Kate, to produce a car-t-to-product (tentative commodity name: Ikillian injection fluid), which became the country's first-time car-t product. A similar business model of “Medium-to-Purpose” in the field of medicine, in fact, has mature cases in overseas markets, for example,
And here comes a few questions that deserve our in-depth consideration: 1) From the perspective of pharmaceutical companies, the core competitiveness lies in the strength of pharmaceutical research and development, especially in the light of the current reform of pharmaceutical policy.
In this context, encouraging innovation research and development becomes the dominant theme of the industry. So, what are the interesting drugs in this case on the pipeline, and what are the potential for future income growth?
Today, we start with this case and study modelling logic in the field of medicine. For related industries, we have studied Heung Suk, Ip, Chinese biopharmaceuticals, Han Sen, Wahlan Biology, Boya, etc., and have looked at the "Professional Modeling Case" of the Yogurts Team.
In addition, the Central European Fund, the Huaxia Fund, the Kaguya Fund, and the Richming Fund are institutional investors.
(c) The impact of lower profits or losses of subsidiaries (e.g., the implementation of employee incentive schemes in the Hong Kong Pharmacy industry, the fall in profits in the O-Hong Pharmacy industry) or the impairment of goodwill (the subsidiary breas). 75 per cent of the income structure, followed by medical devices and diagnostics (15 per cent), medical care
Pharmaceutical manufacturing and research - mainly in the seven main areas of anti-infection, metabolic and digestive systems, cardiovascular, central nervous systems, raw materials and intermediates, blood systems, anti-cancer, etc.
Medical devices and diagnostics - mainly beauty medical devices, medical devices, etc.
Thus, in terms of the composition of operating profits, the share of operating profits in the main business is 43 per cent of total operating profits, and the share of operating profits in investment returns and fair value changes is 53 per cent. (Note, here is the point of study and the point of risk, if actual, need to be systematized for its portfolio.)
In terms of the industrial chain, the top five suppliers have a low concentration of 9.28 per cent of total purchases, while the top five customers have a low concentration of 15.1 per cent of total sales, as shown by the industry chain.
This business has formed a unique financial reporting structure in this case: before modelling, we look at a basic set of data compiled by Merger and Purchasing: Year, 2013, 2018.
2003 — on the one hand, because of its acquisition of guilin pharmaceuticals, recreational pharmaceuticals, and their completion and tabulation; on the other hand, because of its “SARS” influence, the income from pharmaceutical commercial operations grew faster in that year; on the other hand, in 2011 — income from products of its subsidiaries, such as Atomolam, increased faster; and on the other hand, by
In late 2010, it acquired the US-China Mutual Benefit Medical Devices Corporation, and in 2011 it had a combined income. 2013 – on the one hand, income from its pharmaceutical business, medical diagnostics, and manufacturing of medical equipment increased faster, and on the other hand, income from its newly acquired enterprises and schedules increased.
2018 – Mainly because of their merger, glandpharma and other companies achieved their own convergences, which led to a higher rate of income growth than by collating it, which is largely linked to M&As. That is, it is different from the pharmaceutical industry that we have studied in the past, which relies mainly on endogenous factors to drive growth, and mainly on M&As to boost entry.
From the point of view of investment, it is invested not only in the form of stock holding, but also through the formation of long-term equity investments, tradable financial assets. Since 2001, the return on investment has been a share of operating profits, and therefore, two problems have to be solved if we want to model re-starry medicine:
1) Although the profits of its main business are currently relatively low, is there a variety of explosives or potential in the list of products of its subsidiary? Is there a potential heavy weight product in the pipeline? (2) How do we value the return on investment, as well as long-term equity investment, of an investment-oriented enterprise?
Due to the special business structure of the remixing medicine, we forecast its profits in two parts: 1) the profits of the main business - that is, the profits of its subsidiary income; 2) the profits of the investment - including investment enterprises held in the form of long-term equity investments, tradable financial assets, etc.
As a part of the operation, it is integrated into ebit as a cash flow generated by its operations, and since it is divided into three major segments, the growth of the pharmaceutical plate has increased in recent years.
Because of the variety of drugs on the star, but because of the lack of details of the product, we have chosen the ones that are already on the market, which have the potential to predict – excellent generalizations (common name: non-buzzograms), which were listed in 2013, as a generic drug, mainly for the treatment of gout.
In 2016, the global sales of the drug was $633 million, an increase of 7.7 per cent over the previous year, and is now covered by health insurance. This case, as a generic drug, has also been growing rapidly since it was listed, with sales in 2018 amounting to around $600 million.
Sales are still growing at a rate of more than 100%. They are able to achieve such a high rate, mainly because of the number of non-Buddds, which, according to the report, are better than other types of products already on the market and quickly capture the market share of the competition.
City share*. First, looking at the size of the market -- gouts, due to higher levels of urinary acid in the body, caused the deposition of urinates in joints and kidneys, mainly causing disease.
Reasons include eating, obesity, taking certain medications and family history. Clinical features are acute, joints with severe pain, edema, red swelling, and inflammation.
The incidence of gouts in our country is around 5%, with nearly 80 million gout patients and an increase of 9.7% per year, the second-largest metabolic disease in our country. Of these, the ratio of men to women is around 20:1.In 2018, the market for anti-goat medicines was about 1.8 billion yuan, an increase of 83.55%.
The model has always been growing at a high rate, reaching about 41 per cent of compound growth in the past five years, and is a clear growth track. 41 per cent, then gradually dropping to the annual growth rate of gout patients (9.7 per cent). Second, look at the non-Buzz-heavy city coverage.
Currently, anti-gang medicines available on the market can be divided into three broad categories: 1) urinary acid excretion agents: phenylbromomalone, brimstone, urat1 inhibitors; 2) urea inhibitor generators: bisalol, non-busita:
3) Anti-white cell-aggressive drugs: Autumn water pine, of which aqueous water silicon is used for acute dysentery, which is largely dependent on urinary acid inhibitors and boosters, but due to the liver toxicity and high incidence of benzbrominated malone; culpable sulfur is difficult when the kidney function is lightly reduced
He's got a higher number of urinary acids and a smaller number of side effects than his urinary acids. So, he's been the focus of the market since he was listed. In 2018, he was sold in our sample hospital, accounting for 73.12% of the market for urinary drugs.
Diagram: The competitive pattern of gout medicines (in %) The drug used to treat gouts is slow, and the non-Buzz is a very small number of highly urinary hemorrhage treatments approved by fda for nearly 40 years. Thus, M&A assumes that in 2019-2023, the non-Budds’ share of the city will remain at its current level.
Here, too, is a risk point and research point for the future of the case, which could be hit if carried out. Third, if you look at the situation on the ground, then look at the current city position (which is run by the Quest Medical Corporation, Jiangsuwan State) - in 2018, Jiangsuvan State ranked the highest in the sample hospital at 46.7%. However, given the current research plant,
There are at least six families, and the future competition for this drug will be more intense. So, let's assume that for the last five years, the city’s share has been maintained, and the prospects and risks of the core drug have been addressed.
A simple forecast by industry is due mainly to the increase in sales of herbal acid Esciprograms (departure), pelican sulfur tablets (starter), and the resumption of sales of sero-protein injection fluids (Odkin).
Thus, the Merger Mergers assumed that the business income in 2019 would remain the same as it was reported in mid-2019, and that the following five years would gradually realize an income of $260 million, an increase of 2.47 per cent over the same period. In the first half of 2019, there was a decline in income growth for the business, but the reasons were not disclosed in the semi-annual reports.
The M & As assumption is that in 2019 the business income was maintained at the same level as in 2018, and that in the following five years it gradually returned to the industry ' s average acid series price adjustment.
In 2018, it received 2,563 million yuan, an increase of 22.72%. In the first half of 2019, it earned 1.46 billion yuan, an increase of the same amount.
Jci certified as the first country to adopt the sixth edition of the Jci standard, the Tri-A private hospital, whose income in 2018 amounted to 54 per cent of the operating income. Its income grew at an average rate of almost three years (23 per cent) and then gradually fell to the internal growth rate of the Jin City hospital.
In 2018, it earned 3,639 million yuan, an increase of 13.22 per cent. In the first half of 2019, it earned 1,797 million yuan, an increase of the same amount.
In the first half of 2019, income grew at a lower rate than in the same period of the previous year (9.23 per cent), mainly because of the transfer of the Da Vinci robot, which was originally a proxy for intuitive surgery, to the conglomerate in 2019. (This revenue has since been severed and recorded in the form of investment returns.)
Da Vinci Robots, developed by American Intuitive Surgery Corporation, was listed in 2000. During the 20 years of patent protection, Intuitive Surgery Markets took over. However, with the expiry of its first batch of patents in 2017, companies, including four giant medical instruments such as Madon Li, Johnson, Siemens, Scheffer, and others, began to deploy surgical robots.
With regard to intuitive surgery, it is necessary to understand that, since every time a medical device turns up, it is a clinical case and practical experience that has been drawn up by a large number of experts, which, together with the high cost of conversion, requires a significant retraining of doctors. As a result, the current sale of Da Vinci robots is one of the most expensive.
As it does not disclose a detailed income structure, Merger Merger is only a simplified forecast. As the effect of the decline in revenue from agent da Vinci's income fades, it can recover to a level close to that of industry, assuming that its income growth has gradually risen from 10% in 2019 to the industry average.
Well, here we have completed the income projections for our existing operations and medicines. And, more importantly, what is it doing in the pipeline? Currently, it has 233 studies of innovative medicines, imitators, bio-like drugs, and imitators consistency assessments.
At present, its innovation program is in its early stages as a whole. From the layout of the pipeline, it is mainly in the areas of swelling, metabolic diseases, self-immunisation, and anti-infection.
Here, for example, we give details of the prediction process of the Leito Veterans (R&D) which was listed in May 2019, while the projections of other core research products, due to their length, are detailed in the Excel Model Table, which can be viewed in the Professional Modelling Casebook, which is not detailed here.
The original drug, Merohua, Rhodes, was 2.5 billion yuan in 2018. It is now included in the health-care catalogue. With respect to the income forecast of the Ledols, we use the municipal method: the Ledols vs. the Ledols vs. the size of the market for the Ledols vs.
1) The size of the market for Ledochrome antibiotic-like medicines was 2.5 billion yuan in 2018, all of which were taken over by the original drug Rhodes. The annual compound increase in market size was 17.2% in 2014-2018.
According to Frost Sullivan's projections, the size of our once-resistible biologically-like drug market rose from 500 million yuan in 2019 to 5.5 billion yuan in 2028.) The city of Hong Kong took over.
At present, despite the fact that it has been put on the market, there is only one single antibiotic drug. Except for this case, six companies, including Chinese biopharmaceuticals, Xindas, Haizheng Pharmacy, etc., are conducting clinical trials, and are all in a bed of three or more. Of these, the biopharmaceuticals of the Sindha have been submitted for listing.
Therefore, we conservatively assume that in 2019 it will be able to take over the market for all biologically similar medicines. After 2020, as other biologically similar drugs gradually become available, the rate of urbanization will decline. However, given the pre-emptive advantage, the assumption is that, in addition to self-researching, the re-stardry medicine will be acquired through the purchase of new drugs.
The method of license-in acquires the right to sell avocado paps in the interior of akarx and in Hong Kong, China. At present, avocado paps are used mainly for the treatment of plate reduction (cit) caused by oncological chemotherapy.
As a result of the study, the various operations have been analysed, although a single projection method is not necessarily sound, and more needs to be done
The return on investment in pharmaceutical companies should also be accounted for in the profits of their main business. So, how do you predict this share of investment?
In terms of investment modalities, there are two main aspects: first, holding a subsidiary, realization and presentation: second, acquisition of a small number of shareholders, as joint or joint ventures, taking into account long-term equity investments, other non-current financial assets, other equity workers' investments, etc., and the resulting profits are included in investment returns, fair value changes, etc.
We will not dwell on the income of the subsidiaries that have been realized and listed above. Here, we are looking at how much investment returns can be made by their associations, joint ventures, and, in terms of the number of companies that have invested, one joint venture and 19 joint ventures.
So, both in terms of the ratio of assets and in terms of the profits they contribute, these companies are the core. But, because of when they buy, how much they buy, it is difficult to predict on the basis of history.
Therefore, we assume that the book value of its future investment-type assets is maintained at the current level, that the return on the investment generated by the investing enterprise is given to the remix medicine in the form of a bonus, that the return on the investment is fully credited to its free cash flow, and that the estimated return on the investment represents 84 per cent of the total investment return and 74 per cent reported in 2019. (So, here too, there is a trade-off.)
Research points, field research needs to look closely at the state of medicine production, the distribution of profits) and, as their joint venture returns to the market in February 2020 for car-t therapy from Kate, it will soon be lost and will contribute some investment returns to the future.
By the end of 2018, it had covered 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of the country, with 97 per cent coverage at the territorial level and 98 per cent at the district level.
The level of field coverage is high, and we broadly assume that the rate of growth in our future earnings is consistent with the rate of increase in the size of our pharmaceutical market, which is expected to grow at a rate similar to that of Japan, based on a previous analysis of the future of the share of national medicines (for more details, see the Professional Modelling Casebook), which is influenced by the price reduction policies for medicines such as the purchase of visual pre-loads.
So, let's assume that: 2) 2020-2025: the price of drugs continues to fall, and that the implementation of drigs will require the possibility of increasing the catalogue in the future, but not in the same way as in Japan. So, the market.
So we assume that its market size is gradually decreasing to zero. Simultaneous pharmaceutical growth is returning to the level of the forecasted gdp (5%). After the speed of the increase is resolved, the profit issue is also resolved. Here, M&A assumes a profit margin level -- assuming it is.
Future rates are largely stable, and Māori rates are likely to fall in the future as a result of policies such as price reduction for medicines. So, here we set the scenario switch: (2) Conservative assumptions — that Māori rates will fall in the future as a result of price reduction policies, and therefore we will drag off net interest rates.
The average net interest rate (1.2 per cent) was gradually restored to Japan’s leader in the medical circulation industry. So, the country’s drug supply was settled. And then, the rest, what would be the future? And then we looked at the starboard Kate--
In February, it was officially marketed, and the commodity name is tentatively called the lukewarms, and it is produced and sold in China, mainly for the treatment of re-emerging large b-cell lymphoma in adults. Note, this is a heavy-pound incident in our pharmaceutical industry.
For the income from this drug, which is $278 million (equivalent to approximately $1.9 billion), we use a volume-priced method to forecast the income from the Ikillionaire injection fluid = price of the large b-cell lymphoma *car-t penetration rate*.
1) Large b-cell lymphoma — At present, there are 476 000 patients with large b-cell lymphoma, which is growing at a rate of 3 to 5 per cent. Therefore, we assume that the number of cases increased at the current level during the forecast period at an annual rate of 4 per cent. 2) Car-t penetration rates — according to institutional projections, can reach a peak of 30 per cent for car-t therapy.
3) Prices — The market currently expects that the price after listing will be between $200,000 and $250,000. So, we (4) have a market share — currently, although reinstar Kate is the first-ever-listed car-t therapy, there are more researchers and more competition. But, given its pre-emergent advantage, and its strong marketing capacity, let's assume its market.
The net interest rate is forecast to be in a state of temporary loss because it still has no income. We are optimistic that when the drug is on the market, the net interest rate will reach the average of Hen Swe and Chinese biopharmaceuticals (24%).
The profits will also rise as they continue to make profits. So, Merger Mergers assumes that the investment contributed by the two companies is here and that we have finished projecting their income and return on investment, so where does it burn on the profit table?
The forecast of net profits begins with ebitda, and we split the forecast of the ebitda rate into four major blocks: cost, overhead, R & D, and sales costs. Note that the above-mentioned three calibers have been depreciated and amortized.
More frequently, it covers both the higher Maori-prevalence pharmaceutical business and the lower Maori-prevalence drug and medical services business. The lower Māori rate in Sin States is mainly due to the fact that its core business is the lower Māori-trading drug and medical services business.
In comparison with the industry, in 2018, it had a sales cost of 5,300 sales teams, including more than 1,000 overseas. At the same time, its sales capacity was recognized by large domestic and foreign players, working with intuitive surgeons, Gilled, and working with Chinese bio-marketers.
So we assume that the cost of selling it will remain at the level of the third quarter of 2019. So we assume that the cost of administering it will remain at the level of 2018.
On the one hand, because of its relatively small R & D investment; on the other hand, because of its high rate of capitalization, it reached 40% in 2018, which is higher than that of other peer companies. Here, three important indicators of the growth, return on investment, and profitability of re-starry medicine have been addressed.
We build the balance sheet. Here, the two key assumptions that affect the free cash flow of the enterprise - capital spending on re-starry medicine, mainly because of the purchase of buildings, equipment, etc. The capital expenditure invested in 2018 was 32.92 billion yuan, mainly for the renovation of gmp, the construction and expansion of plants, the purchase of equipment, etc.
In terms of asset structure, its fixed assets accounted for 10.04 per cent of total assets in 2018 and construction in progress accounted for a reasonable assumption of capital expenditure by Mergers and Acquisitions: 1) fixed assets — because of their historical acquisition of fixed assets as a lower proportion of income, we assume that ratio
2) Construction in progress - considering that its current construction is mainly a plant, office building, etc., which is not sustainable in the future, we assume that its construction in progress as a proportion of the net fixed asset value of the previous year has gradually declined from the current level to the level of Hen Swe medicine (7%), and that construction in progress as a proportion of the construction work in progress in the previous year assumes that it maintains an average of water for the last five years
(3) Depreciation - Depreciation is divided into fixed assets held + new fixed assets where we assume that the depreciation of the fixed assets held is reduced annually by 10 per cent of the current depreciation rate (with a residual value of 5 per cent based on the depreciation age of 10 years); the new fixed assets are depreciated by straight-line method, with a depreciation age of 10 years and a residual value of 5 per cent.
4) Intangible assets — because of their historical acquisition of intangible assets as a low proportion of income, so we assume that this ratio 5) amortization of intangible assets — to reach an average of almost five years. 6) Long-term unamortized costs — because new growth expectations are less costly and stable, so we assume new growth expectations
The share of amortization costs in income is maintained at the average of almost four years; the share of amortization costs in the long-term to be amortized at the beginning of the period is substantially maintained at the average of almost five years; by this time, capital expenditure, depreciation amortization projections have been completed, and we look at another large variable of free cash flows — this one.
What about the operating capital, and the right to speak on the chain of business, we look at it separately: 1) Downstream voice rights - mainly receivables, advance receipts.
By historical data, the turnover rate of accounts receivable is stable. By comparison with the industry, it is at average industry level. Thus, Merger Merger assumes that its receivables represent income and remain at the average level for nearly five years.
2) Upstream speech - predominantly accounts payable, advances, historical data show that the share of accounts payable in costs increased significantly in 2017, mainly because of the acquisition in 2017 of the Indian Injecting Drug Manufacturing Enterprise, glandpharma.
Thus, M&A assumes that the share of the projected accounts payable as a percentage of costs remains at the average level for almost two years. Moreover, because of the low and stable share of the advance in costs, we assume that this share remains close to hearing during the forecast period, and we look at how efficient its operations are — the stock turnover rate.
In contrast to industry, its stock turnover is at a higher level than industry, but the overall difference is small. Thus, we assume that its stock as a share of costs remains at the average of almost two years during the forecast period.
The following are the assumptions for concentration. To study this, several of the main variables in the valuation model have been identified. When the hypothesis is solved, the modelling is the water-to-dip process. All of the above is for table Excel to calculate the model.
Before doing so, let's take a look at the basics of the case: 1) The rate of income growth - not a single item in terms of the products that are currently on the market.
In the near-marketing period, the Division's products will be able to contribute more income growth in the future. (2) Income drivers - in the short term, depending mainly on the growth of income from its existing products and on the marketing of its new products: in the long run, as a result of some expectations of mergers and acquisitions, future revenue booms will still have to be followed.
By M & As drive. Moreover, particular attention needs to be paid to its configuration in car-t, surgical robotics, which is typical of “global resources, local marriage”, the ability of which is difficult for other pharmaceutical companies to acquire, and the growing number of products that believe in similar patterns in the future.
4) Core moats — first, in their own R & D capacity; second, in their capital operating capacity. (5) Risk factors — risk should also be highlighted. First, while they have historically contributed more to it by means of equity acquisitions, they have also generated higher goodwill, and their reputation as a proportion of net assets.
Twenty-six per cent, if the company they acquired in the future fails to meet the standards, will have a greater risk of impairment of goodwill. Second, the capitalization of R & D costs will affect the profitability of profits. Third, the return on investment recognizes the adjustment risk that lies behind. So, based on all the above analysis, we go into the key part of this report - financial model construction, financial statements.
Equilibrium, free cash flow projections, data modelling calculations, and excel modelling tables . . . . . . . . . and detailed valuation modelling tables for selected focus companies.
In the case of Kimshan office, smart nine, Evert, for example, the modeling part of the valuation, as follows:
In the next report, we will address the following major issues in the case, along the lines mentioned above. Only by thinking clearly about these issues will we be able to fully understand the company and form a logical link.
Industrial logic alone makes it possible to move across the secondary market -- but, in fact, if the two factors of valuation modelling and financial risk are not clarified, there is still a risk of great disaster: 1) In the financial modelling process in this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies, and the data range is available.
What difference, if any, is there something to think about? Are there any differences between large domestic and foreign firms? 2) Is it logical to combine relative valuations, absolute valuations, and the resulting valuation zones? Where are the differences? Where are the factors? What is the impact of Wacc and the acceleration on valuations if there is a sensitivity analysis?
3) In this case, one of the most important elements of the industry chain — how does the choice of different methods differ in the valuation modelling process in this case? How should all financial projections be combined to form a closed ring for the valuation modelling series?
4) After the pre-surge and collapse, many people may be panicking and dying at night -- so, is the value of this case, what kind of area is it, expensive or cheap? Because of the details of the public report, there will be a conflict with the payer of the merger and purchase of the eugenic report, and therefore, the merger buys the eugenic report.
In this case, it will be updated to the ‘core product one: a professional version of the report’ of the elite team, which will scan the bottom two-dimensional code, obtain details of the valuation modelling of the case, and the financial risks involved.
In addition to this case, we have to add a staff micro-letter: ys_dsj.
You have to learn these things... low-value, security edges, these eight words, which can be said to be the true core of the value investment research system, and also Bafeit, Charlie Munger, Seth Callaman, Peter Lynch, John Neve, Joel Greenbrattt and others.
You can only live in the market if you have skills in financial analysis, industrial analysis, riverine analysis, valuation analysis, portfolio analysis.
But since valuation is not just a measure of data, it also needs to be based on an understanding of the market, an analysis of the industry, and a rigorous calculation of data, the area of expertise is extremely high, often daunting, and therefore resource-restrictive.
This is a huge bottleneck in the career development and investment systems of our marketers, and that is the direction that the M&A team will work for for the rest of its life -- together with us, we'll hit the cards every day for 10 years to study 10,000 companies.
We've been thinking about the research system for almost five years, hundreds of research cases for nearly three years, and hundreds of excellent valuation reports, all of which are concentrated in this library, on the one hand, the merger.
We're a group of researchers that focus on deep corporate research. This library, which enriches our research excellence, is a guide for all users of the M&A. I hope you'll get what you want: you'll get what you want every day you want.
Reprinting, copying, copying) Content: We are only responsible for financial analysis, industrial research, content research, for information purposes only, and do not support any form of decision-making basis, nor any form of investment proposal. This paper is based on public corporate attributes, organized in accordance with their statutory obligations to publicly disclose information on financial disclosure, auditing, advertising, etc., to the public, and does not backtrack future changes.
Books, any future changes are irrelevant. We try to be accurate, but we don't guarantee their completeness, accuracy, timeliness. Markets are risky, and research needs to be cautious. 3) With regard to the subject matter, financial modelling reports are very voluminous, covering only some of the priority industries and cases, and do not guarantee that all the cases you need are covered.
All content is the only export, not responsible for any other platform content, and part of the data in this case we [Data Support] study, supported by the following institutions, thank you -- the domestic city, Reuters, with no rankings. These institutions are essential if we are to do a professional study of the domestic and external securities market.
If you're interested in purchasing the data terminals of the above agencies, you're welcome to contact us, and we'll be responsible for contacting them.