The strategic layout of "Parts + Products", which can wear equipment to drive growth in performance, Gore shares (002241.sz) increased by 44.73 per cent on a year-on-year basis; the net profit from non-repatriation was $299 million, an increase of 85.69 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
\triangleright’s effectiveness in reducing capital costs highlights a marked increase in profitability during the quarter: in the first quarter of 2020, the company achieved a profit of $6.474 billion, an increase of 13.47 per cent over the previous quarter; the gross interest rate of 18.23 per cent, an increase of 1.44 pt over the same period, an increase of 4.34 pt over the same period; the net profit from repatriation of $294 million, an increase of 44.73 per cent over the same period; the corresponding net interest rate of 4.54 per cent.
The increase in corporate profitability during the first quarter is more evident, especially in the face of the severe impact of the epidemic, and can be seen as a significant improvement in the efficiency of corporate controls. A clear growth path around the strategic layout of “parts plus finished” is built: company parts are mostly composed of zero components in the areas of voice, light, and electricity, while the finished business is based on parts.
In recent years, companies have actively expanded market opportunities beyond smart machines, layouts tws headphones, vr/ar, etc., in the smart market.
At the same time, the company is the world’s leading provider of electronics components, and the synergies between the core components and the final product have been highlighted, further enhancing its competitiveness. On downstream markets, Apple’s ability to wear a business of 1q20 received $6.28 billion, an increase of 22.5%, is the strongest piece of its business.
In 2020, the volume of airpods will reach 95 million, an increase of about 50% over the same period.
The company is also actively promoting its own series of smart watches. Gore, as the odm/jdm leader of a wearing device, relies on the strategic layout of “parts plus finished” and is expected to benefit fully from the popular wave of wearing equipment.
Ar/vr shows business, the power engine for forward growth: as the level of technology in the var/vr has progressed, the pain point of the original product has gradually been addressed, and the rapid development of 5g technology will give new impetus to the ar/vr industry; on the content, the recent v company has brought the vr game to 3a level, which will be an engine for the vr content creators; and after the early barbarous growth of the ar/vr industry, the terminal brands are already a long way off.
There has been a significant increase in industry concentration as a result of the shuffling of Sindha Securities.
In the first quarter of this year, the Global First in support of 5g's extended reality (xr) design was launched jointly with Hightower. In summary, the product pain resolution top-level integration helped drive the development of the ar/vr industry, the industry's concentration increased further after the shuffling of cards, and Gore, as the main supplier of head business, the board.
On April 22, 2020, Gore announced a draft of a new home-based system. For the Home-based system, Gore's share-holding plan was completed four times, phase 1 and 2 were completed, and phase 3 was holding shares.
East transfers, as well as secondary market purchases, have benefited the previous two equity holdings less than the average value of the collection price during the reduction period and the average price of the shareholdings. The company’s Home 4 holdings cover a wider range of employees, replacing the original stockholding form with zero-price transfers and locking conditions, changing the incentive approach.
>Investment proposal: The Gore shares have increased significantly this year’s q1 profitability and improved internal management has been successful. The company has been actively expanding market opportunities beyond smart machines around the strategic layout of “parts plus finished” instruments while actively expanding the market for tws headphones, vr/ar, etc., and has grown rapidly in the smart acoustic business board. In the downstream market, apples can wear high-speed operations, and domestic Andres terminal operators are also active in the field of dressability;
The rapid development of 5g technology will also give impetus to the ar/vr industry. We see Gore shares as the odm/jdm dragons in the field of tackable equipment and ar/vr, depending on the strategic layout of “parts plus finished” and will fully benefit from industry trends. Risk factors: the epidemic lasts too long; downstream demand is not as long as expected; competition increases.
Figure 1: Gore ' s share income and profit performance Figure 2: Gore ' s share profit performance Figure 3: Gore ' s share period cost
Figure 4: Gore share R & D costs (millions of dollars) Figure 5: Gore share collections and operating cash flows (billions) Figure 6: Gore share net profits and operating net cash flows (billions)
Figure 7: Ghor stock holdings (millions of dollars) Figure 8: Ghor share accounts receivable (millions of dollars)
In 19 the third place in the new wealth electronics industry; in 18/19, Crystalball 2/3 in the electronics industry; and in 18/19, Gold Bull Award 3/2 in the electronics industry. Wang Saitama, Master of Finance, Beijing University of Foreign Languages.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.