Gore shares (002241), tws growing with power. 30th of June, 2020.
tws products have high downstream demand and high performance growth: corporate demand was strong in the first half of 2020, corporate smart wireless headphone product sales revenue increased, while firm growth in company production was positive, leading to improved corporate profitability.
tws are well-placed and are the first to benefit from increased market demand: the tws headphone market is high and the growth trend is continuing. According to the counterpoint projections, the delivery of tws headphones in 2020 is expected to reach 230 million units and 78.29% faster than the previous year.
The core technology developed for integration provides one-stop solutions ranging from structural design, antenna design, audioic integration, sensor integration to integration of embedded systems, adequate capacity configuration, continuous improvement in good production lines and steady improvement in the self-contained ratio of sophisticated parts in the tws market
At present, the company has become a core supplier of airpods, with 60 million shipments of airpods in 2019 and an expected 90 million in 2020, and the continued growth of airpods is expected to lead to significant growth in the company ' s performance.
At the same time, the company has established a cooperative relationship with its Andres clients, who are expected to benefit fully from the rapid growth of the tws headphone market.1 Gore shares (002241); tws
▪ Smart watch, vr/ar has a clear edge in business, and the company has a strong growth dynamic: the company is driving a reverse in performance, vr/ar supports a long and dense zero component, smart sound machine and smart hardware, and has a clear market advantage in intelligence.
In the area of watch, companies can offer integrated solutions ranging from product concepts, id design, electronic design, architecture design to R & D, production manufacturing. In the area of vr/ar, companies are global vr/ar
Proximate factory leader, fully covering the vr industrial chain, with a one-stop R & D manufacturing capability for vr-heading and related equipment, has now entered the Oculus, sony supply chain, leading the market share of medium-end vr products; in the field of ar, companies are actively configured to provide a spectroscopic view
Reflections, prism reflections, etc., and ongoing research and development investment in front-of-the-art technologies such as free curves, light wave guidance, micro-shows, etc. Companies will have sufficient growth dynamics in the future.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: smart hardware with tws headphones, smart watches, vr/ar
The market is growing rapidly, and there is much room for companies to grow. We expect the company East Wu Securities Company to have a securities investment advisory board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.