30 June 2020: On 29 June 2020, Gore shares issued a semi-annual performance forecast for 2020, and the company expects to return a net profit of 760-786 million yuan to the mother in the first half of the year.
Gore shares (002241.sz) \triangleright, in terms of specific operations, we believe that the growth of the company ' s performance in 2020q2 stems mainly from the drive of both the smart acoustic machine and the smart hardware.
In the case of smart acoustics: 2019q2, the company's aeropods production lines are relatively small, and there is much room for improvement in the level of automaticization and good rates in the process of building slopes and building production experience; in the case of 2020q2, we believe that the company's aeropods production lines have increased significantly, and the manpower has declined significantly/automated water level has risen significantly, and good rates have stabilized at a higher level. Thus, in the first half of the year, the airpods' overall delivery was temporarily hampered by overseas epidemics, but Gore's output and production levels have increased significantly.
In the second half of the year, it is expected that the company’s airpodspro production line will be well-developed, and that the company’s accumulated production experience on ordinary money will shorten the climb process, accelerate the improvement of good rates, and achieve faster profits. In the case of smart hardware: affected by the epidemic, the consumer’s movement and health needs are raised, we believe that the bracelets and watch sales with motor data collection and heart rate testing functions are available.
In addition, home-time growth plus 3a-level games have led to the growth of vr devices. For example, the platform of the steam game has a 1.91%-1.92% connection ratio between April and May 2020, corresponding to an absolute amount of about 2.5 to 3 million units, compared to a million Liu Chili research assistants in March
As far as specific brands are concerned, Oculus accounts for more than 40% of the connection to the platform vr, and Gore shares, as the main supplier of the platform oculus, will obviously benefit from this trend. The game-related business, both of which are at the end of their life cycle, will be sold by the new generation at the end of the year and will be more profitable in the period of the connection between the end of the year and the end product. In general, we expect smart hardware operations to be more profitable in the next year.
Business this year will benefit significantly from the growth of wearable and vr products. Precision zero components: global smart-phone sales are still temporarily suppressed by the epidemic in the first half of the year, and Gore’s Speiker/receiver business will be affected temporarily, but overall market shares will rise; and mems microphones will benefit relatively from higher rates of city occupancy and tws headphone penetration in the second half of the year.
As the impact of the epidemic de-escalates, global smartphone sales recover, and the release of new products from large clients’ 5g will provide strong performance support for companies’ sophisticated zero-component operations. In addition, from an operational perspective, Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. believes that the cost of reducing capital costs for 2020q2 is further highlighted, with higher profitability/ring ratio.
In the second half of the year, cash flows can be further optimized and are expected to have a positive impact on financial costs; and, with Home 4
We believe that incentives for home 1-3 can be more effective in creating incentives for employees, mobilizing staff motivation, and promoting greater efficiency in overall operations. The strategic layout around “part parts plus finished products” is clear: company spare parts operations are primarily sound, light, zero components in electricity, and finished products are based on the same approach.
In recent years, companies have been active in expanding market opportunities beyond smart machines, and markets such as tws headphones, vr/ar have seen rapid growth in smart acoustic entire business plates. At the same time, companies are the world’s leading suppliers of electrophone components, and core components are synergistic with final products.
On the downstream market, Apple's ability to wear 1q20 is $6.28 billion, an increase of 22.5% over the same period, and is the best-performing piece of its business. We anticipate that in 2020, the volume of airpods will reach 85-90 million, an increase of about 40-50% over the same period.
The machine penetration rate is only 2%, and there is much room for subsequent growth; for smart watches, China sells the gt series of smart watches for more than 1 million sales for 45 days, and end-users such as oppo, mill, etc. are actively promoting their own smart watches. Gore, as the odm/jdm tap of the equipment that can be worn, is expected to fully benefit from the popular wave of the equipment that can be worn, depending on the strategic layout of the “part parts plus finished.”
>ar/vr shows business, forward-growing power engines: as the levels of technology associated with the ar/vr have progressed, the pain point of the original product has gradually been resolved, and the rapid development of 5g technology will inject new energy into the ar/vr industry; in content, the recent v-Secret lf-lifealyx brings the vr game to 3a level, which will be an engine for the vr content creators; and the ar/vr industry has already had a great deal of access to the terminal brand after its early barbarous growth.
Gal has been working for years in the ar/vr industry, together with major terminals such as soy and oculus on the head, and co-launching the Global First in support of the 5g Extension Reality (xr) reference design in the first quarter of this year with Hightower.
Investment proposal: We believe that Gore shares have significantly increased their profitability in the first half of the year, and that internal management has improved well. The company is actively expanding its market opportunities beyond smart machines, layouts tws headphones, vr/ar, and so forth, in the intellectual acoustics business, around the strategic layout of “part parts + finished” devices.
On the downstream market, apples can be worn at a fast pace, and domestic Andres terminal operators are active in the field of dressability; and the rapid development of 5g technology will also give impetus to the ar/vr industry. We see Gore shares as the odm/jdm leader in the field of apparelable equipment and ar/vr, depending on the strategic layout of the “part parts plus finished” that will fully benefit from industry trends.
(a) Risk factors: recurring epidemics; less than expected downstream demand; increased competition in the market;
Figure 7: Ghor stock holdings (millions of dollars) Figure 8: Ghor shares receivable (millions of dollars)
In 2017, he joined the Sunda Institute of Foreign Studies in the field of electronics; in 2018 he joined the University of Wuhan in the Southwest; in 2020 he joined the Sunda Institute of Electronics; and in 2020 he joined the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences in the field of electronics.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is provided only to the specific client mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is publicly produced by a publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, or the securities or investments referred to in this report.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.