In mid-2021, Shinwon's shares (002714), are reported to be outstanding at the end of the cycle.
Events: The company released its mid-2021 report, the company realized business income in the first half of 2021, the pig cycle went down, and the company was under pressure. The supply of pig production has recovered rapidly since this year, the demand has shifted to easing, the pig price has gone down, and the company has been under pressure.
In late August, the company successfully issued convertable bonds and raised $9.550 billion abroad. This is a very important issue for the company.
In financial terms, the company has a 1-speed rate of 0.15 per cent, down 81.25 per cent from the previous year, and its solvency has declined rapidly. The fund raised will be used to replenish the liquidity of $2.55 billion and to replace some of the pre-project funding.
Second, debt swaps will provide an incentive for companies to expand their production capacity “reversely”. According to recent company announcements, companies have “repaced the pace of development” due to cyclical pressure.
The company’s comparative advantage is clear, and it will continue to be brilliant at the end of the cycle. Pig farming is in its full-scale loss phase, and, as of 20 August, the industry’s profits (self-reliance) have fallen to a loss of $310.52/head. We believe that, in the medium term, the stock of pigs is still high, and pork supplies are still available.
In the first half of the year, the company will have a full cost of just over $15 per kilogram, with a target of $14 per kilogram at year-end, compared to the top of the same group.
At current prices, it is expected that the share or head of herds will still be profitable in the second half of the year. We believe that companies are strengthening at the end of the cycle and at the end of the cycle.
Shenwon shares are the champions of large-scale farming with obvious cost advantages. The next cycle of in-house work, expansion of capacity, and cost reduction. At the end of the cycle, it is hoped that the performance will be strong.