Agricultural, forestry and fishing stock (002714), productive capacity has gradually increased, and livestock production has steadily developed, and the South-West Centre for Securities Research and Development has been developing steadily.
The net profit of the mother was 9.53 billion yuan, down 11.7 per cent from the same year, and the rapid growth in operating income was due to the steady release of the new productive capacity of the former Department of Public Administration, the increase in sales of raw pigs, and the continuing fall in prices in the raw pig market as the main reason for the decline in net profits of the company.
• The company has a “full self-sufficiency, whole chain, intelligent” business model and has a well-developed industrial chain that actively exploits slaughterboard blocks and develops its feet in the life cycle of pigs. By adopting a self-sufficiency model, it can expand rapidly, without having to outsource orders and so forth.
The number of fertile grounds has increased the size of the ceiling to cover scientific research, feed processing, breeding of pigs, growing of pigs. Of these, 1,4696,000 are commercial pigs, 252.2 million are pigs, 219,000 are pigs. In total, 981,000 pigs have been slaughtered, 97,000 have been sold and 97,000 tons of fresh, frozen pork have been sold, and 2.29 billion have been harvested.
By mid-August 2021, the market price for pig production was 15 yuan per kilogram, and the company, as an experienced pig-breeding enterprise, was still developing in an orderly manner. In August 2021, the successful release of $9.95 billion could be transferred, of which $5.1 billion would be invested in projects related to the expansion of pig production capacity.
In addition to building, the company will respond to the government’s call to adapt to the trend from “pig” to “meat” and invest billions in slaughter projects, with a projected increase in slaughter capacity of 13 million head/year. Corporate farming has a clear cost advantage, helping it to survive the pig price.
The two main cost components of the industry are the creation of advantages: forage companies to produce autonomously, to reduce intermediate transaction costs, and for companies to use the power layout, with subsidiaries located mainly in the main food-producing areas of the northeast, northeast China and northwest, to take advantage of the procurement channels to reduce transport and thereby further control feed costs: for personnel management, company design
The company has the advantage of a modern pighouse, which helps it to prevent the disease and to ensure its efficiency. The company has an unintelligent control of the pighouse environment, automatic warning of the health recognition of the pig, and good news about the health of the pig.
In the context of the scale-raising process, the creation of a specially binary hybrid breeding model allows each generation of mothers and fathers to maintain a hybrid advantage, without the need for it.
The out-sourcing of mothers and fathers to replace pigs saves costs and reduces the risk of disease associated with the introduction of pig-borns, while also contributing to the promotion of stockholdings (002714).
Long, cost-effective through-cycle (2021-04-30) Assuming that 2: pig-breeding plates, farm-breeding enthusiasts, and scalding farming are well under way, the prices of pig-breeding will run.
We have selected two mainstream companies in the pig-breeding industry, Win-Sung, and Tian Bong, with an average of 11 times pe in 2020 and 25 times pe in 2021. Considering the company’s continued improvement, a stable industry’s leading position is much higher than the growth rate in the same industry, and the market is now valued relatively well, maintaining a “holding” rating.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.