Shenwon shares (002714.sz) have a low-cost expansion momentum, and production can gradually release a stable front.
The company released its annual performance of 2021: 41,538 million yuan in revenues in the first half of 2021, with a sustained increase in the same year and a sharp fall in prices for pig production, the main reason for the decline in the company’s performance in the same year. 157 per cent more than in the same year, of which 1,4696,000 were commodity pigs (of which 98.2 per cent were sold to herbs and their subsidiaries).
The advantages of horizontal comparison with other major production companies in the industry are still significant. It is worth noting that companies have consciously shrunk their output levels in the context of the fall in pig prices and the demand for filling bars, starting with 21q2, and are planning to increase capacity utilization after pig prices are removed from the current bottom zone, because
This has led to a decline in the company’s recent monthly output, but we believe that the company will still be able to meet the 41.8 million mark we had previously anticipated for the year. On the cost side, we estimate that the company’s full cost is now below $15 per kilogram, maintaining it at a single level in the industry, although the price of raw materials has increased significantly over the period and is managed by expansion.
The decline in efficiency challenges the ability of companies to control their costs, but the company has been active in meeting the challenge and achieving significant results through the progressive optimization of biosafety protection, the increase in the efficiency of the pig, the consolidation of the purchase of feed materials and the adaptation of the formula, because we believe that the company should be able to meet its 14-dollar/kg cost target and maintain a small margin for the rest of the year.
In the first half of 2021, the company had successfully issued convertable bonds and raised $9.550 billion abroad, which would effectively help ease the pressure on cash flow. From a financial point of view, the speed rate of the company was 0.15 per cent, a decrease of 81.3 per cent in debt service.
At the same time, debt swaps will provide incentives for companies to expand their “reverse-cycle” production capacity, further expand their production capacity, and strengthen the company’s position as a leader in integrated corporate-scale farming. The main reason for the expected decline in the overpriced pig industry is, in summary: 1) higher than anticipated at the beginning of the year.
Over six consecutive quarters of the ultra-high price range above $30, with the necessary courage to reward it; 2) all outs are far ahead of schedule, and although there is some expectation of a reloading of all outs under the high pig price scenario, the real increases are still underestimated; 3) the short-term increase in the market when the large number of inefficient pigs is phased out is underestimated. We believe that, after this time,
As a result of the ultra-conventional pig cycle, one or two pig cycle prices are likely to fluctuate less in the future than in the current cycle and possibly slightly shorter in the weekly span, so cost advantages will continue to be the most important first principle in the industry in the near future, and firms that do not have cost advantages will face greater challenges.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd. First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd. First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd.
This report is prepared by the First Shanghai Securities Company (“Shanghai I”) and is intended for a private general reading only.
You shall not rely on anything in this report to make any investment decisions. The content of this report does not take into account the investment orientation, financial situation or any special needs of individual investors.
The subject matter, risk assessment, financial and tax status are among the factors that make their own investment decisions.