The company released its mid-term performance report for 2023: h1 in 2023, when the company achieved a lower sales price for the h1 product, and a significant increase in the volume of lithium electric materials. Most of the prices of the company’s main business products fell in the first half of the year, leading to a decline in the price of 2023H1 nickel, cobalt, copper metals, and the same price.
Qiuzu, where the volume of nickel products and lithium electric materials has increased considerably. h1 cobalt products have grown by about 20.5 million tons, with 4.6 million tons, of which the total volume of three positive materials has increased by about 4.09 million tons, compared to the previous year.
1.18 per cent in the construction industry; approximately 5.25 million tons (including internal supplies) in the pre-trillion drive, an increase of 42.40 per cent over the same year.
The Māori rate has declined and the cost rate has stabilized over the period. h1 Māori rate is 14.91 per cent, compared to the -- \triangleright slide, which was mainly affected by price declines, with company sales/management/finance/research and development rates for the first half of the year, respectively
Quarterly evaluation of the year 023: 23q1 performed beautifully, lithium electric yen, $155 million gain or loss on fair value changes arising from the holding or disposal of traded financial assets, liabilities, etc. Lithium electric materials are integrated and output expansion is steadily advancing.
\triangleright 2. An in-depth report from the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799.sh) on the construction of tons of wet nickel to be put into production in June.
Performance rating: performance of falling metal prices and impairments, first, production and successful production of the first batch of products at the bottom of the formal input test, and materialization of 50,000 tons of lithium salt at Guangxi in June.
The first phase of the Hungarian trinity project in the European region is well under way, and the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799.sh) was built on schedule in 2022.
Performance point assessment: Risks released by impairment, high nickel and positive profit margins Refining and downstream pre-disposal processing capacity, lithium electric material industry as an integrated layout, with future increases and early integration effecting - 2022/08/21
Growing growth is expected to result from the establishment of cost and scale advantages in the lithium positive materials industry. Performance forecast: q2 performance meets expectations, expected material I Investment proposal: company upstream resource layout is perfect, downstream lithium power production is available after delivery, product sales are made
Release of profits under the physical layout 2022/07/13 \triangleright 1 issued mid-2023
2 Nickel products were released and the price fell, resulting in a similar increase in sales of herri for h1 nickel, triad drive, positive materials, cobalt. 2023h1, corporate nickel, triad drive, positive material sales increased significantly as a result of the release of new project capacity. (1) Cobalt: corporate cobalt sales
Twenty-five thousand tons of metal, equivalent to +11.0 per cent; (2) nickel: nickel sales of 5.37 million tons of metal, corresponding to +236.6 per cent; Huaco's contribution to production, and Chengdu Bamo's performance increased on the same basis.
For nickel and cobalt products, profits were 830 million yuan in 2023h in 2023h, i.e. 39 per cent in the same year; for Chengdu Bamo, net profits from material production were 325 million yuan in 2023h, i.e. + 19 per cent in the same year; for the H1 operation was expanded with a slight increase in the rate during the period. With the expansion of the business, the third fee was for 20239h1.
Increases range from 1.46 pct to 5.15 per cent over the period. This compares with sales costs of 2023h1 plus administrative costs of $1,116 million, or 46.62 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of lower staff salaries and share payments, resulting in lower costs of materials consumed by research and development.
One million yuan, or 239 million yuan less than the previous year, and 965 million yuan less than the same. Of this amount, 567 million yuan was invested in sales, management costs and finances, compared to 294 million yuan and +92.9 per cent in the same period last year.
The efficiency of the equity resource enterprise is evident, as well as the steady improvement in the net operating cash flow and the increase in the asset-liability ratio of the active positive material companies, such as Poohua, Lok-Yo, etc. As the size expands, corporate capital +0.2 ptt. The sales of new energy and materials products from 2023h1 companies have increased significantly, and the accumulation of stocks has taken over cash.
The net flow of cash into the company's business activities decreased by 1.79 billion yuan, an increase of 2.85 billion yuan, the return capacity, the integrated layout of 3 lithium electric materials, and the gradual expansion of downstream customers.
The smelting end, then from the forward drive to the positive material, together with the resource recycling and recycling plate, is a central advantage of the company, which has completed its space layout from resource development, colour refining, and research and development of new energy materials, with its headquarters in the town of Kiyochi, its resource security outside China, its manufacturing base in China, and the global market.
The industrial chain of medium- and downstream integration has been laid from cobalt nickel resource development, green smelting, tri-dollar drive and solid materials to the ecology of the new lithium energy industry for resource recycling and recycling, compared to similar enterprises. The upstream resource layout is one: deep-deep Congolese gold, which guarantees a stable supply of copper and cobalt resources.
On the African resource plate, complemented by its own mines and complemented by external purchases, the company has four mining rights in the p527, Kambove tailings and shonkole mines through its subsidiaries, cdm, mikas. Currently, the company owns 21,400 tons of crude cobalt-rich hydroxide production in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and 66,000 tons and 66,000 tons of cdm.
With 30,000 tons of copper/electric copper production, combined with domestic copper and cobalt smelting capacity, the company has developed an annual capacity of about 110,000 tons of copper and 39,000 tons of cobalt, and the copper and cobalt business has provided a moat for the expansion of the company’s capacity. Upstream resource two: low-cost wet nickel from Indonesian layouts, the core of the company’s future growth, alpha.
The Division’s nickel and cobalt layout in Indonesia consists mainly of nickel mines, garden services, energy security layouts, and the accompanying wet and fire smelting production configurations, which help the company to form a deep protected river. The current company’s nickel portfolio in Indonesia includes: 1) the Lt Da Bay nickel project, which currently produces 9.3 million tons of metallic nickel per year + 42,000 tons of nickel.
Iron, the company's participation in new technology, with 15.39% penetration, and the company's counterpart interest capacity of 1.43 million tons of nickel from red earth/year; 2) hln project: in May 22 22, the company subscribed to a transferable debt equivalent to 10% of Hln's shares, and hln's holdings held 51% of the scm nickel.
The project, which is rich in nickel, combines 14.45 million tons of nickel resources and 1 million tons of cobalt resources. At the same time, the Division extends its park services to secure a stable return on investment while safeguarding the smooth progress of the Indonesian nickel business. hln-controlled jpi holds 49% of the csi smelter and 29.4% of the bsi smelter. hln is fully funded.
The subsidiary jim holds 98.3 per cent of the share of the cei hydroelectric plant and 32 per cent of the share of the ikip industrial park, and the company has seven nickel smelting projects in Indonesia, planning a total capacity of 6.45 million tons of metal, smelting the process is mainly wet, and the product is in the form of mhp and high-ice nickel. 1) The humid method of 60,000 tons in China Viet Nam: 22 years
In April, it reached production earlier; (2) 45,000 tonnes of fire in Huako: in April 2222, electric stoves were set on fire earlier, 22h2 were put into production, and the first batch of high-ice nickel produced was sent home in December 2222; (3) 120,000 tonnes of wetland in Huafei; 23h1 is expected to be supplied and 23h2 is operational; and (4) 123,000 tonnes of wetland in Huashan:
Three-year construction period, expected to start production in 25 years; 5) other projects: 22-year intensive planning of the Chinese-People-Calling Hills 120 000 wet-law project, the Hua-Full Valley Indonesia-Fort 120 000 wet-wet-law project, and the Hua-Fuest Valley Indo-Ni 60,000 wet-wet-law project are currently under planning.
Upstream Resource Layout III: The last puzzle of the lithium mine to complete energy and metal resources. The lithium resource under the company’s flag is configured as a share-in-the-share, of which the lithium resource project is the Congolese gold manono lithium mine in Africa, and the lithium mine project is the Arcadia lithium mine in Zimbabwe in Africa.
In March 2023, the installation and commissioning of the entire production line of the rcadia lithium mining project was completed, with the annual processing of 4.5 million tons of ore on a full-line basis and the successful production of the first batch of products. The project was completed in just over nine months and was one of the fastest-growing lithium projects in the African region.
Figure 14: The first products from the arcadia lithium mine: Figure 15: A bird's view of the arcadia production facility
In 2018, the company partnered with lig chemistry as a pre-disposition drive project through a holding company, China's New Energy Holdings, with 51% of the stockholdings.
The company’s expansion of pre-Kyoto capacity will be released in the coming years, with a significant increase in capacity:
It is assumed that the projects in Hua Yuzhou were completed between 2023 and 2024 and that they have been completed since 2024; the Guangxi Bamo project was completed in the first half of 2023, with the capacity slope completed in 2025; and the Joaquin project was completed in 2024, with the Department ' s planned capacity in 2025 at a level of 400,000 tons and the corresponding equity capacity at a level of 300,000 tons.
Downstream layout two: acquisition of BAM technology, and acceleration of positive materials. By buying positive materials head companies in Tian Zimbamo, fast-tracking into the triad material market, investing in integration projects in Guangxi, taking steps to lower the cost of the links and increase the positive material Maori rate.
The company raised funds through a fungible loan to build a fully-owned subsidiary, Guangxi Bamo, which produces 50,000 tons of nickel per year (metal volume), high-purity battery-grade nickel sulphate, 100,000 tons per year of high nickel power cells for production of pre-triple drive materials, and 50,000 tons per year of high nickel power cells for production of tripolar material production lines, with a projected rate of return within the project.
At the same time, the Chengdu Bamo, Lotte, Puhua, and Tianzimambamo extension regulations are on the agenda, and with the accelerated release of production over the next three years, the firm’s positive performance will be on track. The huge long list is locked in, deep-seated global flagships.
The strategic cooperation agreements between technology, science and technology, mooring technology, Tesla, etc., protect future sales and co-operation through large supply agreements, lay the foundation for sustained growth, and, according to the announced announcement, the company's future pre-drive orders, which have been locked in for a long period of time, amount to more than 800,000 tons, guaranteeing an increase in sales of the company's subsequent production potential.
The company's upstream resources are well-placed, and the downstream expansion of lithium power is expected to lead to rapid release, tied to international resources and the depth of automobiles, with a high degree of certainty and depth of growth. We anticipate the risk of a sharp fall in the company's prices of 2023-1 products. The profitability of the company's products will vary according to the volatility of metal prices, if
There are more projects under construction, which can have a negative impact on the company’s profits if some projects are put into production or if the pace of production is delayed by internal or external factors. 3) There is less demand than expected. Companies have more projects under construction, and their capacity is growing rapidly, if downstream markets are opened.
The difficulties encountered, or the unexpected increase in demand, have led to an underutilization of the company’s capacity and an increase in the one-ton depreciation amortization, thus increasing costs, adding production to production below expectations, and undermining the company’s profitability.The methodology and analytical logic have led to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.