Quarterly sales revenue of 970 million yuan, an increase of 53.6 per cent, attributable to net profits of 300 million shareholders in listed companies
The net profit of the parent company ' s shareholders was $300 million, an increase of 50.2 per cent over the same period, and the company ' s performance remained high for two consecutive quarters.
Growth is evident, with a sustained increase in market occupancy rates, which has led to a significant increase in corporate performance. Quite a product structure, the Māori rate has risen in response: the Māori rate for the company’s main business in the first half of the year was 52.3 per cent, compared to 6 percentage points for the same year, and the Māori rate of Q2 increased by 6.9 percentage points to 52.4 per cent for the same year.
Sales of electronic components, communications components, etc. have increased significantly, and product restructuring has led to an increase in Māori.
The rate of Māori growth is almost equal. The semiconductor component product income is $333 million, a 7.2 per cent decline in the same year. The decline in income is mainly influenced by fingerprint products, while ceramic enveloped base products are marketed under the influence of the network.
A gradual increase in the Māori ratio of 5.2% to 44.5% over the same period. The EPP product generated $296 million, an increase of 63.4% over the same year, and the use of corporate tile resistance gradually widened, the demand for porcelain tablets rose and the price increase for Māori was a significant increase of 8.4 percentage points to 52.6% over the same period.
The hymn mlcc and the electrical barrier, with a significant increase of 110.45 per cent to 246 million on a year-on-year basis, mainly because the mlcc product was in short supply and sold out.
Improved supply consolidates the market position and expects more power from ceramic products: the company is based on the “quality” and “volume” dimensions of the tri-ring group: revenue continues to be earned, ceramics face-to-face meets customers' needs, solidly increases the share of existing customer orders and actively develops new users and expands market coverage
In the second half of the year, the tri-ring group: the first half of the year's performance was pressured, the porcelain looker value, the new product was released in the season, and the company's porcelain lookr production was expected to yield a double yield.
Advances, new and upgraded fibre optic networks, continued investment in transmission networks and the Internet and data communications, Halo: performance is robust in 2016, new products are emerging. The communications market will continue to grow steadily.
Significant industrial developments, market demand for products such as tiles of resistance, tiles of ceramics, mlcc and porcelain envelopes, three ring groups: robust year-round performance, rising appearances, and wide market space for company ceramic products.
Three rings: Hand-held, refined and co-built ceramics. Net asset yields are 19.3%, 23.7%, and 22.5%, respectively, and buy-a advice. Lines, smart terminal applications open up new growth areas again.
(a) Production expansion at a slower rate than expected;
For 970 million yuan, an increase of 53.6 per cent in the same year, the company achieved a net profit of 552 million yuan in the first half of the year as shareholders belonging to its parent company.
High demand for and demand for products and the expansion of corporate sales; significant developments in the 5g communications, smart manufacturing, material networking and auto-drive industries that benefit from electronic component products and the gradual expansion of the area of application of PV; steady growth in the market for light communications products, coupled with the gradual release of the company ' s cellular ceramic visual products and the growth of the cellular ceramic looker business
The head is strong, and the sales of products such as electronic components, electronic components, communications components, etc. have increased significantly, leading to a significant increase in company performance.
In the first half of 2018, the company ' s main business was 52.3%, a 6 percentage point increase, with a 52.4% increase in the second quarter and a 6.9 percentage point increase in the second quarter. The sales of products such as electronic parts of the company, electronic components, communications components, etc. increased significantly, with product restructuring and the upward trend in the price of some products leading to an increase in Maori.
Figure 4: Changes in major cost rates over the past 12 quarters II. Business status assessment: Māori ratio adjusted, leadership consolidated (i) high domestic and foreign growth and Māori rate increased significantly
In the first half of 2018, sales revenue from the company ' s domestic market amounted to $1.409 billion, an increase of 33.0 per cent over the same period, with a Māori rate of 50.6 per cent and a percentage point of 59.7 per cent. The demand for the domestic and external market was boosted by physical networking, 5g and auto digitization, optimized levels of corporate revenue and product structure, and an improved Māori rate.
The product breakdown shows a revenue of 678 million yuan for major components of communications, an increase of 37.5 per cent in the same year, a steady increase in the demand for and price of ceramic cores in communications components, an increase in revenue from the use of ceramics for mix2s and oppor15 mobile phones, and a similar increase in the Māori rate. The revenue from semiconductor components was 333 million yuan, a decrease of 7.2 per cent in the same year, and a decline in income was mainly fingerprinted.
The impact of the products, while the market share of the ceramic enveloped base products, driven by a network of products, has risen gradually, with the Māori rate rising by 5.2% from the same year to 44.5%. The revenue from the electronic component materials product was $296 million, an increase of 63.4% from the same year.
Electronic component products achieved an income of 246 million, an increase of 110.45 per cent over the same period, mainly due to demand for and sale of mlcc products. Figure 7: Breakdown of income by product (2018h1v.s.2017h1) (iii) Performance guidance: optimized supply to consolidate market position and more power for ceramic products
The company did not disclose its performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2018, based on meeting customer demand in terms of “quality” and “volume”, solidly increasing the share of existing customer orders, and actively developing new users, expanding market coverage, increasing market ownership, creating higher barriers to entry in the industry, and consolidating the market position of the product.
The 5g standardization process is moving forward, the fibre optic network is being built and upgraded, investment in transmission networks and the Internet and data communications domain continues to increase, and the light communication market will continue to grow steadily.
Third, profit forecasts and investment proposals.
In the company’s semiconductor components, the extensive application and rapid advance of the technology has driven the company’s ceramic envelope base to the crystal frequency, the product advantage of the component market has expanded, the market occupancy rate has gradually increased, and the fingerprint recognition system has levelled off with the income from functional ceramic chips.
In the case of corporate electronic components materials, the upgrading of car electron, the expansion of the led lighting application landscape, the development of the Internet, and the promotion of smart homes will expand the market space for tiles of resistance and ceramics. Corporate electronics products will grow rapidly as the mlcc product booms, and supply and demand will be released as the industry is able to produce.
In terms of profitability, the price of corporate communications components luminous telecommunications products is becoming more stable, and the price of one-size-fits-all, porcelain, mlcc, and porcelain envelopes will increase the Māori rate, which will stabilize after productive capacity is released.
On the cost side, as the scale of production and sales expands, the overall cost rate of the company has declined. On the capital side, as the South-Spanning Project progresses, the company will maintain a certain capital-cost investment.
(c) Summary of financial statement forecasts and valuation data