IT hardware and equipment Research and development of advanced materials with high barriers, both internally and externally, leading to hundreds of millions of dollars of market value Market perceptions and facts about the tri-ring group:
1. The market believes that the growth of the tri-ring group is mainly due to ceramic backhells, and that there is uncertainty about the use of ceramic backhells by downstream brand manufacturers, and that there is a lack of future performance of the tri-ring group: the tri-ring group is an advanced material expert, not a ceramic backhell business.
Shells are only a small part of the tri-ring business, earning about $500 million in 2017 from ceramic backhells, which account for about 16% of the revenue. Currently, Opo and Mimix2s have started to use ceramics on high-end machines, backhells, and the products are sold hot after they are released; the tri-rings can provide gradients, inter-colours, colours.
In addition to the porcelain backhell of mobile phones, the tri-ring group also has ceramic fibre-optic cores and cylinders, ceramics.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) Encapsulation base operations, mlcc operations, ceramic base film operations, fuel cell operations, voltage injections up to 12 months/minimum in yuan
The long life cycle of the product, the competitiveness of the company, the market ' s perception of a limited three-circle business class, the small market space, the lack of long-duration inputs, and the attempt to stabilize the future over the long term
Fact: Three-ring groups build high barriers based on common technologies in materials and equipment and processes, produce products and share incentive costs for one quarter performance, common technology, enhanced R & D by companies, enhanced product expansion in the future; ceramics in corporate products
Over $10 billion, $10 billion in mlcc, more than $20 billion in porcelain backhell, and enough market space for existing products; product layout and gradient.
Impediments, connectors, provision of stable cash flow; fast-growing products, including consumer electronics, ceramic envelopes, mlcc, ceramic tablets, fuel cells, ceramic machetes, electronics, voltage jet valves, to promote firm growth in the company in the medium term; reserve products, including reactors, etc.
Model products and new materials are growing in the long run. Companies have become advanced materials platforms, and will further expand their product categories and markets through endogenous and outreach, with a global advanced material leader with a long-term market value of hundreds of billions of dollars and sustained robust growth.
Core logic: This report provides a full-scale analysis from industry analysis, company core competitiveness analysis, and tri-ring industry systems. 1 Industry analysis: advanced ceramics include structural ceramics and functional ceramics, hundreds of billions of dollars.
The market space is large enough; the advanced ceramics sector is currently at the national production accelerated replacement stage, expanding from the lower to the lower to the higher end, expanding product categories and increasing market penetration. 2 Three Rings Core Competitiveness Analysis: Three Ring Groups are not only experts in advanced materials, but also more so.
Equipment specialists, process specialists. High barriers are built through materials plus equipment plus processes, product categories are expanded through common techniques, three-ring research institutes are set up, research and development inputs are increased, the city's hard power is further strengthened, and corporate incentives are flexible, culture is practical and efficient, and management is put in place.
Soft power is matched to hard power, and endogenous extension is strong. 3 3CG business analysis: tri-circle product gradients are orderly and robust; corporate maturity Stable class products bring cash flow: fast-developing class products drive firm growth in the medium term: storage
Research and development intellectuals build up advanced materials with high barriers, both internally and externally, leading to hundreds of millions of dollars of market value. Research and development intellectuals build advanced materials with high barriers and hundreds of millions of dollars of market value, both internally and externally.
Research and development of experts in advanced materials with high barriers, both internally and externally, to market hundreds of billions of dollars. 1 Industry: 100 billion dollars in high barriers market, national production to replace just as it is, 1.1 billion dollars in market space for advanced ceramic materials, and 100 billion yuan in electronic ceramic space.
The main products operated by the tri-ring group fall within the category of advanced ceramics, based on ceramic material technology, for new material types, and for extension and application. Advanced ceramics are based on inorganic compounds of high purity, super fine synthetic or refined composition, sophisticated manufacturing and structural design, and have excellent mechanics, acoustics, light, heat, electricity, and biomass.
Advanced ceramics can be divided by chemical composition into oxide ceramics, nitrogen ceramics, carbide ceramics, boulders ceramics, silicone ceramics, fluorine ceramics, sulphur ceramics, etc.
Ceramics, together with metal materials, composite materials, and the three main solid materials of our time, are indispensable in human life and social construction. Ceramics, as compared to high molecular materials, display clear advantages in hardness, insulation, heat resistance, corrosion resistance, and durability, and are widely used in all walks of life.
Figure 3: Comparison of the properties of ceramics, metals and composite materials Advanced ceramic properties and uses can be divided into functional ceramics and structural ceramics. Structured ceramics are based mainly on the mechanics and structural uses of materials, with high intensity, hardness, high temperature resistance, corrosion resistance, and resistance to oxidation, including mainly oxide ceramics, nitrogen, etc.
Insulation and medium ceramics, iron ceramics, voltage ceramics, semiconductor ceramics, etc.
The introduction and its sensitive ceramics, etc.; advanced ceramics are widely used in various areas of the national economy, such as defence, chemical, metallurgical, electronic, mechanical, aeronautical, aerospace, biomedical, etc., because of their specific fine structure and high, hard, grinding, corrosion-resistant, high-temperature, conductive, insulation, magnetic, permeable, semiconductor and voltage, iron, acoustic, ultraconductive, biological compatibility, etc.
The continued development of ceramics, which will be used to support the microelectronics industry, the communications industry, automated controls, and future intelligent technologies, will become more visible, and the market capacity will continue to expand. According to the US market research agency Grandviewresearch, demand will grow in several end-use industries in the coming years.
The positive impact on the advanced ceramics sector is expected to be $134.58 billion by 2024, with a combined increase of about 10% in 2015-2024. According to the Marketsandmarkets, the electronics industry is the largest end-use market in the advanced ceramics industry, a trend that will continue for several years.
As a result of the downstream industry, the global electronic ceramics sector has grown steadily, from $18.13 billion in 2010 to $20.59 billion in 2014. With the world’s largest electronic consumption market, the electronic ceramics sector has grown rapidly in recent years, at a much higher rate than the global level.
China’s annual market for electronic ceramics will be 64.1 billion yuan, with an annual compound growth rate of 12.63%.
1.2 Advanced ceramic industry chain lengths, materials + equipment + process poses a high barrier. Advanced ceramic production process is complex, with four major links: powder system preparation, raw ceramic formation, scalding, precision processing, etc.
The quality and good rate of finished products make it very difficult to fully integrate all processes, and the material-plus equipment-plus process constitutes a high barrier for the industry. In the powder system, using processes such as sedimentation, water heat, etc., the basic powders that meet the requirements are prepared, including powders such as nanograde oxidide, aluminium oxide, aluminium nitrogenide, and the particle size of the powder has a very significant impact on the performance of the subsequent product, the purity of the base powder and particles.
Size is the core; then, on the basis of the base powder, you add different scales and types of rare earth elements to mix and improve performance to form formula powders. The formula is then added to a variety of varieties, such as chemical glue, and is configured as a viscous solution with organic solvents as a vehicle, the formulation is mixed with raw ceramic formations, and different forms of formation are applied to different downstream products.
The use of condensation, the use of fluids such as the base, the base, the diaphragm panels, and the need for secondary formation of raw ceramics, including pressurization, perforation, stacking, cutting, printing, etc., requires a combination of multiple processes to achieve optimal results. The sintering, the way of sintering and the control of temperature curves are key to the quality of the product. Different products apply to different sinters.
Methods, including vacuum sinters, static scaldings such as heat, microwave scalding; processes such as temperature curve control, atmosphere protection in the process, etc. in different sinters, determine the product’s good rate.
The advanced ceramics are super-hard, but less resilient. These two doves determine the difficulty of processing ceramic materials, not only in grinding, polishing, but also in disrepair, which makes them very susceptible to break and break-up, adding that they are very difficult to process for long periods of time and require the optimization of the special design and processing processes of the processing equipment in order to be efficient after-processing.
In the competition pattern of the advanced ceramics industry, there are very high barriers to each of them. The three rings are the only ones in the country that have been able to access the various stages of advanced ceramic manufacturing.
Chain companies, with 90 per cent of critical equipment, are home-grown and highly competitive. 1.3 The electronic manufacturing industry is shifting and state-of-the-art ceramics are being replaced from low to high. In recent years, China has grown into a major producer of electronics, and it has taken on most of the world's electronics.
In terms of total computer production and cellular output, China’s global share of production has risen from around 50% to over 90% since 2008, and China has become a producer of global digital products, gaining a global monopoly. Trends in global digital product transfers to China have been determined, with production and consumer markets alike.
In China, where the global electronic supply chain is moving domestically, for example, with the Apple Cellular Industry, China has become the main supplier of apples. A strong electronic manufacturing industry provides fertile ground for downstream ceramic applications, and domestic technology, once it breaks through, leads to import substitution of the chain, with the advantage of low labour costs, tax revenues, and supportive policies.
From the low-end to the high-end path of gradual substitution, the country’s advanced ceramics industry is on the path of accelerated substitution. Figure 11: The apple chains are shifting significantly from the advanced ceramics industry to the domestic ones, which is growing faster abroad.
EU, Russia, etc... The U.S. is in the lead in applications of advanced ceramics in aerospace, nuclear power, etc.; Japan is in the vanguard in industrialization, civil use and about half of the world's market share in advanced ceramics; the EU is in the vanguard in the field of advanced ceramics component breakdown applications and mechanical equipment; and Russia, Ukraine, in the area of structural ceramics and ceramics.
Japan has played a leading and prominent role in research and preparation of advanced ceramic materials since the 1980’s. In recent years, Japan has used advanced ceramics as a strategic industry, and has seen advanced ceramics as a high-tech industry that determines future international competition, with increasing investment in advanced ceramic materials such as electronic ceramics, light-guided fibres, and high-resilient ceramics.
Japan is in the lead. The advanced ceramic sensitive elements produced in Japan already account for a major share of the international market, with a majority of advanced ceramic products, including heat, pressure, magnetic, anxieties, photosenses, etc., monopolizing most of the market; research and development of foam ceramics, ultra-plastic ceramics, plastic-commodified ceramics, and various advanced ceramic materials and components of ceramics. Research and development of high-performance ceramic batteries, ceramic engines, etc.
Our advanced ceramic research began in the 1950s, and with the international development of advanced ceramics, many universities and research institutes in the country began to focus on advanced technology since the 1970s.
In the last decade, we have been applying advanced ceramics to many areas of traditional and emerging industry. At present, our theoretical and experimental levels of advanced ceramics in some of the cutting edges have reached international advanced levels; in a wide range of research areas, they have involved almost all research, development and production of advanced ceramic materials; and many advanced ceramics.
In recent years, the country’s advanced ceramics industry has begun to replace national production rapidly, and progress has been rapid in the areas of ceramic fibre plugs, pkg envelopes, etc. With ceramic fibre plugs, for example, the country’s producers began to break through in 2000 or so, with technology.
In the future, domestic manufacturers will also achieve more alternatives in more product categories, from low- to mid-end high-end and a larger market share. The domestic advanced ceramics industry will replace from structural to functional elements, and from low to medium-to-high-end is a big trend.
Research and development specialists in advanced materials that create high barriers, both internally and externally, have moved to a market value of hundreds of millions of dollars: from the history of the development of Kyoto and coorstek to the development of the country's state-of-the-art ceramic enterprises, the stones of the mountains can be attacked. Internationally advanced ceramics have developed over the course of hundreds of years, and have grown into world class.
Advanced ceramic enterprises, including Japanese china, United States coorstek, German ceramtek, are the most representative ones. Experiences and lessons learned from the step-by-step development of good enterprises abroad can be drawn from the development of advanced ceramics in the country.
The stock exchange is listed on the stock exchange, which was listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 1980. The King Ceramic Headquarters, located in Japan, is one of the world’s largest suppliers of advanced ceramics, which involves a variety of fields such as raw materials, spare parts, components, equipment, and services, networks.
Star products include electronic components, printers, photocopiers, solar power systems, mobile phones, semiconductor envelopes, cutting tools, industrial ceramics, etc. Downstream markets include information communications, energy-efficient environmental protection, car perimeters, health care, etc. At the inception of the tiles in 1959, the u-type insulation was made from rice and magnesium stones developed in the pine wind industry and used in television sets.
Insulation in the electronic gun of the camera tubes, excellent high frequency insulation, has laid a solid foundation for the company's development; in the second year of business, glass silicone has begun to be replaced with magnesium olive lu-type tubes in the industry, and the china has been struggling to develop silicone silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon, in addition to its autonomous intellectual property rights.
The product drums, mlcc, etc., along with a series of external M&As, including avx, tycom, Miyoma mobile phones, sonymobile, the printer department of the KJC Group, etc., formed multi-business models such as auto parts, semiconductor parts, electronic components, information communications, office files, living and environmental protection, hotels, etc. In internationalization, KJC has been affiliated with the United States since 1969, and subsequently in Germany.
National, Hong Kong, Mexico, China, South Korea, etc., have established branches and production bases, with great emphasis on internationalization.
New gems were released in 1975.
Sonymobile was accepted in 2010 as the company 's display party for the affairs of the mainland.
Born in 1966, with a massive mass of crescentvert marching jewels hp-111 finished.
In the area of accessories, in 1975, the Tai developed gold in 1998 to enter the labour market.
I got a U.S. Fairy's order to develop solar cells, 1978 salesman, crystal field.
Semiconductor in multi-storey ceramic envelopes, industrial and dental root, 1982 sale of man-made, 2000-2003 receipt and transfer of slc (high)
In 2011, the Unimock Group joined stock joints, entered mobile phones in 1984, introduced technology into sales in 1973.
Intensity is multilayered, and it enriches the company's cutters, and it cuts the blades of pottery blades.
The purchase of an optrex plant in 2012
In 2005, Tianjin, Mexico, the Czech Republic and Japan were identified as the four largest producers of advanced materials for research and development and for building high barriers.
Figure 16: Kyoto Ceramic Products Coorstek is one of the world’s largest advanced ceramic companies, founded in 1870 by adolphcoors as a family-owned company of the coorstek family. Coorstek first started producing home-based ceramicware products, and then expanded to the labs of pottery.
Advanced ceramic centres. Since the 1950s, the company began to move from tableware to advanced ceramics, developing metal sprays, ceramic plating, dry pressure-forming processes, ceramic electronic panels, armoured ceramics, integrated circuit encapsulations, etc.; on product materials, producing silicon carbonide, boron carbonide, silicon oxide, silicon carbonated products, and expanding industrial applications to chemical, electronic, energy, medical, semiconductor chemicals.
In terms of mergers and acquisitions, Coorstek acquired the champion spark plugs in 1940, including laboratory equipment production lines and other static-forming processes; Coorstek acquired Dooyung Semitech in Korea in December 1999, the United Kingdom ' s flowerguard company in 2010 and the United Kingdom ' s ceramics business in San Goban in 2011, Europe and Europe.
The Americas and Asia have set up operational units and completed the globalization process. Research and development specialists in advanced materials with high barriers, both internally and externally, are moving towards hundreds of billions of dollars in market value.
In the 2019s, adolphcroos developed high-purity aluminium oxide ceramics and the next generation of ceramic armour.
In 2013, the nitrous aluminum ceramics were launched to start a business in the city of Gordon, Colorado.
It was developed in the '80s to include oxidation, ceramic tiles, each car used in about Viet Nam, for led and power semiconductors.
A variety of advanced ceramics, including, acquired ibm in 65 years through the acquisition of heroldchina.
A pure sic-carbide silicon, and spotty company entry order, thin in the '70s.
The research and development sector has developed carbonated silicon companies into ceramics.
Re-entering ceramic consumption in 1989
The company's best producer of ceramic art, started producing the market for ceramic armour in 1966, the main product of which is Gore.
Plasma-uc Aluminium Oxide, etc. and thermal stability, flex poles, buttons, etc.
In the 20s, the lab was expanded.
In 2005, the establishment of a subsidiary c5 opened up the metal sector in the 1950s, with the introduction of a carbonated silicon nozzle.
Acquisition of Korea Doo Medicalwerks in 1999, inc. New 13 factories, packages, in Europe and America
The acquisition of Gaiser in 2007 and the acquisition of San Goban in 2011 became the first ceramic metal binding suit.
In 1973, we acquired wilbanks youngseimitech in Scotland, Brazil and South Korea.
Entering ceramics business, using dry pressure-forming techniques
In 1975, we bought riceranics and in 2008 we acquired dew.
Aluminium cans and vases and cups were purchased in Japan in 2015.
In Colorado, Texas, Tanner set up plant services and oil in Houston, and
Ceramic products, aluminacis, extend U.S. operations.
Figure 18: Coorstek products, consumption and household goods.
Chemical products Defence and security Aeronautical defence
Professional assembly products Chemical vessels and chemicals Mining and gas utility and regenerative products
Home durable goods Leisure, luxury goods Processing products
Food and agriculture, semiconductor pre-manufacturing, semiconductor backseat sealing.
Communications and computer optical displays Semiconductor crystal round processing Construction and precision industry and pulp
Research and development of advanced materials that create high barriers, internal and external, and move to hundreds of billions of dollars of market value.
From the point of view of the development of Kyoto china and coorstek, there is a commonality between endogenous R & D, global M & As and market expansion. On the one hand, R & D has been strengthened internally, while on the other hand it has been extended to global M & D, and new products have been developed and sold from home to global.
Exchange of information, office files, living and environmental protection: The coorstek product is based on ceramic products and covers chemical, electronic, energy, medical, semiconductor, defense products. The product line expands from structural ceramics to high-end functional ceramics. In terms of product sales, it expands from home to global.
Mergers and offshore subsidiaries and production bases have expanded product sales worldwide: coorstek was first established in the United States, while products were sold in the United States, and subsequently opened up European and Asian markets and globalized. Internal and domestic research has been intensified, external mergers and acquisitions have been globalized, and products have moved from home to international, from small companies and coorstek to globalization.
In terms of external M&As and product expansion, the KJS integration, coorstek always revolved around core ceramic products. The KJC started with advanced ceramics, and the product was configured and expanded, and then moved to the system, with products covering mobile phones, computers, printers.
The core products of the ceramics in Kyoto have been growing steadily, but their mobile phones, computers, printers, etc. have performed fairly well. Coorstek has followed a very different strategy, always focusing on advanced ceramic technology, with product extension, from the beginning of metal plating to silicon carbonide, carbide, silicon oxide, carbonated silicon products for integration.
With advanced ceramic technology at its core, strategies to expand to advanced materials and more high-end applications are worth learning from domestic firms.
From the history of Kyoto china and coorstek, we have the following lessons to learn: one: to expand the product at the heart of the industrial chain, always around core competencies. In terms of product expansion, Kyoto china eventually moves to system set-up, and coorstek always expands around core ceramic products.
Businesses such as printers, photocopiers, office equipment and cell phones are growing slowly, and mobile phones have once become a drag on companies. Coorstek has always expanded around core ceramic products, and has become industry leader in the area of breakdown. The gap between the three rings and the products of Kyoto and Coorstek is the way to replace them.
Leverage two: focus on research and development, expanding product categories through endogenous and expansive growth. Kyeong and coorstek are both core-based ceramic capabilities, constantly expanding the range and application of products in both endogenous and expansive ways, leading to growth.
The advanced ceramics sector has a large market space, high barriers, and high product expansion. The state-owned ceramics company should be supported by advanced ceramic nuclear technology, research and development of advanced materials around core capabilities, expanding applications through extended mergers and acquisitions.
Global layout of products and markets to capture high barriers and high profits in the industrial chain is the right plant for advanced ceramic enterprises in the country.
Founded in 1970, the Three Rings group, formerly the Radio Ceramic Plant, was transformed from a State-owned enterprise in 1992 into Tianzhou Tricycle Company Ltd., and was listed in 2014. At present, the company has developed into an advanced electronic ceramic production company with new electronic components and their base materials as its core business, operating on fibre-optic ceramic cores, ceramic envelopes, mlcc,
mature operations such as fuel cell diaphragm panels, fingerprint identification caps, new types of operations such as ceramic cell backheads, electronic slurry, etc. Technical barriers are high in the electronic ceramics industry, where the company is the only company in the stock market to have access to all process links from powder raw materials, hairs, scaldings, backtracking, critical equipment, self-made or modified, with barriers to each of the links
The company’s overall Māori rate has been maintained at over 44% and net interest rates at over 33% after the company’s listing. By branch, except for the traditional business (retardation, ceramic matrix) which is about 30% gross profit, the rest of the industry has more than 40% profit.
The tri-ring group has a strong profitability in the entire electronic plate; the Maori rate and net interest rate rankings are higher than those of a leading e-plate company.
== sync, corrected by elderman == @elder_man
Yangjie technology, grand technology, Fara Electronics.
PV San Angang Electronic 2.2 R & D investment is steadily increasing to enhance core competitiveness
The company implements an innovation-driven cycle of “mass generation, reserve generation, research generation, research generation,” based on the “material+” strategy, constantly develops new products and successfully pushes them to the market, actively develops new customers, and further improves market ownership of major products. In the area of deep-cultivation of electronic ceramics, the public sector has for almost 50 years had a deep technological and equipment base in the field of electronic ceramics.
Construction of the Guangdong Electronic Ceramic Engineering Research and Development Centre, which was established in 2013 as the basis for the establishment of the Three-Red Institute, which currently has more than 800 full-time research and development staff. The Institute ' s equipment has been able to meet the research and development needs of new products, analyses, small tests, mid-tests, etc. The research and development projects cover composite materials, optical devices, new energy sources, electronic components, electronic slurry, etc.
In 2014, the company established a committee of scientific and technical experts, with five engineers and four specialists in specialized disciplines as members of the committee, to provide guidance and technical advice on the development of the company ' s projects, thereby contributing to faster and better development of the company ' s operations: in 2015, the post-doctoral research workstation of the Consortium was established and the Consortium was listed as a Chinese electronic component in the same year.
In the same year, the company opened a new research building, acquired a large number of high-precision analytical and detection instruments, expanded the pool of talent in the Research Institute and Equipment Department, and increased research and development in optical and electro-optical integration equipment, smart robots, etc., to accommodate unintelligent and automated production needs.
Figure 23: R & D layout of the Three-Rirls Institute will work to address technological trends in new electronic components, new materials, in the context of strategic enterprise development and application market conditions, and in the context of major demand and scientific and technological developments in strategic and emerging industries in the country, with large market capacity and technology-responsible.
New electronic components and related new materials, which are urgently needed for market development abroad, are at the core of the research effort, seeking to become a top-notch industry, with a critical base and platform for building together technology R & D, technology resource services, industrial advancement and talent ladders.
Figure 24: The company established a three-ring institute in 2013 Chart 25: Post-Doctoral Research Workstations in 2015 Research and development of intellectual and advanced materials with high barriers, both internally and externally and towards hundreds of millions of dollars of market value
Corporate R & D investment continues to grow and the number of R & D people continues to grow. Since their listing, companies have steadily increased their R & D investment. In 2016, the increase was significant, with R & D spending increasing by 24.67% compared to the previous year, bringing the number of full-time R & D to 634; in 2017, R & D investment increased to $113 million, with an increase of 9.82%, and R & D personnel to 834 people.
Research and development of a number of new items, such as electronic slurry, ceramic envelopes, and cutting knives, as well as the remodelling of coded smart production lines to reduce labour costs. Companies’ research and development inputs are now generating revenue, mobile back-ceramic back-cap operations have started to move to the market, and new operations, such as electronic slurry, ceramic envelopes, are expected to become new growth points in 2018.
Since 2011, the number of corporate patents has increased rapidly, with companies gaining more than 200 patents in 2016. Meanwhile, the cycle of research and development for new products has been significantly shortened, from the previous decade to the current generation of new products in 3-5 years, while the layout of companies has accelerated, with new products such as electronic slurry, ic-encapsture cutters, and new energy batteries.
To strengthen corporate R & D, accelerate the pace of research and development on new products, seize strategic highlands of technology, and lay the foundation for firm ' s long-term stable development.
After more than 50 years of accumulation of sedimentation, the tri-ring group has a strong professional equipment manufacturing team and extensive manufacturing capacity, accumulated in ceramics, glass, physics, chemistry, and back-track processing, operating and building a Chinese-owned technology platform for materials.
At present, 90% of the company’s critical equipment and components are self-made, meeting basic production needs, and meeting the research and development needs of new products, analyses, small tests, mid-tests, etc. The company’s testing system is well developed, with voltage, insulation, cold heat cycles, mechanical performance, surface contour tests, mass spectrometers, x-rays, visual detection equipment, electron microscopes, etc.
Advanced equipment guarantees the company ' s research and development process and product quality. Research and development projects cover areas of specialization such as composite materials, optical devices, new energy sources, electrical sub-components, electronic slurry and non-standard machinery design, software, industrial automation, simulations, thermal technology.
The development of new products provides a solid equipment base and is an important reason for companies to enjoy a higher Māori rate. 2.3 Incentives are flexible, culturally pragmatic and well managed.
At the time the company was listed, the company held 72.464 million shares, representing 18.93% of the stock. In December of the year, 719 core employees were given 1.51 million restricted shares. The company secured the core team ' s komín: company announcement, Taipingze Institute.
A pragmatic and effective culture that encourages innovation and rewards for employees. The three-ring group is a people-centred management concept that creates a corporate culture of “good faith, diligence, technological innovation, respect for talent, collaboration and love.” Companies provide staff dormitories, build libraries with more than 40,000 books, hold group weddings every year, and so on.
On January 20, 2018, the Consortium launched the annual Technology and Management Innovation Awards and the Tricycle Stars and Non-Certificate Model Awards. Awards were awarded for 248 technology and management innovation projects completed in 2017, of which 1 was awarded a first-class award, 13 were awarded a third-level award, 64 were awarded a fourth-level award and 170 were awarded a benefit.
Figure 32: Tri-Cluster Group Wedding Chart 33: Tri-Circle 2017 Recognition Congress Companies apply fine-tuning management in various production sectors, such as procurement, processing, marketing, etc. In procurement, companies use direct procurement models
For the most part, the cost of purchasing has been reduced; companies have reduced their stock backlogs by setting reasonable stock levels for the bulk of commonly used goods according to different monthly production zones; companies have developed a comprehensive appraisal system to ensure that their raw materials stock is reasonable and fast. In processing, high self-sufficiency of company equipment reduces the cost of company production.
The cost of sales is only about 2 per cent of the company ' s sales costs; the company prepares the goods on the basis of sales framework agreements and historical sales experience, avoiding pressure-free goods; and the company puts the safe return of funds above all, minimizing the loss of bad debts. 2.4 The effects of endogenous technology homogeneity platforms are highlighted, with both domestic and external product and market expansion taking place.
On the same side of the technology, the tri-ring group has the power of advanced ceramic technology to integrate vertically from powders, furs, sinters, and after-processing, and the company ' s products are based on the expansion of core technical products.
The Division's porcelain tablets and fuel cell diaphragm panels share the same technology: the key technology and companies in the M&A microms dot valves are experts in research and development of advanced materials that create high barriers, both internally and externally, and move to a market value of hundreds of millions of dollars.
In terms of customer overlap, the company’s product lines are rich, and in the future it will provide the same client with more product types, and the future will be further enhanced as the company’s products become more abundant. The platform’s effects are highlighted, with external M&As and the integration of resources and markets on a global scale.
In April 2017, the tri-ring group reached a consensus with former shareholders of vermesmicrodispensinggmbh to buy 100% of the shares and sign a stock purchase 4% a year and the remaining 4% in 2023. On August 7, 2017, the company completed the first stage of the purchase.
The tri-ring group can provide the key components of the micro-mis, and can help the micro-mis open the Chinese market. The tri-ring group’s ability to integrate resources globally is at first sight, and we judge that the tri-ring group will continue to integrate resources and markets globally in the future.
3 Business analysis: Rapid release of existing products, stock of new products, 3.1 3 ring group business system, 3 ring group deep-culturation ceramic materials industry for nearly 50 years, following the pace of modern and new ceramic industry development, companies in materials, products and installations
With a wealth of experience in R & D and manufacturing, mastering core technologies in a variety of fields, autonomous innovation and research and development capabilities, and a further 28 years as the 100-strong company in China's electronic components, fibre-optic ceramic cores, aluminium oxide ceramic tablets, electrical resistors, etc., are among the world's leading sales, compressor cable end-ends are the first in the domestic market, and ceramic envelopes are the only products in the country.
The main products include: ceramic fibre-optic cores, ceramic appearances, semiconductor components, electronic components, fuel cell diaphragms, compressor cords, and products such as ceramic capacitors and electrical blockers developed in the last two years. There is currently a rich technological reserve of modular products with certain functions, such as batteries, moving from structural ceramics to functional ceramics, and from individual stand-alone ceramics to modularization.
Research and development specialists in advanced materials with high barriers, internal and external, and hundreds of millions of dollars of market value, based on core technology, are constantly expanding their products. When the tri-ring group was formed, it was built on ceramic-based bodies and fixed electrical barriers, which were widely used for household appliances, and now has the world’s highest product sales; until 1996, it was successfully developed to block the use of aluminum oxide.
Ceramic tiles, applied to tiles, thick membrane circuits; multi-layer ceramic capacitors were developed in 2000 to break through nanopowder, bme magma technology and metal ceramic co-burning technology to achieve multi-layer ceramic capacity production; photocommunication ceramic cores and tubes were also developed in 2000 to enrich product lines. Sofc fuel cell insulation matrixes were developed in 2004 to feed a single large client, Bloomergy.
Goods; Ceramic envelopes and connectors have been developed in 2008, and the Ceramic envelopes have been widely used in crystalline seals to break foreign monopolies, helium-based cauldron tiles have been developed in 2010, photoelectronic crystal envelopes have been developed in the outer shell in 2010, an arctic support sofc single batteries have been developed in 2012, the consumer electronic appearance field in 2014, the c-envelope ceramic machete has been successfully developed in 2016 and developed in 2017
The tri-ring group, based on core technology, is constantly expanding its products, and the new product is being further upgraded to new areas: from the product development process, the company’s roll-out of new products has accelerated since 2008.
The main application is to achieve high fibre-optic accuracy, which is applied to intelligent terminals.
Multiple layers of stacks of batteries to be used in high-power led to achieve chips and external circuits
An important component of the connector will be connected to the conductive function of the device by means of a reaction device.
Retardors, thick membrane cameras.
Parts, widely used in light, the only technological wall that breaks through the country, chemically transforms into electricity.
Igbt Power Modules and Thick Baskets to achieve mass production, film printing circuits, end-of-life
The product gradients move in an orderly manner to ensure steady growth in the long term. Based on the product maturity and market space of the tri-ring group, we're...
The product of the tri-ring group is divided into three categories: the first is a mature and stable group of products characterized by a high rate of technological maturity and steady future development, and the company ' s ceramic fibre-optic cores, electrical resistance, wired endpoints belong to such a group; the second is a fast-growing group of products, which can open up greater market space as the range of applications expands, and the tri-ring group expands with technological and cost advantages.
Energy production, rapid seizure of market share, company consumption of electronics, pkg, ceramic tablets, mlcc, fuel cell media matrix, ceramic machetes, electronic slurries, voltage jet valves are in the second category; the third category consists of stocks of products, including reactors. Research and development experts in advanced materials that create high barriers, both internally and externally, move to a market value of hundreds of millions of dollars.
The three-circle product gradients move forward, mature and stable products provide stable cash flows, fast-growing products lead to firm growth in the medium term, and reserve products drive long-term growth. 3.2 mature and stable products provide stable cash flows
The three ring groups ' mature and stable products include ceramic fibre cores, wired enders, electrical resistance, which are technologically mature and produce long life cycles, steady growth, and provide stable cash flow. 3.2.1 Ceramic fibre cores: volume increases are stable, model alternatives to national production.
The three-ring group developed the ceramic fibre-optic core and cylinder products in 2000 as important components for achieving a fibre-to-optic link. The ceramic fibre core is used in combination with the cylinder, mainly for fibre-optic connectors. The fibre-optic connector functions at the end of the fixed fibre-optic wire and, through the peripherals, achieves a high degree of alignment and firmness with another fibre-optic line, mainly fibre-optic lines and fibre-optic ceramic plugs.
The fibre optic connector is the largest electronic element used in the optical communication system and is widely applied to optical modules, fibre optic connectors and optical sender modules. The specific downstream applications include, inter alia, the construction of the communications base station, fibre optic network and the idc data centre.
Research and development of advanced materials with high barriers, both internal and external, leading to hundreds of billions of dollars of market value
The fibre-optic ceramic core is based on oxidized powder as the main raw material, and the material formulation is stringent; the raw materials are made from processes such as combing, injection, high temperature filamentation and precision grinding, and the process is demanding; for the precise transmission of signals, the fibre-optic ceramic core is very sophisticated, and the central axis of the product must be more than 1 micrometer.
Model products must also have a similarity of less than 4 μm and fibre-optic ceramic cores have a high technical barrier. Figure 42: Fibre-ceramic process flow maps with core technology, cost-control advantages, import substitution models.
The main costs of ceramic fibre-optic cores include oxidation powder, consumables, human costs, and depreciation of equipment, of which the cost of direct raw materials is more than 60%. The tri-rings are now fully self-sufficient in powders and in the form of critical materials, which has significantly reduced the cost. Until 2012, oxidized powders were largely dependent on Japanese imports.
Starting in 2012, the tri-ring group started making its own powder, which was purchased from the outside, expensive, and then homemade, and well controlled; with regard to equipment, the tri-ring group achieved self-regulation of the core production equipment, increased automation, increased efficiency, and improved efficiency, and further reduced costs. The porcelain core was sold for about $18 at the earliest, under a positive three-ring competition.
Prices have now fallen from 20 to about 40 cents, with the tri-ring group’s market share having been virtually non-existent, to about 70%, which is an example of an import substitution for state-produced and advanced ceramic products. The tri-ring group’s market share of existing products is expected to replicate the core in the future, and has a large market share globally.
In terms of the communications base stations, the use of ceramic cores increased exponentially as the construction of 5g moved forward. From 2g, 3g, 4g to 5g, the rate of transmission of information increased, the frequency of communications increased, the wavelength of signals decreased significantly, the coverage reduced, the density of the base stations increased and more needed to be built.
According to the China Institute of Connected Network Technology, the number of 5g base stations is more than twice the size of 4g, and the surge in the number of base stations is bound to produce a larger demand for fibre-optic connections, which is the main driving force in the fast-growing market for fibre-optic cores. In data centre construction, large-scale data centres are constantly moving forward, generating more fibre-optic core demand.
The data from the 2015-2016 China Idc Industrial Development Study show that the overall Idc market will continue to grow at a rate of over 35% over the next three years, with the size of China ' s Idc market approaching 140 billion yuan by 2018 and the data centre continuing.
In terms of fibre optic networks, mainly from fibre optics to households, according to Ministry of Information and Communications statistics, the number of Internet broadband users in 2016 reached a cumulative level of 297 million, compared to 420 million in the country, with a penetration rate of 70.7%, so that nearly 30% of the future market space remains open.
Research and development specialists in advanced materials that create high barriers, both internally and externally, will move to a market value of hundreds of millions of dollars, with a 10-percent increase in the volume of the three ring groups ' ceramic fibre cores and cylinders for the next three years. The company has a fully fledged production line for fibre-optic ceramics, and the quality of the product has been recognized in the market.
The company’s products dominate the market, with the company’s products being preferred by the major communications operators and suppliers of communications equipment, with the company’s market share having reached 50% by the time it was listed;
The Division has achieved a market share of nearly 70 per cent through a significant price reduction initiative and has become an absolute leader in the market, and we believe that, in the industry sector, the projected 10 per cent increase in sales in the ceramic fibre-optic cores and holster markets is slightly faster than in the industry.
The three-ring group's electrical resistance products are mainly ceramic and ceramic resistance. The resistance is based on ceramic resistance, with carbon, metal membrane resistance, metal oxide resistance, smelting out resistance, ceramic containment cement resistance. The tri-ring group's products are equally powerful, small in size, low in price, and provide various resistance values. The company's resistance is mainly used for home-based electricity products, which have stabilized in recent years.
Research and development specialists in advanced materials with high barriers, both inside and outside, and moving towards hundreds of millions of market values, company wired endpoints are metal glass-contained products that fully immerse melted glass with preoxidized burning metal or alloy surfaces.
The glass-metal envelope consists of three parts of a cap, glass and core, with a good insulation, low heat conductivity, and a closed insulation medium between the cap and the core. The compressor connectors, the end of which is one of the most important components in the refrigerator and air-conditioning chillers. Welding the end metal cap into the compressor shell.
In recent years, the domestic electricity market has saturated with the refrigerator market, the refrigerator and air conditioning sales have stabilized, so the demand for wire enders has stabilized and future wire end products have been maintained
3.3 Rapid development category operations: promotion of firm stability in the medium term Rapid development category business products have scope for upgrading, as the scope of application expands to open up greater market space, tri-ring groups expand their production capacity with technological and cost advantages and quickly seize market share, companies consume electronics, pkg, ceramic tablets, mlcc,
Fuel cell media matrix, ceramic machetes, electromagnets, voltage jet valves are such operations. 3.3.1 Consumption of electron exteriors: cellular ceramic backhells and wearable exteriors; Mobile ceramic exteriors: provision of high-end properties, benefiting 5g trend
The main backboards of smartphones are currently metal (aluminium/magnetium alloys, stainless steel, etc.), plastics (mainly polycarbonate) and reinforced glass. Because of their appearance, especially the matter of shell matter, colour, etc., they have become a tool for competition and targeting users, many brands have introduced ceramic back-up phones in the last two years.
To date, mobile phone manufacturers such as Cube, Hua, I+, Mi and others have followed up and used oxidized porcelain as a backboard. At present, the back cap is less permeable by cost prices and production capacity, and we believe that mainstream brands will use ceramic backhells when the cost and productivity problems are resolved. Since 2017, millix2s and oppor15 have been using ceramic backhells, and in the second half of the year they will be used.
In addition, with the spread of 5g communications and wireless charge, the backhell will no longer be used for metal, and ceramics will benefit fully from the trend of cellular backhell demetallicization. In wireless recharge, three stars, Galaxys/edge, Galaxy, develop and build advanced materials for high barriers, and move to hundreds of millions of market values, both internally and externally.
Note, Sonyxperiaz4v, Googlenexus6, Mimix2s, Wadomaters, etc., have all used wireless charging power. As Apple's new phone, iphonex, uses wireless charging, the general trend of wireless charging has been confirmed. Because of the shielding and absorption of metal casings on the electromagnetic field, the wireless charging function cannot be used behind the metal.
But electromagnetic waves can easily penetrate non-metal materials such as plastics, glass, ceramics, and mobile phones need to use non-metal backcaps if they are to perform wireless charge functions. The metal backhells of the 5g era shield the antenna signals and the mimotangular antennas of 8x8 or 16x16 cannot be reached on the metal backshells, and their demetallicization is the inevitable trend.
Figure 50: Ceramic shell cellular products
Xiaoyong's 5-grass edition before the dream of ivvisó oppor15
Ceramic backhells are used to provide a different quality. Demetallicization of the backhell shows that substitute materials are glass, plastics, and ceramics. Plastic materials are the cheapest, but due to poor wearability, heat evaporation; glass and ceramic materials are sour, lightly and physically sensitive; ceramic backshells are so strong that they are more resistant to bending, grinding, scratching, dispersive.
The heat is much more in line with modern-day aesthetic and consumer psychology. The three-ring group has introduced a series of fire phoenix ceramics, using nanograde dioxidium dioxide powder, with super-resistance, super-resistible fractures, good rigidity, and high-resilient grinding, and unshielded signals.
Colored ceramic backhells provide a richer choice for differentiation. They can also achieve colored backhells, patterned backhells, more advanced material experts who develop high barriers, internal and external, and move to hundreds of millions of market value options. With regard to colored backheats, the tri-ring groups can achieve pearl white, star black, crystal powder, cherry grass yellow, shallow grass green,
A multi-coloured backhell, such as deep-sea blue, can also be custom-made to stamp backhells, incorporate cultural elements, and become a fashion stream. Figure 54: Three-ring group stampings and increasingly coloured ceramic shell products. Good rate, lower cost, scale effects, and porcelain backhell penetration is expected to increase significantly.
The unit cost of the shell is about $100-200, which is dozens of dollars higher than the cost of the 3d glass shell of 80-120 dollars, limiting the large-scale use of the ceramic shell. Currently, the tri-ring 3d ceramic shell has a good rate of 60% or more, and there is room for further improvement in the future, with an increase in the rate of downside costs and lower costs for downstream use.
Compared to a separate metal box + ceramic backhell, it saves the metal middle box and provides a better user experience, and in the future, when the cost of the unibody backhell is reduced to the same size as the glass backhell + metal box, it will be replaced. We measure 12% penetration of the cell phone ceramic backhell in 2022, the average price of the cell phone backhell is reduced to $120, and the future market will be empty.
Three rings lead the world in the development of the industry. Three rings recommend the development of advanced materials with a powder system, hair-forming, hair-forming, advanced materials that create high barriers, both internally and externally, and move to a 100 billion market value.
Production capacity, which has reached 3 million m/m in 18 years, and a 1 m/m supply capacity. Downstream manufacturers actively sampled, and now mills and oppo are starting to produce ceramic backhells, with more than a million pieces of ceramic machine shells accumulated, and the head of the global cell phone ceramic backhells are coming out, promising prospects for the future.
Figure 57: Three rings of new journeys into ceramics to wear equipment and ceramic appearances: the penetration rate is increasing, in addition to cellular backhells, the use of ceramics on the equipment is expanding. Apple's applewatch3 is becoming the most popular.
In addition to the typical representation of the ceramic base, which is used for watch products, ticwatch uses ceramic shells such as the Wamy Hand Ring, the maazonfit, and the ticwatch. The ceramic shell provides the advantage of a gem-like look, a warm hand, a skin-sensitive look, an excellent look, and a comfortable wear. The ceramic is increasingly a choice of high-end products to wear.
Figure 58: Ceramic base equipment, which includes products such as smart watches, smart bracelets, etc., has shown a rapidly growing trend in recent years. In 2016, the total amount of equipment available for the ball was 2,65.8 million (including blue-tooth headphones), with a projected increase in global availability in 2017.
By 16.7 per cent, total sales would amount to 31,037 million, with a global total of $30.5 billion, of which $9.3 billion would come from experts in advanced materials using apples for research and development to build high barriers, and would move to hundreds of millions of market value-added smart watch-type products, represented by applewatch and three stargear. By 2021, the world was expected to sell 505 million serviceable products.
Equipment, of which smart watch sales will be close to 81 million, or 16 per cent of the overall sales of worn equipment. The rapid growth of equipment handheld products, the increased penetration of ceramic casings, and the expansion of market space for ceramic appearances.
Ceramic envelopes are mainly used in the field of stone crystalline insinuation chips, filters, and radio frequency. Ceramic envelopes are printed with guidance graphics and impulsive ceramic chips with electrical guidance holes, folded in order to protect the atmosphere from the scalding process, resulting in a three-dimensional interconnectivity structure that provides a platform to install the chip from external mechanical damage and to satisfy the air density.
The tri-ring group developed a successful ceramic envelope in 2008, breaking foreign monopolies and starting a process of national import substitution. The ceramics have a strong, rigid, low-heat-inflated physical properties that allow the cavity structure to be designed to better meet the need for miniaturization.
The market space is huge. The three rings are concentrated in crystalline smd products. The quartz crystal amplifier is based on the use of stone crystals (silicon dioxide crystals).
The voltage effect is made of a calibration device, which is structured as: cutting thin pieces from a single stone crystal by a certain azimuth, coating the silver layer on its two equivalents as an electrode, welding each of the two electrodes to the soles, with the envelopement of the outer shell, which is a rock crystal resonator, which is the basic electronic element in the electronics.
For data-processing equipment to generate clock signals and provide baseline signals for specific systems, they are widely used in colours, computers, remote controls, mobile phones, cameras, and object network terminals, and in order to adapt to the trend of miniaturization, thinning and precision of electronic wholes, the crystals element is being miniaturized.
In the future, as the demand for car electronics and goods network increases, the global market for stone components is expected to grow by 2-3%, and the price of crystalline ceramic pkg is now about 10 cents, and crystallized ceramic pkg.
In the case of ceramicsmd seals, the three rings can be expanded in the future by filter sealing the base, image sensor sealing the base, and radio frequency wrapping products. In the case of filters, multi-mode multi-frequencys will significantly increase the use of filters.
Two filters are required for firing and receiving circuits, with an average of 30 filters in 4g mobile phones; for GSM, experts in the development of advanced materials for building high barriers, both internally and externally, and moving to hundreds of millions of market value mobile phones, with 40 frequencies supported in the case of Apple ihpne7. The number of filters required is as high as 80.
With 50 bands, the number of frequencies supported by individual mobile phones will reach 91, the number of filters will be as high as 182, and the demand for filters in the future will increase explosively in the 5g era. According to Navian, the total market model of the radio frequency front end modules for mobile communications terminals will increase from $11.94 billion in 2015-2019 to $21.21 billion, 60% of which will be the share of filters, the market.
On the image sensor side, because of the insulation, intensity, and heat-conducting properties of ceramics, the image sensor is gradually starting to be introduced into the image sensor envelope. Appleiphonex's double camera and its preset 3dsensing modules are covered with ceramics.
The heat is much more demanding, and we're judging that the ceramic envelopes in 3dsening will become mainstream. We measure that the market size of the global image sensor envelopes is about $2 billion.
In the case of radio frequency ceramic envelopes, mainly for various radio frequency magnifiers and modules. The ceramic seals have good electrical, sealing properties, mechanical and radiative properties and are widely applied to radio frequency envelopes, including multi-chip modules, multi-layer china panels, mixed integrated circuit sealing series, microwave low-noise package series, silicon and arsenic-based microwave powerware envelope series, microscopic series
In the case of single-banded electrical containment series, optical appliances and circuit containment series, cooled infrared infrared level detectors ceramic links, non-refrigerated infrared infrared level detectors metal casings, mems envelopes, etc., we measure that radio frequency in ceramic and optical packaging covers the entire market space of $2 billion.
Ceramic envelopes are expanding their applications, and it is now seen that the lidars of vehicle-borne radars have started to use ceramic envelopes, and powerful leds and others have started to use ceramic envelopes and some optical modules. Ceramic envelopes are large in size at $10 billion, with huge market space.
Three rings of pkg products are expected to replicate the ping-hole rate. In the ceramic envelopes, the process of manufacturing has high technical barriers, such as porcelain puncture, atmosphere protection, filamentation, etc., the global market has long been monopolized by Japanese enterprises, and our ceramic base supply is long-term import dependent.
One of the four companies that produced the porcelain envelopes, the other three were the porcelains, the Japanese barrier and the ntk. Japanese porcelains were the porcelain envelopes, and since they entered the porcelain envelopes market every year, the price has been reduced by more than 50%. Since 2011, the porcelain envelopes of the tri-ring group have been reduced from the initial 20 cents to 1.1 cents, with the same quality, the price has always been higher, and the tri-ring group is currently in the porcelain envelopes.
The three rings have demonstrated world-class competitiveness in ceramic fibre cores, and are expected to replicate core cores, reaching over 60% of the total.
The base market space (including crystalline seals, filter envelopes, image sensor envelopes, radio frequency envelopes, etc.) is at $10 billion, taking into account the appropriate future price reduction. In the long run, the future Ceramic Conservator Basement revenue of the Three Rings group will reach RMB 5 billion in water 3.3.3mlcc: up in volume, priority directions for the future.
Three Rings have been producing mlcc since 2000, and the company is technically focused on large-scale, high-middle-pressure, special products development and improvement, mainly in the areas of mobile communications, computers, home appliances, power sources, and led lighting. Since last year, the mlcc landscape has continued to rise, the industry chain mlcc products have been priced several times, and the company has expanded its output this year.
The year saw the introduction of low-lost wireless charge caps for wireless chargers, with good temperature characteristics, miniaturization, large capacity, low wear and tear, excellent frequency characteristics, and good voltage stability for wireless charge circuits. Three rings have invested heavily in mlcc products since this year, and mlcc product expansion and high-end expansion is a priority for the future.
The mlcc is the stacking of ceramic media films printed with metal electrodes in a multilayered way, with atmosphere-protected high-temperature filament forming a chip as a whole, and the coating of the tip of the chip with conductive slurry to form multiple capacitors, which is essentially a piece of capacitor that acts as oscillation, coupling, sidewalking and filtering in electronic circuits.
Figure 69: mlcc Structure Chart 70: The company ' s mlcc product processing process, whose main advantages are small size, wide frequency range, long life, low cost, have been widely applied to communications, computers, elimination
Cost-based electronics, auto electronics, and other information electronics. At present, ceramic sintering technology is mature and allows for large-scale, high-quality production, while mlcc is one of the fastest-growing electronic component varieties.
The mlcc component will grow at a combined rate of 10% in the next three years. The mlcc element is a passive component, which, with the advent of the 5g era, will become more complex and diversified in its end-product function and will increase in its power consumption, thus requiring more passive components to perform such functions as steady pressure, smooth flow, filtering, coupling, matching, etc., which will continue to drive increased demand for mlcc.
Domains will be the most visible driving force, with a traditional car using approximately 1,000 to 4,000 passive components into the networked car age, with an estimated 5,000 to 10,000 passive units expected to be used, with a doubling of demand; smartphone technology upgrades will increase the demand for micromlcc, a standard smart phone typically requiring 300 to 800 patches of electron in its 5g-era smartphones.
In the next three years, the mlcc industry will increase at a compound rate of more than 10%. The mlcc market and technology are in the hands of Japanese firms. At present, the mlcc high-end technology is in the hands of Japanese firms, which can produce 800 to 1,000 floors of mlcc, with medium thickness approaching 1m, and domestic manufacturers can provide only 300 floors of mlcc.
Majorly dominated by Japanese, Korean and Taiwan enterprises, in 2016, Murata, Samsung, tdk, Sun Intuitive, Kimmy, Guinjiang, Maru and mlcc research and development specialists in advanced materials with high barriers, both internally and externally, and moving towards hundreds of millions of market values, with a total market share of 87% and a high market concentration, with mainland producers mainly in Shenzhen Wooyang, Fenghua High, Tri-ring and torch electronics.
At present, Japan and Korea are moving away from low- and medium-end manufacturing capacity to high-scale mlcc, with good firms doing large mlcc operations. Regular mlcc has been very competitive over the years, with very low profits; high-end ultra-small mlcc and high-containable mlcc technologies are difficult and demanding.
By the end of 2016, the overseas giants announced a substantial reduction in the production capacity of products below 0603, 0805, and 1210 (including the car code gcm series) and a full market extension of small-scale materials. On 2 March 2018, they announced a 50% reduction in the production capacity of the “old product group” and an increase in production.
In mid-2016, tdk announced the exit of the regular mlcc market, stating that a two-month notice had been issued to the customer requesting the customer to find another supplier. On February 1, 2018, Kyeongcor announced the shutdown of 104, 105 specifications mlcc at the end of February, the most tight mlcc model.
There is a large market ratio, with giants withdrawing from conventional capacity, and releasing a certain market space for continental enterprises, especially the tri-ring group, at the current stage of market entry, which would allow companies to gain more market shares and high-quality customers to lay the groundwork for future development of high-end mlcc. The mlcc stock situation continues, with company expansion increasing the benefits of mlcc operations.
Two main reasons for this round increase are the rising cost of all raw materials since the fourth quarter of 2016, which continues to this day; and the fact that solar producers have withdrawn from the general mlcc market and moved to the higher end of the market, increasing demand downstream, which has led to a tight supply of mlcc. The new round of mlcc capacity transformation is now deepening, the mlcc shortage is continuing, and it is projected that mlcc will continue.
Prices will remain strong, and low-level mlcc products will remain relatively high. In 2017, the company ' s mlcc output will be full, and in 2018, it will continue to expand, with prices keeping up and growing in parallel from market share and income during the mlcc-capability transition.
The tri-ring group successfully developed aluminium oxide porcelain tablets in 1996 for use in tablet resistance; in 2009 it was successfully developed with nitrogen-based aluminium porcelain sheets for high-power led lamps to encircle heatdispers, gbt power modules and thick membrane circuits. The porcelain tiles are based on electro-cortaneous ceramics and form a microfilm circuit component and extrapolation elements to support the base. The porcelain tablets have high temperature resistance and electro-insulation.
Research and development of advanced materials that create high barriers, both internally and externally, leading to hundreds of millions of market value, high performance, low power constants and medium losses, high heat conductivity, good chemical stability, and similarity to the heat-inflated coefficient of components. Ceramic tablets are mainly used in the manufacture of tablets, high-voltage focus units, thick-film integrated circuits, mini-positioners, crystals.
The most common titanium tablets in the market are aluminium oxide, aluminium nitrous and ceramics co-burning with low temperature. Currently, the company ' s aluminum oxide tiles are used mainly for a bit of electrical resistance, while the company has also developed nitro-aluminium tiles, nitro-aluminium tiles, which are used mainly for high-power led encapsulating bulk thermal panels, and the gbt power module for thin film use.
According to the China Electronics Association Information Centre, the current global supplier of ceramic tablets is Japanese enterprises.
Mainly, Japanese companies, Japanese companies, nci, Kowloon, etc.. The pattern of competition in 2012 is as follows. Ceramic tiles produced by tri-ring groups, aluminium oxide tiles produced by companies, flat products, consistent pressure depths, positive-reverse pressure marks are accurate for position, high resistance, good insulation, good match with printed magma, and good surface coarse control. Product-based chemistry and use performance are internationally high.
At the same level of advanced products, well-known manufacturers such as the U.S. Vishay, the Japanese primer, the South Korean Samsung Electric, the Taiwan powers, the Taiwan Xinhua Science and Technology, and the Chinese Fenghua High Technology are now customers of companies. Companies have developed autonomous innovation advantages in materials, equipment, molds, and production technologies, with product quality at industry level, cost control, and market share expanding.
In 2017, the tri-ring group is expected to increase to over 40-50% of the world’s market share of ceramic tablets. Research and development specialists in advanced materials with high barriers, both internally and externally, are moving to hundreds of billions of dollars in market value.
Since 2018, there has been a significant increase in orders and sales for the company ' s porcelain products, which has benefited from the upgrading of car electron, the expansion of the reed lighting application landscape, the development of material networking and the spread of smart homes, as well as a significant increase in the demand for the market for the porcelain. The market space for the porcelain will continue to expand.
Four manufacturers, Panasonic and others, have a combined power supply of about 90 billion units, estimated at about 40% of the capacity transferred to a car in 2018, equivalent to a reduction of 36 billion units in general consumption, which is about one tenth of the world's capacity. The power supply is tight, and the price of the titanium has been raised several times over.
Aluminium nitrogen conductor, hundreds of times greater than aluminium oxide, is used for the more stringent radiating properties of aluminium ceramics base sheets, mainly for high-power led wrapping of the dispensary base plate, and the igbt power module to print circuits in thin film. Aluminium nitrogen has already been used for ceramic chips.
3.3.5 Fuel cell operations: From sofc electrolysis matrix to reactor, future growth is clear. Three Rings successfully developed the sofc fuel cell medium matrix in 2004, followed by sofc single cells and experts in research and development of advanced materials with high barriers.
Fuel cell reactors. Currently the sofc medium matrix is the largest supplier of bloomenergy, and the sofc fuel cell developed has started to be sold on a trial basis on the German market.
Sofc medium diaphragms Information rice source: Triple Bad Orchestra, Faulcell, a fuel cell that directly converts chemical energy in fuel and oxidizers into electrical power.
It consists of negative (fuel electrodes) and positives (oxidizer electrodes) and electrolytes. Fuel cells provide continuous power supply to the outside world by constantly entering the fuel and oxidizers required at the same time as the reaction.
The main components of the fuel cell are electrodes (electrode), electrolytic diaphragms (electrolytemembrane) and collectors.
The main function of the electrochemical reaction site is to sequester the oxidizer and the regenerant, and to transmit the ion, so that the diaphragm is as thin as possible, but also as strong as it is. Collectors, also known as bipolarlates, have the ability to collect currents, separable oxidizers and reduction agents, decomposed reaction gases, etc.
The performance of collectors depends mainly on their material properties, current design, and processing techniques. Fuel cells have high energy conversion rates, flexible installation sites, power station power, as needed, by experts in research and development of intellectually-made advanced materials with high barriers, both internally and externally, to hundreds of millions of dollars in market value.
The advantages of battery reactor assembly, continuous operation, modularization, low operating noise, whether as a centralized or distributed power station, or as a stand-alone power station for small areas, factories, large buildings, can be divided into five types, depending on the electrolytic material used by the fuel cell, for proton exchange film fuel cells.
(pemfc), alkaline fuel cells (afc), phosphate fuel cells (pafc), molten carbonate fuel cells (mcfc), solid oxygen fossil fuel cells (sofc). Sofc is an efficient combination, has a wide range of applications and can be used for uninterrupted power supply and distributed power generation, and is considered to be the fuel cells with the greatest commercial potential and the least resistance in many areas.
The fuel cell market has great potential, sofc being the most powerful power generation technology in the fuel cell; according to Grandview, the size of the fuel cell market is about $3.21 billion in 2015 and is expected to exceed $10 billion in 2020. Sofc has the hope that more than 20% of cagr will be the fastest growing area in the fuel cell.
Research and development experts in advanced materials with high barriers, internal and external, and moving towards hundreds of billions of market value, the future of sofc fuel cell development is clear. Sofc’s biggest client is Bloomergy, the world’s leading solid oxide fuel cell (sofc).
In 2006, Bloom Energy launched a first five kilowatt pilot fuel cell system for the University of Tennessee. In July 2008, Blum Energy built the first 100 kilowatt solid oxide fuel cell to be commercialized for Google. Since then, Bloom Energy has expanded its client base, including Adobe, At&t, Bank of America.
The California Institute of Technology, Coca Cola, coxenterprises, eBay, Federal Express, Google, Kaisermanente, Safeway, Staples, Wal-Mart, etc.
Subsidized fuel cell subsidies were re-signed in 2018, and this year the company’s sofc medium was separated from its own sofc reactor. Three rings are the core supplier of the sofc diaphragm of Bloomergy, accounting for 70% of its share of fuel cell diaphragm purchases, and will benefit from Bloomergy’s growth in the future.
Research and development specialists in advanced materials with high barriers, both internally and externally, are moving towards hundreds of billions of dollars of market value. In the case of reactors, the three rings are starting to supply downstream customers and are expected to open their markets in the future. The barriers to grid promotion are high fixed-cost investments, with costs being a core paradox, and cost problems are currently expected to be kept within acceptable limits by countries’ subsidies and technological advances.
Sofc fuel cell reactors, currently sold at 20,000 euros, with a government subsidy of 20,000 euros, have served as a good buffer against costs; and the US government has recommenced subsidizing the reactors. Sofc reactors are now running down the cost of sofc reactors, with government subsidies superimposed, and are expected to grow dramatically in the future, with three rings taking the lead, with a potential for deep future gains once the market opens.
3.3.6 Ceramic machetes: Downstream certification started, and the only production in the country was produced in 2016 by the Three Rings Group, which developed ceramic machetes suitable for chip encapsulation, for use in ic, led, copper, alloy lines. The machetes are currently composed of three main ingredients, titanium, ceramics, carbons, of which ceramics are the longest-lived and most expensive.
A porcelain cutter, as a welding needle for a Bondine machine, for diodes, triodes, silicon controlrgy, led, acoustic surface waves, ic chip, etc. Welding. With ceramics as machetes, hard, high weight, tiny crystals, high surface lightness, size, welding is divided into six steps, each of which is the golden sphere inhaled with a vacuum, the inner edge of the blade, the spherical formation, the radial formation, and the second welding.
Welding dots, tailings form, welding the tails from the second welding point, and burning balls form gold balls. The main size parameters of a machete include hole (hole diameter), tip (spire diameter), cd (chamferdia.), or (oterradius), fa (faceangle), ica (innerchamder angle), ca (chamferangel), etc. The size parameters of a machete that affects the first welding doves include h, cd, and ca.
The market space for ceramic machetes is about RMB 3 billion. The individual price of ceramic machetes is now around $30, and the main manufacturers of ceramic machetes include domestic tri-ring groups, as well as foreign spt, gaiser, peco, etc., which are the only producers in the country.
The tri-ring group became the first company in the country to develop ceramic machete products based on the advantages of ceramics, the long life of the machete, the increase in the productivity of the ball welding, the use of the device, the special crystallized structure material, the guarantee of a strong bond between the molecules, the increase in the strength of the grinding strength of the material, thereby reducing the loss of friction to the cutting edge. The consistency and accuracy of the product were high. The surface smoothness and bending were high.
In the meantime, there is a certain price advantage, and the company's ceramic machete product is already actively seeking certification for the led package, which is expected to expand to the area of encapsulation. Three rings of long-lived materials – the x series (the crystals), the a series (the drills) – are used primarily with high lethality, thus increasing the amount of material.
The product's insatiable wear and tear can deter cutting at the cutting edge and meet the higher requirements for welding. Integrated production patterns and high standards of quality testing make the x-series (the crystals) machetes display excellent performance in all kinds of led wrapping, applying to gold wires, alloy lines, copper lines.
The quality of the machetes has reached advanced levels. Of the latest laboratory products, the three-ring blades have reached a hardness of 2,200, and the sex has been increased further, leading by peers. 3.3.7 Electronic slurry: sample certification is expected to start fast.
Electronic slurry is the basic material for the manufacture of electronic components, with solid conductor powder (functional phase), adhesives and organic carriers blended through blending and tritonized into even ointment. The solid conductor powder determines the electrical performance of the slurry, affects the physical and mechanical properties of the membrane, the combination adjusts the condensation rate of the slurry, the attendant performance, etc., the dispersion of the organism, the inorganic powder in the packaged magma, and so on.
The electronic slurry is classified according to the nature and use of the thick membrane and is divided into electrical resists, medium slurry, insulated slurry, packaging slurry and conductive slurry. The conductor slurry is formed in a form that is divided into burn-and-fixed slurry, and by type of filling.
Silver slurry, copper slurry, aluminium slurry, carbon slurry, etc. Electronic slurry, as a new type of material, is far superior to traditional circuitry devices (e.g., barrier wires, heat pipes, etc.) and is environmentally friendly, efficient and energy-efficient, and its cost is also close to that of traditional materials, which will undoubtedly be the main target for future use. Currently, electronic slurry is already in solar cell electrodes, flexible printing electrons, high-resolution conductors and conductive glues, sensitive.
The high-end market for electronic mammoths is still occupied abroad, with Japan leading the small-sized high-capacity market in the area of fragments, while the United States dominates the positive market for solar energy. Domestic firms start late, with a certain gap between international levels, but domestic industries do.
Large-scale, large R & D inputs are competitive in some areas. Stimulus from the constant landscape of passive components, upstream electronic slurry, and market space continue to expand, and research has shown that the market for resistant slurry alone is now about 1.5 billion. As the price of resistance continues to rise, the market for future slurry is expected to expand.
The United States company Dubon is the world’s largest producer of electronic mammoths, producing 800-900 types of slurry, producing up to 1,000 tons a year, and selling 50% of the products on the world market. Japan’s alumni metal mining company produces more than 160 types of electronic mammoth, the main product of which is the world market.
Degussa used to be the world's largest producer of silver powder, and its company, the Demetron Mill, produced a variety of products, such as solar cell slurry and car fog-drive windows and slurry. The main product of Forroco, America, was thick membrane slurries of more than 100 different varieties.
Research and development specialists in advanced materials with high barriers, both internally and externally, have moved to a market value of hundreds of millions. Currently, domestic demand for new high-performance electronic slurry is growing, drawing on international experience with electronic slurry development.
New electronic slurry, such as tungsten slurry and molten manganese slurry, has also entered the domestic market, and there are some manufacturers in the country that can produce these two high-performance electronic slurrys. The main operations of the tri-ring group are concentrated on electrical resistance slurry, a weak piece of Chinese, which is now used internationally for resistance slurries.
The better companies are Japanese precious metals and household friends in the field, Dupont, the United States. The domestic production is not yet large-scale, and it is highly monopolistic.
3.3.8 Micro-mistres glue valves: alternative contact plaque valves, fast-track market opening April 2017, tri-ring groups reached a consensus on the acquisition of 100 per cent of the shares of the vermes through fully-owned subsidiaries and former shareholders of the vermesmicrodispensinggmbh, and entered into an equity purchase agreement, which agreed that 100 per cent of the acquisitions would take place in three stages, of which 2017
On 7 August 2017, the company completed the payment of the first step of the purchase, completed the relevant notarized procedure and was able to establish control over the finances and management of the vermes, and from the date of the acquisition vermesmicrodispensinggmbh.
The microms dot valves and pneumatic control systems are at the top of the world, and the company ' s main microglues currently include mds 3010a, mds 3020a, mds 3200+ and mds 3200+f fine mds 3,000 high jet valves supporting modern production processes worldwide, such as automobiles, medicine, smartphones, television, lamps, chip, led, micromechanical components, radio frequency recognition labels,
lc display screens and automated production of many other electronic devices. Non-contact point glues have a great advantage over contact point glues. Point glue techniques are divided into four main categories: pressure syringe, screw valve, piston pump and jet point glue. The first three are contact point glues, and the spray type is non-contact point glues.
The system is now essential in many manufacturing processes, with precision, reliability, high speed, and economic characteristics. According to the product data from Nordson, non-contact is 16 times more effective than contact glue, the same amount of contact glue, which takes 56 minutes, rather than 4 minutes, and the non-contact point glue efficiency is 16 times more effective than contact glue.
Figure 106: Comparison of non-contact point glue valves and contact point valves.
It's the most representative way to encapsulate a large number of sophisticated components. The current market-based contact point glue technology should be used mainly for auto parts, led light tubes, electronic circuit components, etc., which are partially different in terms of precision from the user's needs, if it is not applicable in the production of a more sophisticated and sophisticated electronics industry, and because of the small size of the piece of glue, it is common.
The lack of precision in the implementation of contact point glues is likely to result in a large number of undesirable products, requiring non-contact point glues to be completed, non-contact point glues to be without touching the product, spray point glue techniques to cover the product surface in the form of aerosols, and the characteristic advantages of spray point glues to be applied to flexible circuit board ejectors, with more precision and precision in the performance and higher production value for the user in need.
Research and development specialists in advanced materials that create high barriers, both internally and externally, are moving towards hundreds of billions of dollars of market value.
There are also nordsonefd and marco. The three combined global markets are close to 60%. Vermesmicrodispensing (micro series) is a complete innovation in microjet technology. Today, in glue, silicone, lubricant, organic solvents and other liquids, spray valves support modern production processes worldwide, such as automobiles, medicine, smartphones, television, lamps, chip, led, etc.
The tri-ring group’s acquisition of micro-Memes helped to further expand the domestic market. At this point, Micro-Mexis’ share in the domestic market is about 15%, and we judge that Mimis’ share in the domestic market is expected to increase even further after the acquisition.
3.4 Reserves: Building the foundations for future development, leading to long-term growth, stocking of 3Cs products, the introduction of power reactors in 2017. The 3Cs have not only structural and component research and development capabilities, but also the manufacturing capacity of functional modules. The 3Cs will rely on 3Cs for advanced research.
The three-ring institute has chemical research and development rooms, coatings research and development rooms, inorganic materials and components rooms, organic research and development rooms, slurry research and development rooms, new energy research and development rooms, photovoltaic research and development rooms, design and simulation rooms, market and technology strategy departments, testing and analysis rooms, metrology rooms, mid-testing centres, and developed and forward-looking research and development capabilities.
Transfers are in progress, and then, after these tests, transfers to mass production. Currently, the tri-ring group has a large stock of products, increased R & D inputs, and the roll-out of new products is clearly accelerated, with long-term growth logic in the future.4 Profit forecasting and investment ratings
4.1 Key assumptions and profit projections Ceramic fibre-optic cores and cylinders: after price adjustment in 2017, competitive patterns stabilized, product prices stabilized, benefiting from data centre construction, fibre-optics reaching the household, 5g base station small-scale start-up in 2018 and large-scale construction in 2020,
2. Ceramic envelopes: overseas competitors exited, tri-ring groups inherited production capacity, future ceramic envelopes expanded to filter filters, cos image sensors, radio frequency ceramic envelopes; company expansion in 2018 continued to increase class and production in the future, 3. Cellular ceramic backhells: now in Mi and Opo flagship, companies will introduce more colours and patterns in the future
The option would be to increase the number of branded high-end machines using ceramic backhells in the future, to increase the penetration rate of ceramic machineshells, and to increase the volume of company products and wool supplies in the future. 4, mlcc operations: volume increases, company expansions in 2018, and future mlcc as a priority for the company, I
On the one hand, it expands production capacity and, on the other hand, it expands to higher-end mlcc products.5 New products from companies are opening up their markets and generating income, including ceramic envelopes, electronic mammoths, voltage jets, research and development of experts in advanced materials that create high barriers, both internally and externally, and moving towards hundreds of millions of dollars of market value.
Fuel cell: Recovering the benefit of the US fuel cell subsidy policy, sofc electrolysis matrix was restored this year.7 Other operations: wired endpoints, electrical resistance, ceramic matrix, etc., remained stable.
The tri-ring group is a platform-based expert on advanced materials, up the industry chain smile curve, with high barriers, high Maori, and a leader in advanced materials in the country. The company’s barriers are high, and research and development is increasing to further strengthen the moat, compared to industry.
It's obvious that the company's products can be expanded, based on the core of advanced ceramic technology, horizontal vertically expanding new products, entering new applications, long-term growth determinations, should be valued highly. We value the company 30 times its performance in 2019, corresponding to $34. Research and development specialists in advanced materials that create high barriers, both internally and externally, and move to hundreds of millions of dollars of market value.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report