High-quality client structure leading to a platform-based vendor of tier0.5 Topper Group (601689.sh) Investment rating: buy-in (maintain)
• 40 years in the area of company auto parts, where it's the core logic for the growth of platform-based companies to get a one-way tap to a platform-type company. On the one-car value side, as products such as company heat management, airlocks, ibs, cabins, etc. are progressively produced, the company's highest single-car package is the one-car package.
On the client side, the company works steadily with Tesla on products such as light-quantified chassis, interiors, and heat management systems, while expanding into human robotic implementers. In addition, the company is deeply involved in the design and development of the entire car factory, such as Gilly, and actively promotes the Tier 0.5 cooperation model.
The company’s “big-client” strategy, with its top clients moving from up-to-date to Gilly and then to Tesla.
In addition to Tesla, the company provides matching packages for Gilly, Biadey, Wah, and other autonomous brands. The company worked with Gilley for over 10 years, with a blast.
With regard to new forces, the company opened up the need for intelligent replacement of spare parts for spare parts, such as the m5/m7/m9 set of spares, heat management, and light weighting of the chassis. The bottom plate, heat management construction, growth dynamics, power line control, air suspension, robotics, opening up the growing ceiling.
The company has a deep technological memory of lightly quantifying the materials, processes, etc., and three attempts to expand the production plus capacity. Based on the power control and precision manufacturing capabilities of the company based on the ibs, it expands horizontally to develop heat management systems. The first generation delivers a bulk to Tesla, and the second generation has been developed.
2023H1 Performance Increases, Tier 0.5 Boosters The System has one-box and two-box products simultaneously. Air hangers are gradually becoming high-level corporate development - corporate information update report.
The company plans to invest $300 million in a smart-driving research and development centre project, mainly to develop car lines, to control the switch to and the air hangar system. Moreover, the robotic straight-line executives and rotation executives developed by the company have sent samples to clients on several occasions, and to invest $5 billion in building a core robotic component production base in Ningbo.
The Topper Group was established for 40 years.
In 1983, the company was listed on a stock market in March 2015. The development of the company took place in three stages, with the following characteristics: Multi-client strategies are strategic for large clients, spare parts manufacturers are strategic for platform-based companies, and spare parts manufacturers are going to system-level manufacturers.
Extension period (1986-2014): on the operational side, the company ' s main business at this stage is as shock absorbers and interior accessories, with a capacity of 2.65 million units/year up to the date of listing in 2014, with an output capacity of 1.26 million pieces/year, which represents 59.07% of the collection and 39.74% of the collection. On the client side, the company depends on the north.
In terms of market competition, the company’s rubber-shocked products were ranked first in the country in 2011-2013: the company’s inner parts were ranked sixth in the country.
Long- and long-term (2015-2019): On the operational front, the company’s line of operations has expanded in a multi-dimensional way, focusing on new business projects such as light-quantified chassis, car electronics, etc., along with robust development of seismographs and interior accessories. This phase has resulted in the formation of eight product systems, including car nvh decomposition systems, interior and interior apparel systems, light weight quantification, smart seating.
On the client side, the company promotes a mode of cooperation at the Tier 0.5 level, focusing on the expansion of mainstream domestic and foreign car firms, and establishing long-term partnerships with domestic and international front-loading companies such as Tesla, Riveran, Ford, gm, Hwa, the general public, Gilly, Mi, Ideal, etc.
In terms of market competition, companies’ share in tremors, interiors, and light-quantified chassis is dominant in the domestic market, and companies’ light-quantified chassis is relatively high in the medium-to-high-end markets in the area of new energy vehicles. Scaled up, internationalized development period (2020-present): on the client side, cooperation with Tesla is deepening.
In the domestic market, the company has expanded its domestic car-making customers, increasing the certainty of the end-volume sales; in the foreign market, it has actively built factories that have made a significant leap across the foreign share of the industry based on the advantages of the Totschla industry. In terms of the volume of products, the value of the bicycles is raised.
Up to the end of 2022, with a maximum of $30,000 worth of bicycles. (i) Increase in the value of bicycles: the core competitiveness of platform-type companies, a well-developed product matrix, and a horizontal expansion of business lines.
The stock of bicycles continues to rise in value, up to $30,000. The current price competition in the automobile market is high, with high downward pressure at the upstream zero parts mall, but core suppliers provide one-stop shops to their customers by expanding the business lines and increasing the technological value of their products.
And it still has horizontal extension space, and systems support capabilities are gradually being upgraded. Figure 2: The layout of the nine major business categories, with a horizontal extension of the line of operations, takes advantage of the platform company, and the value of the one-car package continues to increase.
The company's transformation, while maintaining the steady growth of its traditional business, expands new products of high monolithic value and high market demand. As products such as company heat management, overhang, ibs, cabins, etc. are gradually produced, the company's highest single-car apparel value continues to increase.
(ii) Large client strategies: deep-sealing of large clients and enhanced performance certainty Companies insist on “big customer strategies” to capture new energy vehicle opportunities and actively reach out to new energy mainstream firms in the country. Companies, on the one hand, expand their business product lines and raise the value of their bicycles; and bind high-quality customers
The company initially started with Beijing Jeep, and in 2004 the earthquake-mitigator went into the general supply chain, while the company seized the opportunity to work with Zhe Qi Qi Qi Qi , in a broad range of multi-line, multi-product forms, and until the company was listed, General and Gil Qi were the top two customers of the company.
For the first time, the Division worked with Tesla on the light-quantitative chassis and suspension project, and is currently working steadily with Tesla on products such as the light-quantified chassis, the interior adornment system and the thermal management system, as well as successfully entering the human robotic executioner area.
Deep involvement in the design and development of the entire car factory, increasing customer stickyness and client outreach. The company promotes a cooperative model of tier0.5, deeply involved in the design and development of the entire car factory, improving service capacity and quality, and increasing customer stickyness.
Reconciling services are provided by the Riche and Fodlin Car Mills. Figure 5: Topall Group clients are rich, with a multiplicity of car plants with a layout. 1.2, nine products create barriers to competition, and light-quantified chassis becomes a new engine of growth
The year-on-year ratio +30.9 per cent was mainly due to rapid growth in the automobile industry, which ended in 2014 with a negative growth trend for the second consecutive year. In 2019, corporate revenue was 10.45 per cent, mainly due to the fall in subsidies for new energy vehicles, and factors such as the early implementation of “country 6a” emission standards, which resulted in pressure on the industry and a decline in the atmosphere, but the company was in the air.
The market share of the vehicle spare parts breakdown has risen in reverse; in 2021, the company earned +76.05 per cent, significantly exceeding the year-on-year rate of gas production, mainly between the country’s new-energy vehicle sales, which have gone up to the top of the landscape, and the year-on-year sales of new-energy vehicles +157.5 per cent. In 2023, the company achieved business income of $19.701 billion, with a single-car value up by 10 customers.
Figure 8: Corporate performance is consistent with the trend in our new energy vehicle production, Figure 9: Our new energy vehicle sales are broadly consistent with the trend in our production
In 2019-2023, 38.5% of cagr was collected, resulting in a rapid growth in light-quantified chassis operations. Seismic and interior operations benefited mainly from economies of scale realization and continued client growth. Cost rates generally showed a downward trend during the period, with strong cost-control capabilities.
The year was the first year to introduce the concept of system R & D, establishing that “management is the essence of Topping, R & D is the future of Top” — 18.8%, companies are focused on R & D inputs, R & D costs remain high, R & D costs remain high, R & D costs in 2023, directors hold more than 60.84% of shares, and companies have a high concentration of equity.
As of 2024q1, the chairman of the board of directors Xiao Yu is holding 60.84% of the shares directly and indirectly through the holding of McCord International, the concentration of the shares The management industry has a strong background and focuses on R & D and innovation. Companies focus on long-term development and, after years of technological accumulation, systems-level synchronization of existing product lines is moving towards R & D capability, with mechanical, electrical, and software integration.
To integrate R & D and create a large number of autonomous intellectual property rights (IPRs), such as patents for inventions. The management of companies at all levels is a career manager, which is a good guarantee of the company’s continued rapid development.
The Deputy General Manager, the Nucleus, has been greatly upgraded. Its participation in the research project, "R&D and Industrialization of the Top Linkboard", gained access to science technology in Ningpo City, Chiang Kaihong.
The 3rd Prize for Technological Progress, which was awarded to the top-of-the-line research and development project, was awarded a certificate of scientific and technical success in Ningpo City. 2nd, Deepening the Tier 0.5 Level cooperation model, the development of a large customer strategy, 2.1. Supply logic shifts in the light of the intelligentness of the vehicle, and the company's strength in highlighting the continuous improvement of the client matrix
Barriers to entry: high demand for financial capacity, bulk production capacity. Financial strength is an important reference indicator for the first-level suppliers selected for the entire plant. The auto parts industry meets the “cost front, profit back” business model, requiring a significant amount of production equipment, testing instruments, engineering software, etc. to be designed to be selected for the full vehicle.
The automobile industry is a large-scale production industry, where first-tier suppliers need to invest enough in their capacity to enter and reach a certain size before they can meet the scale production needs and sustainable delivery conditions of the entire plant.
Suppliers with core technology are expected to add to the supply chain, thereby reaping excess gains relative to the industry as a whole. End-user: plant-wide screening criteria are stringent, favouring long-term cooperation between suppliers.
The co-operation in the production of key spare parts to core suppliers is more sticky, mainly due to the very strict screening of first-tier suppliers, the need for a series of processes, such as product design, product development, process validation, sample manufacturing, whole-of-car experiments, and the longer period of review and evaluation, and the high cost of certification, once the two parties have established a partnership
The relationship tends to be stable over the long term. The supplier needs to work closely with the entire factory, participate in and assume the design development, manufacturing testing, etc. of the parts and components products involved, and often replace the conversion costs of the entire factory.
The car factory selects the logic of the supplier, focusing on the supplier's ability to service the system. The traditional car age, the whole factory is deeply bound to the core supplier, with a relatively strong “area of influence”, inevitably leads to a lack of effective competition in some industries. While the entire factory usually considers quality, cost, delivery in combination when selecting the supplier.
Real price factors tend to dominate, and the new wave of power in car-making under the trend of electric intelligence has broken the pattern of relatively stable suppliers. The logic of selecting suppliers for the entire car factory has changed with full competition, with new energy vehicles accelerating and spare parts supply and responsiveness keeping pace; and the whole industry is competitive and falling.
Low procurement costs, more R & D, production and assembly in the whole garage to the spare parts enterprise, with high demand for supplier capacity for systems services. Figure 19: High demand for supplier capacity for systems services in the whole garage
The advantages of a spare parts manufacturer following the mainframe installation are: (1) to guarantee supply chain reliability and enhance supply security; (2) to reduce transport costs and inventory risks; (3) to upgrade service capacity and develop long-term cooperative relationships; and (4) to reduce tariffs and enjoy relevant local industrial policies.
Increasing competition in the automobile market, increasing demand for the simultaneous development of car parts enterprises in the entire factory, synergies between the design development, manufacturing and after-sale services in the immediate plant, and the ability of spare parts manufacturers to customize design development packages to meet the needs of the entire factory, creating stable, solid, strategic partnership relationships
Figure 20: Tupangqing Shap Dam Plant-Auxiliary Cyrus Quest and Southwest Map 21: Auxiliary of the Suai County Plant in Xianhui Province, Biadi’s current retrenchment of the new energy car subsidy, the Gatsla catfish effect, triggers greater price competition in the industry. The whole factory inevitably puts down prices on suppliers, forcing car parts manufacturers to think about a new competitive environment in order to reduce costs.
New and old production power switching, spare parts manufacturers face structural opportunities: one is low- and middle-end, homogeneity, the other is severe auto parts and components will be squeezed out, high-end development, and technically strong firms will be able to negotiate, and the second is that the efficiency strategy will drive the entire plant to move more R & D, production and assembly links.
Tier1 suppliers, which have a strong sticky service package, deep-deep vehicle demand and pain spots, have a high potential for profit: three are product system expansions, the most direct way to raise the value of a bicycle package, and the diversified product structure highlights significant advantages in maintaining a stable Māori ratio and resilience to exogenous shocks.
There are two main business models for mature parts and components manufacturers: product specialization, product differentiation, walls high enough, such as glazing glass, as well as sarcophagus shares, etc., and the Tier 1 group, which implements diversification strategies, such as the Tupou Group.
(i) The strategy is clear: it expands around new demand for new energy vehicles and enhances the comprehensiveness of services to clients. Topu has developed a clear competitive advantage in light quantifiable areas, with light Quantified body sizes and light Quantified chassis layouts.
Market opening while maintaining excellent profitability. New-energy car generation, modularized parts demand, mechanical coupling, large spare parts in incremental space, top-up expansion heat management aggregates, wire control, wire control shifts, high value, low penetration, relying technology and customer advantage.
Figure 22: XPP Group ' s close proximity to the new energy vehicle demand layout business line (ii) Technology lead: Full use of business technology co-sources to improve the reliability of product quality Reasons for the approval of mainstream domestic and foreign car firms for the quality of corporate products in the context of selecting a logical turnover of suppliers
The company focuses on basic R & D inputs, the availability of machines, electricity, fluids, and soft integration capabilities to leverage the scale effect of technology co-generation. (1) Multi-technology co-ordination: companies build on business synergies and build on seismic, thermal management, braking, etc.; (2) countries
Internationalized R & D processes: companies set up R & D centres in North America, Europe, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Ningbo, etc., to complete product development based on the development model of Price, which allows process links to be traced back and improve product reliability and safety; and (3) customized development based on demand to increase service premium.
Figure 23: Technical synergies across the business lines of Topu, based on ibs technology systems, has reached a number of high-end industry areas, involving electric power transfer systems, active back-to-back system, electric power
Reconciling tubes, heat management system pump valves, air suspensions, integrated inflating and control units, etc., the company will also develop the line control skateboard chassis in the future. (iii) Operational layout is reasonable: a stress chassis based on shock-reducing interiors
The chassis system is a top-of-the-line move for Tupou, leading to an upscaling of the need for a bicycle package. Tupou is moving along two lines of light quantification and intelligence, light quantification, simultaneous development of Tupou with the entire car factory, customization and creation of a one-stop solution in the field of light Quantified chassis. In the field of motorization and intelligence, Tupoub.
The Bureau moves to systems such as brakes, air suspensions and heat management, insisting that core parts are self-researched and can offer clients the best system-level solutions from heat management to ts, smart brakes ibs, wire control to sbw, electric power to eps, air hangars and ecas.
(iv) Business management: production efficiency is increasing with bulk supply capacity. In terms of production efficiency, Tupou builds digital plants around the idea of automatization and management of the +tps tooling (Tupou manufacturing system). Dfm (manufacturing engineering design) development processes and virtual simulation techniques are used.
The simultaneous development of technology, product design, process design and equipment reduces the product development cycle by more than 30 per cent.
Tesla delivered 1.31 million vehicles in 2022, an increase of 40.3 per cent compared to the global market in electric vehicles.
Tesla’s dominance in the global market, cost barriers, and barriers to autopilot technology remain certain for a long period of time, with prospects for growth in Tesla’s chain of industry as a result of the new car cycle.
Tesla is a top priority client, accounting for about 40% of corporate revenue. The company’s collaboration with Tesla is characterized by several characteristics: one is a continuous extension of the scope of cooperation, from the initial light-quantified chassis to heat management, shock mitigation, interior decorating, etc., and an increase in the value of the bicycle kit; and the other is a sustained opening of market space, looking at the global market, Tesla.
There is still an absolute dominant advantage, with companies entering North America, Europe and other markets through the Tesla chain of industries, now “low-cost and efficient”; and third, the common model of growth, where Tesla robots lead the way “transboundary growth.” There is still more room to bloom in different markets in the future.
There are six super-plants built around the world, with a combined annual capacity of over 2.35 million in 2023 q3. Tesla has existing American factories in California, Texas, Nevada, Shanghai, China, and Berlin, Germany, and Tesla announced in March 2023 that it would build a whole new car factory in Nuevo-Anang, Mexico, or that it would become operational in 2025.
The annual capacity of the q3 Shanghai plant rose from more than 750,000 to more than 950,000 in 2023, and the capacity of the Texas factory cybertuck increased to 125,000 in 2023q3, bringing the total capacity to over 2.35 million in 2023q. Cybertrak began delivery, and the chain of offshore industry in North America is expected to benefit from the growth in sales of cybertrak in depth.
According to Mask, in 2025, Cybertuck is expected to deliver 250,000 vehicles, which will be produced at the Freemont and Austin plants, in the future or in Mexico, and Tesla North American offshore chains, which are expected to benefit from a deep increase in sales in Cybertrak. From market space, the United States is the world’s largest market for pickups in 2023.
The country’s pickup of 2.87 million vehicles, about 18% of the country’s cars, and the pick-up truck type is always popular with American consumers. With the construction of a factory in Top Mexico, it is hoped that, with cost and process advantages, it will be possible to access the market through the Tesla industrial chain, and that the new car will be planned for a higher than expected sales target.
On the other hand, Tesla plans to launch a brand-new electric vehicle model2, which is expected to enter the market with a flat price, with a 15% reduction in car length, a 30% reduction in weight, and a 25% reduction in batteries, and in order to further reduce costs, a safer and less costly battery programme will be introduced, with a price reduced to $25,000.
q’s ultimate aggregate sales target is 42 million, compared to 24 million in Model3/y, reflecting Tesla’s confidence in the future sales of Model2.
The euro is used for the construction of factories in Poland, for projects such as thermal management in European markets, light-quantified chassis, motors, etc. In Mexico, there are plans to set up a factory in the North American market in Tesla, which will further reduce tariffs and freight costs, enhance the security of the supply chain, while seizing the opportunity of electric transformation in North America, and expand the number of markets and orders.
Mexico is a member of the North American Free Trade Area, and zero tariffs are expected to open up the North American market share. The advantages of Topu’s plant in Mexico are: (1) lower tariffs.
To build a plant in Mexico and sell it to the United States via the Itotásla channel is the least costly business route. (2) The majority of Mexican cars are still conventional fuel trucks, and it takes longer to develop a new-energy car industry chain, while Chinese suppliers with low costs and a well-connected industry are Tesla's best option, in order to speed up China's spare parts suppliers to the sea, Tess.
The purchase price of spare parts is expected to increase further, increasing the profitability of the chain of maritime industries (3) and the potential expansion of large North American customers, the growth of Mexican automobile companies, the prospect of further access in the future to world-renowned car companies, such as Ford, General 2.3, the continued expansion of national production of new power vehicles, and the continued expansion of the large customer matrix.
The Great Clients Strategy, which binds high-quality car firms, and the customer outreach, has increased. The Top Pack Group introduced the Big Customers Strategy earlier, relying on large clients to deliver dividends to achieve a significant leap in performance, which is now highly correlated with the size and growth of large clients, and the choice of customer strategies reflects, to a considerable extent, a company’s forward-looking vision.
The client start-up process has four phases. Phase I: simultaneous development with the Shanghai common package, with universal access to the United States common and Chrysler procurement system; phase II: business growth based on a strong product cycle in Togili; phase III: Tesla based on strong product plus brand power plus manufacturing capacity, with new models
Releases/refunds and productivity uphills have continued to increase in the coming years; phase IV: new forces + technology enterprises + ownership cards are expected to bring about new additions, new products under the Toptier 0.5 model are constantly being targeted by clients, and the medium- and long-term performance of the Tuppet Group is certain.
One of the future increases: Gilly+Byadi's strong product matrix works with Gilly for long-term stability to enhance cozyness. The company worked with Gilly for more than 10 years to develop, produce, assemble in a long-term co-operative sticky, and the Tupang Bay factory continues to be of good quality.
Energy, coupled with the Gilley car-type arcium series in the new energy sector, grew together with the mainframe plant. Gilly had a share of about 3.21% in 2016, and with a strong matrix of powerful product combinations such as Boyan, Tihaugs and others, the brand market rose to 5.89% in 2018, becoming a champion of autonomous brands, with a low performance in 2018-2022.
The decline is due mainly to the impact of new energy vehicles and the slowdown in vehicle sales, and the current positive shift towards new energy sources, where Topu is expected to take advantage of the opportunity of new brand energy penetration to increase with long-term, complementary research and development experience, a rich stock of products, a stable product quality in the chain of industries.
Figure 34: The company is expected to benefit in depth from a significant increase in the brand share achieved by the Gillian product cycle. The Gillie vehicle achieved 1686,000 sales throughout the year 2023, an 18 per cent increase compared to the previous year, a 1.4 million sales target at the beginning of the year, and a sales target of 2024.
1.9 million vehicles, with new energy sales increasing by more than 66 per cent. According to brand names, Gilly's cumulative sales in 2023 increased by 16 per cent over the same year. Of these, Helium series sold 119,000 vehicles in 2023, an increase of 65 per cent over the same year; and the collar line, with a cumulative sales of 220,000 vehicles in 2023, grew by over 22 per cent over the same year, and the collar 08em-p marketed monthly sales continued to collapse by tens of thousands.
In December, the share of new energy was over 55 per cent; in the Galaxy series, the cumulative sales for seven months were 83,497 and sold for six months in a row; and in the geometric series, 19,130,000 vehicles were sold in 2023, an increase of 28 per cent over the previous year.
The range of cooperation is expected to increase further. Biadi is the van leader of a new energy vehicle, Topper is now entering the Biadi supply chain, supplying interiors, etc., and Taku is expected to expand with Biadi in a multi-goods orientation with a strong productive and stable supply capacity, increasing the value of the toll-back bicycle.
Topper-Texra’s growth logic. In addition, Topper’s overseas factory is expected to enter Biadi’s overseas supply chain, which is now close enough to increase the depth of cooperation.
The number of M7 orders from the New Questioning World has surged, confirming the success of the Topu client outreach model. It's a model barrier, its own traffic triggers a high exposure, and it's the leading track card in the field of intellectuals. It's a country-wide noa. Topau is the core supplier of the Quest m7/m9 system, the chassis system, the door drive of the Quasi Quest Quest Quest Quest Quest.
On March 16, 2023, Topper and Wi came to play a multi-dimensional role in such areas as the chassis system, lightweight vehicle quantification, heat management system, interior and interior decorating system, and the Nvh decomposition system.
In 2022, Topper entered into a strategic partnership with the ideal, and now has a light-quantized chassis, air-air-scarce system in the desired industrial chain.
Figure 40: Topper and Amin will deepen their cooperation in the areas of chassis, body, heat management, interior and interior and figure 41: Tupou will enter into a strategic cooperation agreement with the ideal construction base in Hangzhou Bay. nvh decomposition.
Horizontal extension of product lines to increase the value of bicycle packages 3.1. Seismic + interior: Business fundamentals, with significant scale effects robust growth. nvh lowers or eliminates the transmission of systems from motors, transformers, side racks, chassis etc. to the body of the vehicle.
The company has been working deep for 40 years in the shock relief business, with products such as total power suspension, liners, rubber metal, axle-reverse reversors, and aluminium-pressure castings. The accessories are typically made of base materials and fabrics that can effectively control the transmission of car noise and heat while reducing them.
Most firms in the industry are now required to outsource base materials and fabrics, and only a few have independent production capacity. Toprooms, carpets, foot pads, caps, suitcases, interior panels, etc. Topping products.
The expansion of production capacity, such as the production capacity, heat management, car electronics, and the provision of stable cash flows for research and development are the basis for the expansion of the company’s overseas market.
3.2. Light Quantified chassis + heat management: a core driver of performance growth 3.2.1, full material content + full process coverage + productive capacity, and a strong momentum for light Quantified chassis
Parts and components of the chassis system module. (2) In the process, the company covers all high-pressure casting, vacuum casting, low-pressure casting, differential casting, squeeze casting, and building six major processes to meet the different customization needs of the entire garage. (3) In terms of production capacity, the company expands its capacity continuously through debt swaps and fixed increases in production capacity.
Material: The company is a rare master of the core process of high-strength steel and light alloys. In December 2017, the Department spent $640 million to complete the acquisition of Fordonna, cut into high-strength steel chassis, deep-deep steel cultivation in Zhejiang Fordona for more than 20 years, and the acquisition of a combination of aluminium alloy materials to improve competitiveness in the light-quantitative chassis market.
Process: has the full process capability of light alloys required for the chassis and body parts. Topou has constructed the most complete light-quantified process layout in the industry, covering a variety of processes, such as aluminium alloy exercise, differential pressure casting, etc.
In 2020, the company raised funds in a non-public manner, turning to savings / flying systems/circumstance capacity of 1, 60/160.6 million units; and in 2022, it released 1.5 million debtable projects.
The Light Quantified Deck System Construction Project and the 3.3 million Light Quantified Deck System Construction Project, which produces an annual output, of which the second rack/suspension system/turn to production capacity of 1,160.6 million units. The increased production of 6.1 million Light Quantified Decks was set in 2022, with 19.25 million light Quantified chassis packages in the post-natal period by 2028, effectively reducing the current volume.
The material and equipment have broken through, subverting traditional pressurization and welding processes and leading a new manufacturing revolution. Tesla was behind Modely in 2020.
For the first time, the base plate used integrated pressurization techniques, reducing the original number of 70 parts to two, and in 2022, the third generation, 4680 cores, using the integrated presses, used a three-packed plate of batteries, which reduced the weight by 10%, by more than 300 parts. The integrated pressurization techniques destabilized traditional pressurized and welded processes, significantly reducing the number of spare parts.
Quality, cost, and equipment cover the land area and are expected to lead a new cycle of auto-manufacturing revolution.Figure 49: Integration casts better in cost, efficiency, weight, materials than traditional ones, Tupou and the Chinese People’s Express 7200t integrated super-pressureed backseat module produced successfully, this time 7200t
The hyper-structured elements produced by the crushers are approximately 1700 mm and 1,500 mm, respectively, with a 15-20% reduction in weight, while also shortening the development cycle by one third, with significant advantages in light-quantified effects, production efficiency, and quality of processing.
The high-resilient aluminum alloy treatment material, published in cooperation with the China Human Transport and Transport University, addresses the problem of component size deformations and surface defects due to thermal treatment, which are more mobile than the equivalent material 15 per cent and more than 30 per cent higher, ensuring higher performances such as full vehicle collisions (2) equipment.
Above, the introduction of super-intensity 7200t presses, which can be used extensively in the production of super-large structural elements for new energy vehicles, such as the production of products such as the front cabin, the rear car and the battery shell.
3.2.3. Thermal management system: The high value of a single vehicle package, which benefits from an iterative upgrade of the new energy car radiation system, the high value of a new energy car heat management vehicle support package. The new energy car heat management system is more complex and includes refrigeration systems, heat systems (ptc/heat pumps), battery heat management systems (wind/liquid cooler/ straight cooler), electric machines
The power-controlled cooling system (liquid cooling/independent heat exchange) and the phev-type unique engine cooling and decryption tank cooling systems have significantly increased the complexity of the new energy car heat management system, increasing the cost of driving the whole car heat management system from $1,600-2500 to $6000-7000.
Figure 52: New energy auto heat management systems are more complex than conventional ones, and new energy heat management shows a clear trend of integration. The main advantages of integration are: (1) bulk production in favour of scale and lower costs; and (2) improved heat management efficiency, combined with thermal management of the heating module-heat pump system
Three times the heat efficiency can be achieved by comparing heat to ptc: (3) savings in car space. The system is designed using an integrated heat pump system, simplifying the water structure to reduce the system's current resistance and complexity, reducing the minimum operating temperature of the system from -10°C to -18°C in industry, and increasing the number of new energy vehicles by 20%.
Figure 54: Integration of tms integrated heat pump systems Figure 55: Biadi uses heat pump air conditioners and power-driven + power-control systems for residual heat returns. International giants continue to dominate the heat management market, with domestic manufacturers relying on mature monolithic or R & D capabilities.
Currently, the share of global markets in the thermal management industry is dominated by foreign brands, with four companies, namely, electrical appliances, Hanang, Mahler, and Fareo, together accounting for more than 50% of the global market for car heat management. Domestic players used to have well-managed monolithic products, such as three-wild-controlled valves, and the Top Group has relied on power-controlled research and development and sophisticated manufacturing capabilities.
Successfully developed products such as total heat pumps, multi-trend valves, electro-inflated valves, electronic water valves, etc., and moving from components to the system as a whole
O, Han, Mahler and others, thanks to their accumulated technical and customer advantages in the area of auto air conditioning, pre-emission to electric car heat management, which dominates the supply of primary system integration; but some domestic manufacturers, such as triflowers, silver wheels, tungs and others, have access to key technology for core spare parts, based on a combination of dry advantage-based monolithic products (valves, pumps, pipelines, etc.)
Responsiveness + cost advantage + quality level + edge in close proximity + advantage + high quality mainframe plant or leading international Tier 1. Gradually break the foreign monopoly pattern and develop local modules or system integration capabilities to become system-level suppliers.
Development of heat management systems. Successful development of products such as total heat pumps, electro-inflated valves, electro-water valves, electro-water pumps, gas fluid separators, heat exchangers, etc. to deliver first-generation products to Tesla in bulk. The company’s advantage lies in overall programme development, system integration, software control, etc.
Part of the integration programme, which is independent of the agent side, can also provide a highly integrated programme. With the volume of products such as the company’s electronic expansion valves, the Māori rate of the thermal management system is expected to continue to rise.
Figure 59: Tupou has thermal management components to integrated R & D manufacturing capacity 3.3. Line control + air suspension: R & D/capacity continues to build on future performance and new energy vehicle development drives the upgrade of the chassis system because: (1) hardware: large spare parts
Mostly mechanical coupling, while new energy vehicles are power-driven by battery power, the premise for the chassis upgrade is mechanical coupling, shifting the brakes, moving from mechanical to power-driven, increasing the precision of controls and better serving intelligent driving. (2) On software, central control and the separation of hardware and software are needed to move, brake, hang-off, and even power systems.
The electrical control system will also be upgraded to allow vehicles to combine horizontally, vertically, on a three-dimensional basis, and to drive intelligent driving to higher levels. Figure 60: The new energy vehicle chassis will be modified at the implementation level against the brakes, shifts, suspensions, power upgrades.
Topper captures the opportunity to upgrade the parts and components of the chassis, and the core business of intelligibility of the chassis. For example, the Gates Bottom Disk Integrated Field Control System technology route, the second generation will carry the air suspension, the third generation will integrate the suspension (cdc), the air suspension (as), the switch to the sbw and the epb (electronic stationing), and the fifth generation will join the wheeling power.
The technology is the key to the development of autopilots, and there is a vast scope for business expansion. Topper captures the intelligent upgrading of the trams. In suspensions, wire controls, shifts.
Figure 61: Suspended, line shift, line control move is expected to be the first to upgrade replacement
3.3.1. Line control: the inevitable choice of intelligent driving, rapid catch-up by national producers in the area of one-box. Traditional fluid suppression does not apply in the era of new energy cars because there is no vacuum pressure from engines. Vacuum pumps (evp) and line control programmes (emb/ehb). (1)avp braking: configuration vacuum power.
Pumps, which automatically create vacuum power sources when new energy vehicles charge, provide power when brakes are brakes, but the technology route is still traditionally fluid-repressive and weak in intelligence and sensitivity control over the line. (2) thehb brake: Line control is integrated with the original hydraulic system by electronic components, retaining the traditional hydraulic circuit section, yes
The main mass production options for the current wire control system are: ipb/ibooster, mkc1/mkc2 on the mainland, euphoria ibc, Bertley wcbs, etc., all belong to the ehb programme. (3) emb brakes: brake fluids and hydraulic tubes for abandonment of traditional brake systems, which are powered by electric power-driven brakes, are expected to be the next development.
Line control is a key factor in driving car intelligence upgrades. Line control systems replace real power with electronic power, air power, solves the problem of the lack of a stable vacuum for new energy vehicles and has energy recovery functions that are essential for upgrading new energy vehicles. As autopilot technology becomes more available, line control reacts quickly and refines.
The implementation advantage is more pronounced and is becoming a key factor in driving car electricization and intellectual upgrading. Figure 65: Line control is the direction of new energy car brakes. Figure 66: Line control is a key factor in driving car intelligence upgrading.
Line control, stationary brakes, epb
Electronic control braking ehb, emb hydraulic braking
Mechanical stationary brakes abs, esp
2010saon.comehb is the mainstream programme for the current line control motion system, divided mainly by one-box and by degree of integration
Two-box options. In the two-box option, the esc and the electronic aids are separate modules, which are backed up and redundant, and the market is usually composed of ebooster+esc. One-box carline control system is composed of only one ecu and one brake module, compared to the two-box option, the one-box option is integrated.
Esc, higher integration, light weight, low cost, support for multifunctional parking and autopilot expansion, and meet redundancy requirements for autopilot. Billion dollars, or 43.4% of the global market, control the market on the domestic market line to bring about new opportunities, high-level autopilots.
Demand triggers one-box program needs, one-box can be tailored to the different autopilot systems, match the market demand for different price-barrel models, and one-box is the identified technology path for the one-box program. Top has a complete product matrix of smart brakes (ibs). In the area of smart brake systems, Top is in the field of smart brake systems.
Electronic vacuum pumps (evp) and wire control (ehb) are covered, and in 2016 the company raised $2.8 billion in additional funds for 2.6 million vp and 1.5 million ibs projects, which not only provide a vacuum for new energy vehicles, but are also widely used for turbo-pressure and hev fuel vehicles (inadequate vacuums for air-disruption tubes).
Production of ibs1.0 in November 2023, ibs 2.0 is expected to be completed in June 2024 and volume production in March 2025; in one-box, the company ibspro successfully passed the client acceptance test in the winter of March 2222 and will be rolled out in the future
ibs-evo, ibs-red are redundant braking options. ibs-pro is the Toponebox smart brake system solution, the core parts of which are self-researched and self-made, and the full capacity of 500,000 vehicles is achieved through customer acceptance. ibs-pro has the following characteristics:
150ms are built with pressure up to 100 bar, pressure accuracy ~ 1 bar, energy recovery is efficient and can be converted to storage in conjunction with some of the energy in the braking process, increasing the mileage of an electric vehicle by more than 20%. System production lines are built on the Topper Manufacturing System (tps), using a large number of machine visual and intelligent sensors, smart cleaning, smart detection, etc.
The full-time process-a-level of DPT will lead to efficient and intelligent operation of the production line. Figure 70: ibs smart brake system emulation with amsim system. Figure 69: ibs-pro excellent performance.
Speed and accuracy of response up to 100 bar in 150 ms, pressure ~ 1 bar with energy recovery function and more than 20% of electric vehicle re-entry mileage.
Lightly quantified and nvh weight only 5.8 kg, with an average noise value of less than 42db rated 2nm, rated 3000rpm, blocked torque 4nm, empty
It's a straight flow without a brush, and it's a pedal mover and a control engine angle sensor.
The pedal decoupling and pedal perception feedback is achieved through pedal simulators with a continuous electron temperature rise of less than 80°C and a flow of 4l/min@100bar.
Support for real-time traffic from car controllers like Can, Canfd, flexray, using a 32-bit urban control chip with a third-party software that can be integrated into oem, enabling 4.88m/s2@500n back-up with 500n pedal power
Mechanical backup cutting power t two-box tubes are progressing well, ibs1.0 has already achieved mass production. ibs1.0 was produced in November 2023.
This was followed by the upgrade of ibs 2.0, which was developed with the following bright spots: (1) structural optimization. The complete coupling brake technology was used, highly integrated on the structure, optimized the brake main tank, electromagnetic valves, and repositioned hydraulic tubes to make the layout simpler and require fewer parts to assemble. (2) volume and weight are reduced. ibs 2.0 is the basis of the ibs 1.0 product.
Upward, the volume reduction is about 31%, weight is 4.8 kg, weight is reduced by about 20%, volume and weight is reduced to make ibs 2.0 easier to load and fit into more models. (3) Costs are lower. ibs 2.0 requires fewer assembly components, with a reduced cost of about 20%. Development is expected to be completed in June 2024 and production will be achieved in March 2025.
Air hangers: Smart chassis triggers new demands. Air hangars are upgrades to traditional hangar systems. Structurally, air hangars are electronic and stable, not only to upgrade elastic elements, to upgrade car nvh performance, to add electronic control systems and air pumps, etc.
Parts, so that the suspension system can determine the height of the vehicle by sensor signal, automatically compressed or extended, from which it is able to regulate functions, the comfort of a car and the manipulation of a Land Cruiser. Under the trend towards the electronicization of a new energy vehicle and its intellectualization, the air hangar becomes a model for a high-end vehicle: (1) general
New energy vehicles of the same size and grade are about 30-35% higher than conventional fuel vehicles, and the conventional hangar system does not meet the need for shock relief and comfort. (2) The elasticity of air suspension springs can be automatically adjusted as required. Depending on road conditions, automatic control of the chassis heights can be made comfortable and comfortable.
In the future, as the core components are nationalized, the cost of the airborne system is explored, and the rate of airborne penetration is expected to continue to rise. Figure 73: Air overhang is gradually becoming the mark under the intellectual trend
Post-air decompositioner, pre-air decompositioner, air pipeline.
Industry is growing rapidly, coupled with essentially nationalisation. The need for intelligent driving drives consumer air overhangs is increasing, and our air overhang market has grown from $5.671 billion in 2018 to $10.04 billion in 2022. According to thefuturemarketinsights, our air overhang market is going to grow from 2023 to 2033.
8.9% of cagr growth. In terms of market competition patterns, in January-August 2023, domestic manufacturers, represented by Confucius, Paolón, already accounted for more than 60% of the market, air-scarce technologies are more sophisticated, and domestic suppliers may have taken advantage of the cost advantage to explore the overhang prices and deploy more flat-cost models.
Figure 75: The air overhang is largely replaced by national production (January-August 2023) The national production model has been equipped with air over 300,000 vehicles in price range for relatively higher requirements for air overhangs.
The brand of new power is the main driver of the national production of the air overhang. In the first 11 months of 2023, only the ideal cars were of the type of l7, l8 and l9 vehicles, with air over 200,000 vehicles on board.
R & D + plant + mass production, and Tupou air hang-out line is moving in an orderly fashion. Topper will raise additional funds in 2022, of which $300 million will be invested in the Smart Driving Research and Development Centre project, mainly in the transfer control system for cars and air suspension systems, and the Ningbo Think-Tech Ltd. will focus on the development and manufacture of air hang-outs.
Air suspension system, officially delivered offline in November 2023 and expected to produce 400,000 units. The main bright spots are: (1) structural high-level integration, bringing together air compressors, distribution valves and ecu. ecu can integrate air, spring control, cdc decomposition control, etc., with compact structure, light weight, low noise, etc. (2) multi-gas chamber use
The air springs program, which opens some air chambers through the switch electromagnetic valve movement, provides multiple stubbles and responds to multiple conditions. (3) A high altitude environment responds quickly. A plant in the air slob system has been inaugurated to produce 2 million units per year after delivery. Tupou was in Ningbo in 2021.
Based on the experience with the development of the rubber shock system and electrical and control parts, the Topper Group has formally established the air hangar system (including the air hangar system), which is based on the experience of developing the rubber decomposition system and the electrical control component.
Design development, testing, manufacturing and supply capacity of key components (electricity control systems) and components. 3.3.3. Seat comfort systems + intelligent side doors: soft and hardware self-made, providing more intelligent and humane solutions. Topu develops seat comfort systems, core parts and hardware self-research, self-control, seat massage.
A number of client orders have been obtained for products such as hips, controllers, etc.. In performance, the Topper smart module combines multiple contour control and aero-mass massage functions, according to human engineering, with airbags in positions such as the waist, side wing, leg, etc., and with multiple massage functions; and in self-contained capabilities, core parts, systems are soft.
The custom capabilities are designed to fit 2 or 4 to the waist at the client's request, and can be combined with 10 airbags of mass airbags and flank support, leg support, shoulder support, etc. Production-testing-monitoring, intelligence-based, process-based product quality-upgrading. Comfort smart cabin systems are invested in smt.
Drivers and controllers are self-researched, self-made, and provide integrated solutions for more intelligent, safer, and humane door systems.
Signals, bluetooth keys, remote-controlled doors. (2) Safe, impact-proof radars ensure accessibility or other mobile personnel and mobile bicycle electric vehicles, etc., and smart clamp-back systems will identify the risk of clippings. (3) Both roadways and steep slopes can be suspended: security risks are created by the rapid opening and closing of steep slope doors.
Figure 81: Tupou intellectual side-door solutions are more comfortable, efficient, safe 3.4. Man-made robots: market demand for stars, opening up the performance growth ceiling. Launched in December of the year, optimusgen 2 with the executives and sensors designed by Tesla, 2 degrees of freedom-driven
The neck, 11 free-hands with a faster response, tactile sensors, integrated electrons and beams of the executor, foot / torque sensors, toe-toe-toe, etc., have significantly improved control. The speed of the optimusgen 2 walk has increased by 30% compared to the generation, with faster and more smooth paces, more smooth movement and more flexible fingers.
Slip, and be able to do a very difficult sit-in, a significant increase in balance shows that Tesla robotic implementer performance and drive algorithms are optimized. Optimus's computing chip is not custom-made for robotic products, but is used as a microchip for a Tesla machine, equipped with dojod1 super-calculation chips for large-scale production.
Optimus enters the commercial field at a lower cost. Rotation executors: include boxless power units, harmonic sloweners, double encoders, toner sensors, angle contact axes, cross-rolling bearings. Tesla robots use high-low-speed double encoder and force-to-record sensors.
Each side has an encoder. According to the teslaaiday, the Tesla human robot will be rotated on the shoulder, or in a lower version, with the actual number of rotated executors at 12. Linear executors: use of a boxless electric machine, new rollers, force sensors, encoder. The Tesla machine
The whole body uses 14 linear executors, using the boxless electron + roller bar program. Single-shaped robot liners and rotation executors total 26. Robot line executors and rotation executors developed by the company have sent samples to clients on several occasions.
The technological capabilities accumulated by the ibs project, including software, power control, power drive, power engine, speed-reducing agency, sensors, etc., are transferred into robotic power-drilling systems and other related products. The company's robotic power-drilling system has been recognized by customers, and two power-drive production lines were officially launched on 8 January 2024, producing 300,000 electric units per year.
The company has established a long-standing partnership with Tesla for the top 0.5 of the automobile, as a core supplier of components such as the Tesla fever management system, the chassis system, and the new powers such as Celese, Aure, Ideas, etc.
The subsequent increase in the municipal share of the domestic seismometer business is expected to add to the steady increase in overseas earnings. (2) The interior appliance business is expected to receive $6,577 million in 2023, taking into account the increasing capacity of the company.
In 2023, we received $6,122 million in company bottom-plate system operations, taking into account the new model of the company’s priority downstream clientele, we selected the Xujin Group, the Sanhua Smart Consort, the Chinese shareholding, and the Xinchun of the five continents as comparable companies to the Tupou Group, for the following reasons: (1) Xujin Group operations cover multiple vehicle core systems, including mobile systems, control systems, etc.
Hanging systems, battery systems, etc., are the core suppliers to Tesla; (2) Tri-Swiss is the manufacturer of the global refrigeration control element and the global leader of the auto heat management system control component, and is the core supplier to Tesla; and (3) the middle-stakes continuous active air-lifting system and light-quantified chassis system, under which the German amk is flying as air.
High-end suppliers are the top three leaders in the industry, and they support the world’s top mainframe producers, such as Jaguar Lugger, Volvo, Audi, Benz, BMW. Several traditional mainframes, such as Mercedes, Chang-An, Hiro, Biadi, have been ordered for light-quantified chassis.
System-wide, R & D of parts of the thermal management system. Downstream customers cover the entire car factory, BMW, Toyota, and new energy-generation plants that include Biadi, among others. With regard to human robots, companies have developed successful collating engines, soft wall bearings, rv cone bearings, and various custom-made axle bearings, and are actively developing cross-rolls.
The valuation level of the Group is slightly higher than the average of comparable companies, and is justified by the competitive advantages of the Group’s industry, the advantages of size, and the excellent downstream client structure. The entire garage, such as Lara and Cyrus, maintains close business partnerships and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
The risk of price fluctuations in raw materials. If the price of raw materials increases upstream, it may lead to a wave of corporate profitability. Industry risks are intensely competitive.