Topper Group (601689) Platform auto parts and components, horizontal expansion of outstanding enterprises, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
• Recommended logic: (1) companies continue to expand horizontally from traditional business interior features and rubber-shocked products, with a reduction in the share of total business to 55 per cent; (2) companies seize the opportunity of nationalization of new energy head clients to achieve rapid development by 2020 and to develop new customers in recent years. (3) Light + thermal management constructs a second growth curve
Lines, up to 39%, and car electronics+drives are building a third growth curve. • The product has been successfully expanded horizontally, and customers continue to expand.
The company seized the opportunity of a large new energy head client to embark on a fast-growing period of gold development, demonstrated the exemplary success of the Tier 0.5 model of cooperation with strategic clients, with the company ' s main collection of cagr in 19-21 constructing a second growth curve for light-quantified + heat management. (1) In a light-quantified vehicle environment, the bottom-plate system operates.
Retention, with sales and unit prices increasing each year as the aluminium chassis ratio increases. In recent years, companies have been active in developing medium- and high-end vehicle chassis model blocks for high-quality clients such as Tésla, Riveran, Uír, Biade and Gillie, with a sustained increase in revenue, accounting for 31% of the 23-year revenue, becoming the second largest business for the second year in a row (2).
The heat management system began to contribute revenue, accounting for 7.9% of business income in 23 years, and became a new growth point for companies. The company gained global head-to-head recognition with the technical advantages of the heat management system and a stable set-up capacity, sustained growth in productivity and global coverage.
• A car electronic + driver constructs a third growth curve. (1) The company has now formed a line control, a line control, a switch, a three-line control chassis series of product lines, and has developed successively smart class products, such as electric tails, rescreen drives, seat comfort systems, with a continuous increase in the value of bicycles.
Cagr amounted to 8.5%, and with 24 years of full production of chassis and cabin electronics, motor electronics are expected to grow significantly. (2) The human robot track is promising, and the global market can reach millions of grades.
In January, 2 production lines were officially launched, with an annual capacity of 300,000 units. The driver business will create a new growth pole for the company, which will develop a two-way industry model for smart car plus robotic components.
Founded in 1983 as a high-quality leader and modular supplier in the field of deep-farm automobile parts and components, Ningbotup Group Inc. was placed on the market in 2015 for major products such as car nvh decomposition systems, car interior and interior apparel systems, light weight quantification, chassis systems, smart cabin components, thermal management systems, air suspension systems and smart driving systems.
In 1984, the company set in motion the development of the automobile industry for the country’s first joint venture, Beijing Jeep. The company then seized the opportunity of a popular and national production of common Chinese parts and components in Shanghai, and in 2008 the subprime loan crisis went into the North American commons and Chrysler operations, and in 2016 it entered the Tesla supply system.
In 2021, 2023, the layout chassis system and light quantification, auto electron, thermal management, air suspension and car-like casting, the company has the leading technology research and development and supply capabilities. The company has set up research and development centres in North America, Europe, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Ningbo, etc., to better serve its global clients. There are now more than 50 subsidiaries and more than 70 manufacturing plants around the world.
At the same time, companies have established offshore storage logistics centres in North America and Europe. With leading technology research and development, manufacturing capacity, logistics systems, and high-quality management, companies have become mainstream in-country vehicles such as Audi, BMW, Stratis, General, Ford, Benz, Porsche, Masses, Rivian, Lucid, etc.
Global partners in manufacturers and involved in simultaneous research and development of entire car manufacturers such as upper gas, commons, Tesla, Fiat-Chrysler, BMW, Odie, one gas, Chang Anfort, Chang An, Gilly, Biadi, Chiré, etc.
As of 2024q1, Micco International Holdings (Hong Kong) Ltd. holds 59.66% of the shares of the company and is the controlling shareholder of the company.
Corporate performance grew faster. From 2020 to 2023, the company’s business income was 38.5%, its net profit was 38.5%, its net profit was successful in mitigating the epidemic, the car market was revived, and the Tier 0.5 level cooperation model promoted by the company and its strategic clients was exemplary.
The value of the bicycles has been raised, and the value of the orders has increased significantly. In 2022, the net profit on corporate collections and returns was increased by +40/+67 per cent, while the cooperation model of Tier0.5 has continued to advance, and cooperation with domestic and foreign clients has progressed rapidly. In 2023, the net profit on corporate collections and returns was increased by +28/+26 per cent, respectively, benefiting from the company ' s extensive product lines, system R & D capabilities and innovation in the new energy automobile industry.
In terms of product structure, the types of company products are growing. By 2015, the company’s revenues are mainly derived from interior features, which account for 33% of business earnings and 22% of rubber-shocked products, respectively.
The control arm operation continued to be released, accounting for 19.5 per cent of operating income in 18 years, 31 per cent in 23 years compared to +12.3 pp, followed by the second year after the rubber-shocked product became the second largest operation, after the interior parts business. Autoelectronics began to contribute revenue in 2019, and the heat management system began to contribute revenue in 23 years, and the heat management system in 23 years.
The share of corporate income is 7.9 per cent, which is the new growth point for companies. For the first time in 23 years, the driver's business contributed revenue. 29.3 per cent, compared to +1.5 pp, the expansion of overseas business, and the globalization of companies have accelerated. Since overseas suppliers are relatively high and their customers are more receptive to product pricing, the company's Māori ratio is generally higher than in the country.
However, the gap with the country ' s Māori is gradually narrowing and domestic profitability is increasing.2 Company analysis: pre-position consolidation of multi-operational moats 2.1 seismometers: traditional business is high and strong in the industry
The rubber shock products are part of car nvh parts, nvh means noise (noise), vibration, harshness (sound roughness). The vibrations in the car are mainly from power combined vibrations, road-surface vibrations, etc., and the rubber shock products are widely distributed in various parts of the vehicle, in a variety of variety and in a variety of specifications.
At the beginning of the market, the company’s production equipment was generally at an internationally advanced level, meeting domestic and international vehicle manufacturing requirements.
During the production of rubber-shocked products, companies have developed their own core technologies, such as rubber formulations and refined fully automated control techniques. With technical security in the area of seismometers, in 2015 the company acquired the first global project, the volume of the global platform e2xx project, which marks the international recognition of the company’s synchronized research and development capacity and global supply capacity.
Makes companies truly global suppliers and moves into a wider market space. Figure 11: Companies' seismic products respond to market demand, and the seismometers continue to be updated. Companies' seismic products range from the first generation of metal + rubber, to the first generation of metal + rubber.
The second generation of aluminium + rubber + liquids, and the third generation of light-quantified plastics, fibre + liquids, as well as the development of a proactive de-escalator with an electromagnetic valve. As the automobile industry upgrades, the need for seismometers to be intelligent and comfortable increases, adapting to re-silient de-escalators, composite de-escalators, intelligent de-escalators, electromagnetic current de-escalators, etc. becomes a trend in the industry, while, at the same time, it is lightly quantified in automobiles.
In 25 years, our netvh convulsioner market was 22.3 billion yuan and the global market was 56.4 billion yuan. It is assumed that (1) my country grew by 5.3 per cent in 24-25 years, and that the value of the tremors was 5 per cent per year; (3) global multiplier.
The company’s leader is strong and the city’s leading. The nvh seismometers are made of rubber, metal steel, metal, glue, nicotine, and paint.
The industry is highly marketed and competitive, with the world’s leading producers including, inter alia, alumni, Oto, Topau, and 3m, and the country’s main manufacturers include the Tupou Group, Jungu Industries, China’s top shares, Kaozen’s shares, and Xinghai’s cars. According to data from the Chinese Automobile Industry Association, the company’s earthquake-resilient device was ranked first in the domestic market in 2021 and second in the global market.
As a company's traditional core product, it has continued to expand the demand for high-quality downstream customers. Sales have increased in recent years, with 91,665 million sets sold in 23 years, compared to 7.7% in 20-23 years.
In terms of profitability, since 2021, the rate of tremors has gradually increased by 2.2 inner packagings: widening product lines, increasing the value of bicycles, and rising consumption have led to an increase in the size of the car interior industry. Cars are typically made of power, chassis, body systems and electricity.
There are four major systems of air equipment, of which the interior and interior accessories are an important part of the body system. There are a large number of car interior accessories, of which the total number of seats is the highest at 45%, plus the total number of dashboards, top cabinets, doorboards at about 10%. The rest includes carpets and cushions, head pillows, suitcase interiors, etc., which are worth over 10,000 yuan with cars.
Consumers are becoming more concerned with the comfort of driving when they buy cars, and car interiors are being upgraded, and they're not stopping at the traditional, mechanical level of the past, while moving in the direction of high comfort, integration and intelligence, improving driving experience, and increasing the value of bicycles.
In 25 years, the country ' s car interior industry has grown by over $300 billion. Assumptions: (1) in 24-25 years, the country ' s share of car sales will increase by 5/3%; (2) as consumption rises, the unit price of seats will increase by 2% per year, while the rest will be equal: (3) the global volume of car sales will increase by 3% per year. Based on these assumptions, the domestic market for car articles is expected to grow by 306.3 billion in 2025.
Car interiors are less concentrated. The manufacturing processes of car interiors and interior accessories are diverse, and depending on the characteristics of different products, different types of plastic processing are chosen, including, inter alia, plasticization, pressurization, lacquering, extruding, blowing, blowing, suction and suction.
Plastics, et cetera, with a large number of car interiors, relatively low barriers to the process, low profitability, etc., together create a pattern of competition in less concentrated industries. The world’s leading interior companies, including Yanfeng, Fugia, Fuji, Ningbohua, Modern Mobis, Toyota Textiles, Antonglin, etc., are, according to our calculations, 25.9% of the total, with 14.3% of the delay.
But with the rise of autonomous branded automobiles, domestic homemade firms offer new opportunities through localization. Companies have three advantages: environmental, R & D, and localization.
The noise in the car comes mainly from power-driven noise, chassis noise, tire-side noise, and fan noise, which is also part of the Nvh system project. As the car industry becomes electrified, intelligent, network-connected, etc.
There are a lot of changes in the new power systems, chassis systems, electronic and electrical control systems, etc. Differences in issues such as traffic noise, noise noise and noise pose new challenges for the design of the Nvh system and require redesigning the sound balance in the vehicle.
A whole-car audio package solution that combines tri-electricity and tyre noise, wind noise, and so on through sealing, sound insulation, sound insulation, etc. The company uses the concept of green environment to develop and design interior features, ranging from fibres, textiles, to formation, assembly, etc.
At the same time, the company has acquired nuclear technology for the voc environment-friendly raw materials, effective control of the voc emissions in the vehicle, and constantly increasing the coverage of its own environmentally friendly fibres, thereby expanding its solar-system operations, such as Honda.
The joint venture of the German supplier Borges in the interior apparel area, mainly for the Benz, BMW, etc., has developed rapidly and has expanded the company ' s market share of medium- and high-end vehicles.
Illustrative operations are growing rapidly, and key customers are taking out. Under the influence of the industry, companies experienced a double downfall in 2019 in the collection and sale of their interior parts, with company-owned fuel trucks such as General Mitsubishi, and sales in 2021 being the same amount as in figure 25: average sale of company interior parts (in dollars)
Figure 26: Trends in the Māori rate of company interior accessories (%) 2.3 lightly quantified: both internal and external, leading the way to the Blue Sea market. The chassis system of cars is the basic structure of cars, consisting mainly of co-cars, suspensions, diversions, etc., usually made of steel.
Metal raw materials such as materials, aluminum and ingots are processed as carriers of body, engine and equipment, with the main role associated with vehicle rotation, suspension, driving and braking. The chassis system determines core performance indicators, such as the stability of vehicle control, with high technical barriers and financial thresholds, the capacity of the entire manufacturer to supply integration programmes for the parts and components of the chassis system and joint research and development.
The differentiating process, the parts of the chassis system combine a variety of processes, such as pressurization, high-pressure casting, vacuum casting, low-pressure casting, differential-pressure casting, exercise, etc. The products of the chassis system have been integrated into more electronic and control techniques in recent years. Table 7: Subsystems of the car chassis system
2.3.1 Energy-efficient emission reduction policies and the evolution of power-accelerating chassis systems in a light quantitative direction Light quantification is the direction in which the automobile industry develops. Light quantification of automobiles refers to the use of light quantitative materials (e.g., high-strength steel, aluminium or magnesium alloys, carbon fibres and high molecular composites) to the extent possible to ensure the strength and safety of cars.
A reduction in the quality of a vehicle's preparation, thereby increasing the motority of the vehicle and its mileage, and reducing fuel or electricity consumption, can be effective in reducing carbon emissions from the car industry. In the overall weight of the vehicle, the chassis is 27%, so that the chassis is an important component of the overall lightization of the vehicle.
Aluminium alloys are the best lightly quantified material at this stage. According to the estimates, fuel efficiency increases of 3.3% and 5% in cases of 10% and 20% of petrol vehicles, with a reduction in vehicle weight of 100 kg and a fuel vehicle of 0.5l fuel per kilometre. Energy efficiency increases of 6.3% and 20%, respectively.
Aluminium alloy components are the lightly quantified preferred material for cars because: (1) they are higher than strength (the strength of the material, i.e., the strength of the area at the time of the break-up, is divided by density, also known as the strength weight ratio, is (n/m2)/(kg/m3) or n.m/kg). The value of gallon oil is higher. (2) the value of aluminum alloys, though 150% higher than steel, is much lower than carbon fibre composites.
Gold prices, though similar to aluminum alloys, are less resistant to corrosion than aluminum alloys and are difficult to use on a large scale in the automobile industry. Overall, aluminum alloys are the best lightly quantified material at this stage.
From 84 pounds (approximately 38 kg) in 1975 to 501 pounds (approximately 225 kg) in 2022, the figure is expected to reach 556 pounds (approximately 250 kg) by 2030. According to the European Aluminium Industry Association, the number of European cars will increase to 237 kg annually, and 256 kg in 2030. According to China ' s Aluminium Industry Assessment Report (2016-2030)
It is estimated that in 2020 we used 138.6 kg of aluminium in bicycles, a large difference between Europe and the United States. Under the road map for vehicle technology for energy conservation and new energy sources, we will be promoting the use of aluminium alloys in cars in the future, with a target of 250 kg in 2025 and 350 kg in 2030, with significant space for growth.
Aluminium is higher in new-energy cars. Aluminium is higher in new-energy cars and, according to duckers, 101 kg more in electric cars than in fuel trucks. Although fuel vehicles are saved from the total medium-gas cylinders, cylinder caps, pistons, etc., valves, clutch casings in transmission systems and transformers, split engines, drive axes, etc. Aluminium components (the portion is used in single-car aluminium).
However, its battery shell, power-drive system shell, body, chassis, etc. require approximately 163 kg of aluminium. As the penetration rate increases rapidly, the spread of aluminum alloy applications will be further accelerated.
At the first stage of development, the trend is to integrate more functions, and the power-driven shell is also moving from stand-alone design to decelerating, electrical, controlled, shell-integrated design, with higher demands on the ability of shell suppliers to develop products, finance, etc. Integration is an upgrade of light-quantified technology that reduces the number of parts, significantly streamlines the body structure and supply chain, reduces the weight of vehicles, etc.
Reduction of battery costs, improvement of the use of raw materials, reduction of the size of the plant, etc., and improvement of vehicle assembly efficiency. With the development of high vacuums, pressure casting processes, large tonnage casting machines, the structural elements of aluminium alloy castings can meet performance requirements, allowing the product to become widely available in new energy vehicles.
Enterprises that are ready to develop their capabilities in R & D and in parallel are expected to benefit. 2.3.2 A light-quantitative chassis system with a forward-looking layout, with a pre-empowerment advantage. Companies actively seek outreach using capital markets while maintaining internal entrepreneurship.
The company started a light-quantified hang-out project in 2003 and has gradually completed the creation of a professional team, core technology and intellectual property, which has created a wealth of light-quantified bottom-plate product lines: the bottom-buyed Zhejiang Fortuna and Sichuan Fortuna have been deep-drawing for more than 20 years in the auto chassis construction industry.
Cost control know-how, so that the merger quickly moves into high-intensity steel chassis operations, synergizes with the original aluminum chassis and further refines the product lines of the chassis system.
The company’s light-quantized chassis products, including by-car racks, control arms, fork arms, poles, turnovers, battery packs, etc., have built the most complete process strategy layout in China and the world, with six major light alloys, core process and chassis system integration capabilities, and have the only clusters of designs, analyses, processes, tests, and manufactures in the industry.
The full-scale aluminium alloy co-arcophagus is equipped to cover a single aluminium co-arcophagus (low pressure/high vacuum pressure cast), a split aluminum co-arcophagus (low pressure casting), a split frame aluminium co-arcophagus (depressure casting), synchronized with the complete vehicle complex, multi-programming of zero items and subsystems, combined product performance, weight reduction, production costs, etc., and can be proposed for the client.
For a one-stop solution, one-stop shop has been approved by customers such as Gilly, Ford, River, Tesla, Ideas, and Cyrus, to speed up production and ensure industry leadership. The company’s light-quantified chassis business is based on a production base of 2,200 acres, while factories have been built in Taiwan, Kimhua, Chang Hing, Yu Ning, Chongqing, Luang, Poland, Mexico, etc.
The Wave Production Base provides a light-quantified chassis for global customers, which maximizes the use of plants and equipment, thereby reducing costs. The company's plants outside Ningbo provide customers with near-distance packages, upgrades the qstp Year module of the Light-Quantified chassis system (including side racks, hang-up systems, switchovers) and produces about 1.8 million units with capacity.
The utilization rate was approximately 92.75 per cent; in 2021 it was about 2.8 million units, with a capacity utilization rate of 102.24 per cent. With 20 years of non-public distribution of stocks, 22 years of open issuance of debt and 22 years of closed distribution of equity projects, the capacity to produce 15.7 million units per year will be fully realized, and the company’s capacity to produce lightly and quantitatively will be significantly increased to meet the growing client base.
The skateboard chassis facilitates the development of new vehicles and the extension of differences between the body of the vehicle. The skateboard chassis technology was first developed in 2002 by a concept car, autonomy. Now this idea is being translated into reality by the American company rivian. The skateboard chassis combines mechanical and electronic structures and allows separate research and development of the body and chassis.
In addition to the sharing of mechanical parts and the standardization of interfaces, the skateboard chassis takes into account the integration of electronic structures (electric control systems), mechanical and electronic decoupling, facilitating the modularization of electrical beams, achieving complete independent control of the body of the vehicle, facilitating the extension of the body of the vehicle, and meeting the individualized needs of the client.
Building different types of vehicles on the same chassis platform without duplication would reduce the cost of building cars and shorten the development cycle. Companies have the capacity to produce most of the key parts of the skateboard chassis, which, in the field of chassis electricization and intelligenceization, would provide the mainframe plant with the best light-quantified solutions from the parts level to the systems level, and would provide a switch from heat management, smart brakes, wire control.
The best system-level electrodynamic and intelligent solutions, such as the electrical power shift, the air hangar, the skateboard chassis. Figure 37: The skateboard chassis, the integration super-voltage cast back-cracking strategy. The company's 7200t integrated super-pressure casting back module in February 2022.
The downline marks the company’s first vehicle zero-part supplier of ultra-largely integrated aluminium alloys construction technology in the country. The 7200t condenser is made of super-sized structures that integrate dozens of components into one and create a single form that achieves a 15-20% reduction, while significantly reducing the complexity of the process and shortens the development cycle.
1/3. Thus, there is a huge advantage in light-quantifiable effects, production efficiency, and processing quality. The materials and equipment industry leads.
TM high-heat-resilient treatment of aluminium alloys, which avoids spare parts, inch deformations and surface defects due to thermal treatment, mobility above 15% of the same grade material, plastic build over 30%, ensuring a higher dimension of performance, such as whole-car crash, is a major breakthrough in the manufacturing of low-carbon alloy technologies in the auto industry, bringing industry to the fore.
In terms of equipment, the company has introduced 7200t-pressurizers, the first of its kind to be used in the country. In 2021, the company signed a strategic agreement for the purchase of 21 sets of casting units, including 6 7200 tons, 10 4,500 tons and 5 2,000 tons of casting equipment for new-energy vehicles, such as the forward cabin, rear car and electricity.
The unit price and the Māori are constantly rising, with the fastest harvests. The company's chassis system, which used to be mainly a medium- and low-end vehicle model, is dominated by steel chassis. In recent years, the company has been active in expanding its high-quality customers, such as Tesla, Rivian, Uri, Biadei, Gilly, etc.
For the second year in a row, the company maintained its second largest operation, after the transfer of interior and external accoutrements to the company; the collection of cagr in 20-23 was 41.3 per cent, higher than the other categories, and was the fastest growing in the last three years.
Lines. With the increase in the share of the aluminium chassis, sales and unit prices have increased year by year, at the end of 2023, car electronics were sold on the system 2.4: national production substitution has accelerated and is expected to reshape the competitive pattern 2.4.1 chassis.
Wire control (xbywire) means control of the implementing agency by using a wire (telephone), which refers to the conversion of the conventional machine, hydraulic, aerodynamic, etc. connection mode in the chassis to a guidance line, and the manipulation of the action via the sensor into a telecommunications signal, which is transmitted directly to the implementing agency via a cable (can/lin), thereby achieving the purpose of controlling the vehicle.
The key enforcement layer of the technique, similar to the system architecture of the traditional chassis, consists of line control (blake-by-wire), line control (steer-by-wire), line control (throttle-by-wire), line control (suspension-by-wire) and line control (shift-by-wire).
The company has now formed three lines of Xy/z line-control chassis product lines, such as wire control, wire control switch, line control hangar, which have medium-smart brakes, electric power transfer, contour poles, air hangars, which have been officially produced, smart brakes 2.0, rear wheels, active suspensions, cdc detonators have been laid.
Since 2013, the company has followed the international lead, and has developed block-based electronic vacuum-aided boosters and leaf-based electronic vacuum-aided pumps for use in turbo-boom engine models. As the electricization of cars has grown rapidly, the traditional pattern of vehicles that use turbo-pressure has gradually been reduced, and companies have initiated the development of leaf-based electronic vacuum independent pumps for new energy vehicles.
vp (electronicsvacumpump, electronic vacuum pump) is the main building block of an electric car braking system, because the electric motor does not have a traditional engine to provide a vacuum for the vacuum booster and thus no brake support, and therefore the need for the vp to provide a power source for the braking system and to solve the problem of the absence of a vacuum for the electric car.
The auto smart brake system is the key system for the aeb (automatic emergency braking system) implementation layer. The smart brake system ibs (intelligentbraking system) is also known as integrated braking system ibc, which belongs to the wire control system.
In 2017, the world began to produce smart aids in Europe – ibooster. The continent took the lead in Germany in 2016 in achieving its smart brake system – mkc1. Companies are accelerating their research and development of ibs products and transients, following paces such as the continent and the World. The ibs core components include electromagnetic valves, ecu, pedal simulators, non-scaling.
In December 2023, the company completed the design of the new version of ibs 2.0 of the onebox smart brake system, which is more compact than ibs 1.0 (a 31 per cent reduction in volume), light (a 20 per cent reduction in weight) and economic (a 20 per cent reduction in cost).
ibs2.0, using a fully decoupled braking technique, is highly integrated in the structure, optimizing the brake main tank, electromagnetic valves; redisplaying hydraulic tubes to simplify the layout and require fewer parts to assemble; combining redundant braking modules (rbu) with dual control epb to support autopilots above l3. ibs 2.0 is expected to be completed in June 2024 and mass production in March 2025.
Figure 50: Corporate ibs product structure Figure 49: Corporate ibs 2.0 product Automobile conversion system is an important component of the vehicle chassis system. The conversion system has undergone mechanical-hydro-electric control.
Hydraulic-electric-wire control support development process. ps (electronic powerwiring to the system) means that when an angle sensor detects the driver's intent to move, it sends the signal to the controller, the controller takes a decision based on the control strategy, controls the engine's work, directly uses the power driver to drive the turn-in-axis, saves it.
Hydraulic support systems, more efficient transmissions. According to data from the Institute of Advanced Skilled Automobile Research, the domestic market’s pre-loading rate of vehicles (excluding imports and exports) amounted to 97.57 per cent in 2021, indicating that the ps are now the route to mainstream technology, which is almost at its peak, and foreign firms such as Bo, Ceefu, Nest, nsk, etc., based on global and domestic market patterns.
The company relies on the technological build-up of software, electrical controls, precision manufacturing, etc. in the ibs field, the transfer of motor intelligence to system operations, and the product category, which includes mainly hand-speech simulation systems (hwa), forward wheels to system (rwa), back wheels to system (rws), from the technical classification, including tube column support.
The electric power transfer system (cd-eps), the two-tooth-aided electric power transfer system (dp-eps), etc. In November 2023, the company achieved the official production cut-off of the electrical tubes (easc) product and set nine projects with an annual order of 600,000.
Air suspensions are less permeable and have clear prospects for development. The suspensions are the sum of all transferive connections between the vehicle ' s racks (or bearing body) and the bridge (or wheels) and are used to convey the forces and forces between the wheels and the racks, buffering the impact from the flat side to the rack or body. Depending on the springs, the racks can be divided into the suspensions with steel-based springs.
Air-sleeved hangars. Air hangers have the advantage of light weight, lift-off, flexibility, and high driving comfort compared to normal hangars, but they have fewer vehicle types due to high costs. According to Gaelcar data, in 2023 there was only 2.7%, compared to 1.5 pp, of air-borne preloaded buoys in the country.
The company relies on the machinery, power, and electrical controls that have been developed in the ibs development process.
Software capabilities, as well as chassis calibration capabilities, combined with the company ' s accumulated years of experience in rubber and vacuum pumps, have begun to develop the air hangar system project. The online hangar control area already has three product lines: a closed air hanger system, a power-drive full active hangar system, and a cdc shock absorber. The company ' s first air hanger plant was inaugurated in November 2021 and delivered after delivery.
In addition, the company has developed new products, such as an electrical pole, which will gradually move to the market. In November 2023, the country ' s first autonomous closed air hangar system (c-ecas) was officially produced offline and 8 projects were scheduled, with an annual ordering of 400,000 units.
The advantages of comfort, stability, adaptability, energy consumption, etc., were, in late 2023, the launch of a new model by a well-known car company, the c-ecas product, the first of its kind, a real-volume project with a national closed-air hangar system. In 25 years, our cable-controlled chassis market was close to $70 billion, with a compound growth rate of 23.2 per cent, assuming 24-25 years: (1) me.
National car sales grew by 5/3% respectively; (2) wire controls, wire diversion, air overhang penetration rates were expanded from soft interiors to outdoors, and layout compartment electronics. As car consumption rose and the company expanded its products, smart compartments such as electrical tails, switch drives, intellectual side doors, seat comfort systems, electric transfer doors, etc.
The intelligent development of the car seat is an important part of the smart cabin, and the comfort system of the seat is an important result of the intellectual development of the car seat. Multi-curve regulation refers to the placement of air bags in the seat by the back, side, leg, etc.
Through the pressure and shape of the air chamber integrated into the interior of the back and seat cushion, the contour of the seat is adjusted to the state best suited to the individual; the aerodynamic buttons refer to the installation of small airbags on the back of the seat, which are designed to control movements in different modes of small airbags through software, based on a series of replacements and vents, thus achieving massage effects that ease the long-term use of tight muscles and quickly reach them.
Gas circulation and effective mitigation of driving fatigue. Self-researching, home-made, including airbag modules, electromagnetic valves, inflated gas pumps, controllers, etc., are now achieved, with multiple client orders. Automobile electronics have a high potential for growth. Automobile electronics collected $181 million in 23 years, compared to 5.73 per cent in 5.73 per cent, or 0.9 per cent.
Automobile electronics are expected to grow significantly with the full volume of products such as chassis electronics and passenger compartments starting from 2024. With the impact of higher sales and annual drops, the rate of auto electronics has gradually subsided, from 22.1% in 23 to 3.4 pp. Figure 68: Corporate motors electronics collections and increases (millions of dollars)
Figure 69: Electronic sales and growth in corporate automobiles (in thousands of sets) Figure 70: Average electronic sales price of corporate automobiles (in dollars) Figure 71: Evolution of corporate car electronics (in %)
2.5 Thermal management: Building on existing advantages to extend the layout and foster important growth poles Automobile heat management combines vehicle engines, air conditioners, batteries, electrical related components and subsystems from a full-car perspective Match, optimize and control, effectively solve whole-car heat-related problems, guarantee crews, batteries, electric machines, other components, etc.
In a comfortable temperature environment, the current heat management market can be divided into two main sections: a conventional fuel car and a new energy car, with a conventional fuel car heat management system comprising a cabin heat management, a variable tank heat management, and engine heat management. The new energy car heat management system includes a module heat management, battery heat management and electrical heat control.
Refrigeration: New-energy van cooling basics are the same as conventional fuel cars, using cool condensation to heat, evaporate to heat, cools down the cabins, the difference being that fuel car air-conditioning compressors are engine-driven and new-energy car air-conditioning compressors are electric.
Heating. The heating patterns of new energy vehicles vary widely from traditional fuel cars, where residual heat from the engine to the engine is passed through the cooler, but new energy vehicles do not have engines, and the usual heating methods are ptc wind/water heating and heat pumps. Auto-electricated heat management bicycles have significantly increased in value and heat management systems.
The system is more complex than conventional cars, where the value of new energy vehicles is increased mainly by components such as power compressors, heat pump air conditioners, ptc heaters, etc. Thermopumps drive product replacement upgrades. Thermopump air conditioning is based on heat removal and battery-driven electric compressors conduct refrigerants.
Treatment, heat exchange with refrigerants. Refrigerants transform into high temperature, high pressure gases, run through four valves, and high temperature, high pressure gases flow into indoor heat exchangers (acting as condensers at this time) and low temperature, high pressure liquids heat up, and low temperature, high-pressure fluids reduce pressure from the swelling valves to the outside of the vehicle.
Thermostats (at this point acting as evaporaters) evaporate and become gases, which are compressed by compressors to create high-temperature high-pressure gases, complete a cycle. Thermopumps are an effective solution to the shorter mileage of electric cars. The ptc heat can only produce a maximum of 1 kw heat, while the heat pump air conditioners are the heat belts of the environment using low-boiling refrigerants.
Into the car, the heat in the car is 1 kw electric power plus low heat absorbed. So the heat pump program increases significantly in size compared to the ptc-based heat pump air conditioning market. The core components of the heat pump air conditioning in the new energy vehicle include electric compressors, electronic expansion valves, four-way valves, pipelines, etc.
The market size of the new energy auto heat management system in the country was 72.8 billion yuan in 2025, with a 23.4 per cent compound increase in 23-25 years, and the integration of the whole car heat management system is moving in the direction of integrated heat management in combination with heat pump air conditioners and three power systems (overheat recovery).
As a result, the various subsystems of the new energy car heat management generally follow a decentralized structure. The decentralized heat management system is more costly and inefficient due to spare parts and pipe redundancy and the inability to manage the whole car heat in a coherent and coordinated manner, resulting in the uneffective use of batteries and electrical residual heat. From the system structure, the new energy car heat management is decentralized and integrated from the various subsystems.
An integrated thermal management system can recover three excess heat to reduce energy consumption and increase heat pump performance. Given the poor performance of the heat pump system in the low temperature scenario, recovery of battery residual heat can enhance the performance without additional energy consumption.
In 2020, the company built on deep sediments in the electronics sector of automobiles and developed heat management systems such as the total heat pump, which led to a breakthrough from 0 to 1, with the first generation of products supplied to Tesla in only four months. The current product of the company ' s heat management system includes electronic expansion valves, electromagnetic cut-off valves, electronic water.
Pumps, multi-water valves, heat exchangers, gas separators, flowboards, heat management controllers, etc. and heat pump integration modules. To circumvent the patents of the first generation of heat management system products, the company has developed a second generation of products that can provide water-side and agent-side-side-separated partial integration programmes, as well as a high-level integration programme that can effectively meet the different needs of customers and can produce a wide range of products.
In January 2024, the company successfully developed a new generation of electronic water valves - nine valves, high-end products in the series of electronic water valves, with the advantages of efficiency, integration, intelligence, a step-by-step expansion of product lines, and the company's current electronic water valves have become industry poles.
The company has a complete thermal management module and a self-research and self-manufacturing capability for core parts, with factories covering China, Europe and the Americas, with customers continuously expanding, including Tesla, Biadei, Ideas, Cyrus, and the first half of the year. The total thermal management capacity is over 4 million units per year, with cumulative output exceeding millions.
With the technical advantages of the heat management system and a stable mix of capabilities, the company obtained global head-to-head approval for the first time in 2021, generating $1,285 million in HRM products, and a major package of new energy models for customers like Tesla. As the new energy business continues to grow, the heat management business continued to grow.
Billion dollars, +13.1% of the year, and 9.8% of the year ' s year ' s year ' s revenue, cagr, 21-23, sold 61,91 million heat-management products in 23 years, together with 2.6 drivers: volume production, i.e., millions of market space prospects for human robotics, are promising. Robots are one of the most promising emerging industries in today ' s society, and can be vast.
In the twenty-first century, major manufacturers, led by Honda and Boston power, have distributed man-made robots, but limited to the maturity of hardware and software, and the early development of human robots has been slow. In the progressive development of algorithms and hardware, the human face has evolved.
Robot races also have many “new faces,” and major manufacturers have been launching their own human robot products since 2022. According to the World Bank, the global workforce is estimated at 3.62 billion people, assuming a unit cost of 150,000 human robots, 20% of the labor force is replaced by robots, and the global market for human robots can be 100 trillion-dollar-sized.
In August 2021, Tesla first released the Teslabot project, code-named Optimus. On Teslaitiday, late September 2022, the prototype was released, weighing 73 kg, sitting at 100w power, leaving 500w power to go.
The core of Tesla's robotics is to reduce costs and energy consumption, and to minimize the number of spare parts and spare parts per day.
The power of the components is expected to be delivered within three to five years, yielding millions of units, possibly at a price of less than $20,000. Tesla aims to “mass production” of human robots, driving the industry to rapid growth. The motion executors are one of the core components of robots. Because human robots need to simulate human action, they need to simulate human action.
The Tesla human robot optimus is power-driven, has 28 implementers, and is based on two scenarios, namely, a spin-by-roller and a linear executor. 1) Rotation executor based on an unboxed rectangulator + harmonics + accelerator + a double encoder + angular bearing + angular bearing + angular bearing: 2) the base is dry and unchallenged.
Rectangular + encoder + planetary rollers + force sensors + deep ditch bearings + linear implementers of four-point contact bearings. Reduction in the type of drive to be used through progressive and common research, currently using six implementers, rotating and linearly three different types. Corporate layout human robot drivers. Packages, based on the technological capabilities accumulated in the smart brakes ibs project
In July 2023, the company splits up the robotics department. The company's sports executives consist of the electrical, electrical, and decelerating units, and the samples are approved by the client, with great potential for subsequent development. On 8 January 2024, the company's two machines were set up.
The power-driven production line is officially operational, with an annual capacity of 300,000 electric power-drive executors, and new production capacity has been set in motion. The driver business will create a new growth pole for the company, which will continue to grow in the double industry of 3.1 companies that form smart cars and robotic components, with net profits rising.
Corporate revenue continues to grow and net profits rise. Over the past 20 years, with the expansion of large customers, the recovery of the global automobile industry, the optimization of the corporate product structure, the rising market share of products both domestically and internationally, the company ' s business continued to grow well, with 645 million net profits, +43.4 per cent of the year, and the company ' s Māori and net interest rates recovered in the wake of the epidemic.
Growing profitability and increasing solvency of companies. As the automobile industry warms up with the expansion of the production of new energy vehicles, companies have increased their investment in research and development and production in new and emerging industries as a result of the expansion of their production since 2020.
There has been a clear upward trend in the asset-liability ratio in recent years. There has been an upward trend in corporate liquidity, mainly due to higher corporate profits, higher cash balances and increased short-term solvency.
A significant increase has kept the management and sales cost rates relatively stable since 21 years, and the financial cost rates have fluctuated considerably in recent years, mainly as a result of the fluctuations in financing costs of new operations and exchange rate effects.
Scenario 2: With the continued expansion of lightly quantified customers and product structural upgrades, the projected volume of system sales at the end of 24-26 is assumed to be 3 respectively: higher capacity utilization as the heat management client is released, and the projected volume of thermal management products at the end of 24-26 years is projected to be sold respectively 4.
Consider the scope of operations together and select the four listed companies: Bertley, Desaiseew, Koboda, Sanhua, as comparable companies, with an average valuation of 32 and 25 times the value in 2023 and 2024, respectively. Taking into account the company ' s risk of price fluctuations for engine parts in the Tier0.5 platform (1) raw materials. The cost of raw materials accounts for most of the company ' s total sales costs and is subject to the international domestic economy.
The impact of such factors as the situation, national macro-regulation policies, and changes in supply and demand in the market may have a negative impact on the performance of companies if upstream raw materials rise significantly in the short term and the prices of corporate products are not adjusted in a timely manner. (2) The industry is at risk. The company’s products are mainly used in the automotive sector, if the global economic situation deteriorates in the future.
Alternatively, negative changes in national industrial policies may result in a continuous decline in the volume of automobiles, which adversely affects the ability of firms to produce and earn. (3) Competition in the market increases the risk. As the auto parts and components industry evolves, the customer ' s technical level and quality of the product is expected to increase.
There is a higher demand that in the future companies will have a negative impact on their continued profitability and financial position if they fail to maintain technological innovation and respond in a timely manner to the demand of markets and customers for advanced technology and innovation products. (4) The risk of exchange rate fluctuations. Companies operate globally, and companies face exchange rate fluctuations that lead to the purchase of materials and the sale of manufactured goods.
Economic losses due to price fluctuations (5) The risk of high client concentration. The company’s top clientele are relatively high, and if the sales volume of the first largest customer drops, the public sector is at risk of a contraction in business.
No compensation of any kind has been, will not be, and will not be, obtained, directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.