Tier0.5 platform supplier, robotics leading long-term growth Investment rating: purchase (first) of TIER0.5 platform spare parts supplier, 9 major product categories growing continuously
The Top Group is taking stock of industry trends, forward-looking smart electric car lanes, expanding production lines and forming a supply of engine 0.5 platform parts. The company now owns eight major series of car parts and components, namely, car nvh decomposition systems, interior and interior accessories systems, light weight quantification, intelligence.
In addition, the company has set up a power and power department to actively expand robotic executioner operations.
A comparison of company prices with the trend of 300 depths is the quality of the company's customer structure, the expansion of the sea and the emergence of new growth. The company seizes the opportunity of the era of the rise of new energy cars and actively expands its new energy mainstream car customers.
In the domestic market, the company’s collaboration with companies such as Hua-Celes, Ideas, Chiré, the Wall, Mi, Biadi, Gilly, etc. is moving rapidly, and the amount of the bicycle package is constantly increasing. In the international market, the company’s innovative car company with the United States is a customer, as well as Ford, gm,
Traditional car companies, such as stellentis, cooperate fully in the area of new energy vehicles. To meet the needs of customers outside the sea, companies are actively building Polish and Mexican factories, with great prospects for going out to the sea.
• The creation of an electric power department with a vast operational space for human robotics, one of the most promising emerging industries in society today, which can be widely applied to various scenarios, such as intelligent manufacturing, medical care, services and the liberation of the labour force, thereby improving the quality of human life
The company developed the smart brake system ibs project, which for many years has created deep technological deposits in the areas of machinery, speed-reducing institutions, electric machines, electrical controls, software, etc., on the basis of which robotic implementers have been developed. The robotic power-drive and rotation executors developed by the company have been delivered to customers on several occasions.
To simulate the human movement, each machine needs dozens of motion executors, with a single machine worth about tens of thousands of yuan, and a wide market space. Topper Group is a good supply of tier 0.5 platform parts and components to capture new energy vehicles.
The company has a variety of products and developed nine product matrices, air suspensions, new energy car heat management and robotic executives, which are expected to sell less than expected for downstream customers; new robotics are not expanding as expected; and overseas operations are less profitable.
The company now owns eight large series of vehicles.
Car spare parts products, i.e. car nvh decomposition system, interior and interior adornment system, light weight quantifier, smart cabin parts, heat management system, chassis system, air suspension system, smart driving system, one-car approximation fee of about $30,000, and company product lines still have room for expansion.
In 2023, the Tupou Group collected $19.7 billion, or +23.2 per cent, the mother ' s net profit of $2.16 billion, or +27.0 per cent, and the net profit of $2.02 billion, or +22.1 per cent.
In the context of sales volume absorption, benefits from the high growth of other clients (Wa, Biade, Ideas), +0.3 pct; by branch of operation, companies collect $4.3 billion, i.e. + 11.0 per cent, Māori rate + 0.6 pct, ring - 1.7 pc, net interest rate 11.3 per cent, +1.3 pc, ring + 1.4 pc, product benefit
Structural optimization, the release of scale effects, and customer exposure, and corporate profitability improved by the same ring ratio.
Figure 3 Tupou Group income from operations in 2023. Figure 4 Tupou Group gross profit composition in 2023
Heat management, interior features, rubber decomposition.
The Topper Group now owns eight series of car products plus robotic implementer products: 1) nvh minus
Seismic systems, including total power supports, power-drivers, tube-reducing supports, reverse-shockers, sub-carriers, hydraulic linings, etc.; 2) internal and external accoutrements systems, including car panels, roof sheds, main carpets, clothing, caps, sound insulations, boxes, soundproofing products, etc., as well as seals, decorations, etc.
(c) Lightly quantified body body, including integrated rear and rear plates, body structures, door structures, battery pack structures, etc.; (d) smart cabin components, including switch controllers, electrical tail doors, electric moving doors, seat comfort systems, etc.; (e) heat management systems, including integrated heat pumps,
Multiple valves, electron pumps, electro-inflated valves, etc.; 6) chassis systems, including front/back steel/aluminium co-arcophagus, control arm, puller, turnover, etc.: 7) air hangar systems, including integrated gas units, air flares, high sensors, etc. 8) intelligent driving systems, including wire transfer, wire brakes, switch poles, etc.
; 9) Robots powered executors, including rotation executors and straight-line executors.
The power chassis system, the field mind business, the apparel system business.
The shock-reducing system, the interior system, the smart brake system.
The line executive system, the twister system, the outer apparel system.
The power-propelled transfer system, the suspension system, the sealing system.
The chassis system, the air suspension system, the spin-off system.
Door-drilling systems, thallium alloy systems, electronic implementers systems.
Soundproofing system, turning to the knot system, the robotic arm system.
Thermal management system, seat comfort system, chart 6 top nine product lines.
Two clients have a high-quality client structure, expanding to sea and generating new growth, and the company-tier 0.5 cooperation model continues to advance to capture high-quality customers. The company seizes the opportunity of the new energy engine, the car rises, and actively expands its new energy mainstream clientele, and the customer structure is of high quality.
On the international market, companies and traditional car companies such as Washington-Celese, Ideas, Chirre, Wall, Mi, Biadei, Gilley, etc. have been working on a full scale in the area of new energy vehicles.
Figure 7 Topop Group client structure, in order to match the needs of overseas customers, the company is actively building Polish and Mexican factories, and the prospects for going out to the sea are wide. The Tier 0.5 model of cooperation promoted by the company with strategic clients has been exemplaryly successful.
The company maintains a cooperative concept of “qstp products and services” and obtains a high degree of recognition from strategic clients, and there is considerable scope for subsequent business growth. The company’s factory in Poland has been put into operation, and the factory in Mexico has accelerated.
Planning for construction progress to ensure that the demand for orders from strategic clients is met and strategic partnerships are deepened.3 The creation of an electric power-driven department with a vast operational space for human robotics is one of the emerging industries with the most potential for development in today ' s society and can be widely applied to intelligent manufacturing, medical care, etc.
Various scenarios, such as services, have led to the liberation of the workforce, thereby improving the quality of human life. According to the Topper Group 2023, in the future, hundreds of millions of jobs around the world will be replaced by robots, with a global capacity of millions of dollars in robotics and a wide market space, one of the typical examples of new-quality productivity.
In the context of rapid development and population ageing, the robotics industry is in a period of rapid growth. The company’s ibs project, which has developed smart brake systems, has for many years created deep technological deposits in the areas of machinery, speed-reducing institutions, electric machines, electrical controls, and software.
Robot executors are the core components of robotics, consisting mainly of straight-line executors and rotation executors. To simulate the coherence and multi-liberal flexibility of human movements, there is a need to meet both light quantification, miniaturization, and
Technical indicators of low capacity, robotic implementers need to break through many engineering limits to achieve optimal integration and communication of various types of power, speed-reducing institutions, sensors, encoders, drivers, controllers, and therefore complex structure and skill-intensive.
Self-research capabilities for various types of electric machines, such as boxless machines: 2, with integrated power units, deceleration agencies, controllers: 3, with precision mechanical processing capacity: 4, with synergy of R & D resources and testing resources. On balance, the public administration is more competitive in this area, guaranteeing companies a larger market share.
The company has developed robotic power drive executors and rotation executors, which have sent samples to clients, received their approval and appreciation, and the project is moving fast. To simulate the human movement, each robot needs dozens of motion executors, with a single machine worth about tens of thousands of yuan, and the market space is wide. To seize the opportunity to develop robotic business, the company has passed through the company.
Strategic analysis and decision-making, decision-making, decision-making on the creation of a power-driven department, the establishment of an independent management structure, and the deployment of a team of good professionals, while consolidating the resources of the advantages, thus creating adequate conditions for the rapid development of the business.
New business such as air overhangs, new energy car heat management, and robotic executives are expected to bring new growth points for the company. We expect lower sales from downstream customers; new business expansion from robotics is less than expected; and overseas business is less profitable than expected.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, received directly or indirectly from the specific recommendations or views in the present report.