Audio Holdings (688036.ch): 4q23 Smart, cell phone sales and profits are growing at the same time.
Growth is stable and certain. The basics of sound growth are derived mainly from: 1) gains from lower interest rates in the United States, and demand for smartphones in emerging regions such as Africa is expected to recover from the recovery of the basic disks that drive sound transmissions. 2) Sounding is active in opening up South-East Asia.
The United States and others, which currently have a small market share of smartphones, are trying to achieve their own smartphones more rapidly than the global smartphone market. 3) The high growth of revenue ends and corporate leverage are expected to drive corporate profits. So, we think the basis for soundings is.
At the same time, sound is actively investing in research and development to open gen-ai smartphones. We believe that this will help companies in the future to capture the need for smartphones to be replaced by end-side ai applications, thereby giving companies the support space to value upwards.
According to the performance report, the 4q23 revenue is expected to reach RMB 19.37 billion, an increase of 8% over the same period.
According to idc, the amount of smart cell phones delivered by sounding 4q23 increased by 88% over the same period, and the major areas, including Africa, increased considerably. The average unit price of sounding 4q23 increased by 11% over the same period, roughly the same as in 3q23.
On a flat footing, the company's smarts have entered a positive trend of equal equal value. The net profit of sounding 4q23 is expected to reach 1.62 billion yuan renminbi, and the ring is down • valuation: we use dcf valuation methods to value sound control shares. We use 2.8%.
The recovery has not been as strong as expected. Industry competition has increased again, and players’ profit margins are under pressure and recovery has been slower than expected. The costs of upstream components, raw materials, etc., have risen to erode the company’s Maori space.
Pilgrim International, 4q23 performance report.
Operating income: company disclosure of 4q23 operating income of around RMB 19.370 billion, 83 per cent higher than the previous year; ring increase of 8 per cent. Net profit: company disclosure of 4q23 net profit attributable to parent company owner RMB 1,619 million
The increase in performance during the period was mainly due to the continued expansion of emerging markets and the promotion of products by companies, which increased the overall volume of goods and sales revenues, and to the increase in the Maori rate, which was associated with an increase in the Maori ratio, which benefited from the upgrading and optimization of product structure and output.
Based on the 4q23 performance report, given that sound cellular output is back on growth track and operating leverage belts, we value sound control using the dcf (discountedcashflow, cash flow discount) valuation method. We assume that audio holdings grew by 10% between 2029 and 2033.
Pessimism: Corporate income growth is not as high as expected.
EXCHANGE: Corporate revenue grew better than expected Overseas, especially in developing regions, consumer electronics such as smartphones Overseas, especially in developing regions, consumer electricity such as smartphones
(a) Higher than expected recovery in demand for industrial products;
Business competition has increased again, and profit margins are under pressure; Companies’ new business inputs have continued to grow, delaying performance; African markets are changing smart machines faster than expected, pushing them faster than expected.
The average unit price of sound cell phones continues to rise.7 By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipients of this report have indicated and assured their right to receive this report under the following conditions and have agreed to accept it.
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the production of group information and other publicly available information by the Card Corps-Phoshi International Securities Co. Ltd., which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and in the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report is not intended to be an offer or offer for the purchase or sale of any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive matter for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively “Phibbing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell; and Pilgrim International or any of its directors and/or employees shall not bear any law in respect of any possible loss to investors arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it.