Sinot steel (000708.sz) - 2023 Annual Report Review
In 2023, the company gained ownership of Tianjin steel, raising its capacity to 20 million tons. At the same time, Sino-Taefo’s company’s shareholders successfully replenished their capital to hold the stock of South Steel Group, which produced more than 30 million tons of steel.
The energy sector has an opportunity to expand its exports, with a 19.5 per cent decline in the overall industry, thanks to such advantages as product technology and customer stickyness. In the fourth quarter, the company returns 1.350 billion yuan in net profit and 0.9 per cent in ring growth.
52 weeks of maximum/minimum price variety structure, with 56% growth in corporate energy steel year-on-year; 20% increase in automobile steel sales year-on-year; 37% increase in “two by one” sales year-on-year.
Cost transfer is strong. The company's deep-farming steel industry is rich in quality, provides highly customized services to clients and takes forward-intervention marketing models, maintains long-term strategic cooperation with a large number of users, especially downstream industry champions, making companies more capable of transmitting costs and performing more stablely than industry averages.
In February 2023, the company acquired a controlling interest in Tianjin steel, continuously optimized its variety structure, steadily increased its production and sales, continued to push its interest-bearing liabilities downwards, also achieved a reversal of losses in the short term, and further increased its share of high-end products in the petrochemical industry.
In 2023, the company’s sales costs, management costs, R & D fees, the T-shirts (000708.sz) and the three-quarters of 2023 were rated below the profit ring.
The Chinese Sinte Steel (000708.sz)-2022 Annual Report Review: Good Business Performance, Total Proposed Gold Dividend of $2.85 billion (including Taxes), which in the 2023 Consolidated Report is attributed to the top 3th Quarterly Review of the Chinese Sinte Steel (000708.sz) 2022: Steady Development, Crossing
49.8 per cent of the net profits of ordinary stockholders of municipal companies, with a cash score of about 50 per cent for the fifth consecutive year. Mid-point evaluation of Sino-Sinte Steel (000708.sz)-2022: robust performance and resistance to week-long investment proposal: company as a super-slum business with a clear growth path, a prominent market position, a business.
Tens of thousands of tons, forming five specialized special steel production bases for Jiangsu Heinjit steel, Hubei Great Metallurgical Steel, Shan Dongdong Qingjia Steel, Tianjin Steel Pipe, Jiang Su Jinjiang Te Steel. Meanwhile, Sino-Taefo's company shareholders successfully recapitalized the South Steel Group, which produced more than 30 million tons of steel.
Highlights. Faced with the adverse effects of falling demand in high-end markets for axle bearing steel and automobile steel, the company seized the opportunity of petrochemical, energy industry development, increased exports, and the overall performance base, based on product technology and customer stickyness, grew by 0.9 per cent.
Figure 1: Corporate operating income (millions of yuan) Figure 2: One-quarter operating income and rate of increase (billions, per cent) Figure 3: Net corporate return profits (billions)
The main areas of use of corporate products include energy, automobiles, mechanics, etc., and, as market demand changes, firms actively adjust their variety structure, increase their energy, automobile steel, market development, weak bearing steel, and the adverse effects of falling demand in the mechanical steel market.
Energy steel increased by 56 per cent in the same year (excluding Tianjin steel line sales by 19 per cent); automobile steel sales by 20 per cent more than in the same year; and “two tall one” sales by 37 per cent more than in the same year. At the same time, companies actively expanded overseas markets and seized the opportunity of an off-sea supply chain adjustment, with export sales reaching 2.38 million tons, or 50.1 per cent more than in the same year.
22.0%, well above the domestic rate of 11.7%, is highly cost-transferable. Special steel products have a variety, high requirements, complex processes, etc., which are usually applied to key components in the field of equipment manufacture, and end-users have good material, performance and quality stability in the procurement of products.
There is a high degree of stickyness between users and qualified suppliers. The company's deep-farm steel industry, which is rich in goods, provides highly customized services to customers and takes a marketing model of prior intervention, maintains long-term strategic cooperation with a large number of users, especially leading customers in the downstream sector.
The product base price is negotiated before the final price is determined on the basis of quarterly or monthly steel and raw materials markets and corporate price policies. Higher customer stickyness, high-end product positioning, and unique pricing patterns make companies more cost transferable and perform more stable than the average in the steel industry.
Figure 6: Corporate steel sales (tonnes) Figure 7: Māori rate of company-sub-products (%) Figure 8: Māori ratio of company-sub-regions (%)
In 2017, in 2018, the company acquired Qingdao and Qingjiang steel, which, after their involvement in management, optimized the product structure by technological upgrading, co-opting raw material prices, leveraging the value of the Chinese brand, swapping higher interest rates for borrowing, and enabling the company to perform in the short term.
In February 2023, the company gained a share in the Tianjin steel control, continuously optimized its variety structure, increased production and sales steadily, pushed its interest-bearing liabilities downwards, and also achieved a short-term reversal of the losses and a further increase in the share of high-end products in the petrochemical industry.
In 2023, the cost of company sales, management costs, R & D costs, and the value of the proposed gold dividend, 2.85 billion yuan (including taxes), were assigned to listed companies in the 2023 consolidated statement.
The Division will continue to reconcile the dynamic balance between performance growth and shareholder returns, adhering to a “long-term, stable, sustainable” multi-channel shareholder return mechanism, and sharing industry and corporate development gains with a wide range of shareholders. Investment advice: maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Industry, clear growth paths, a prominent market position, and robust business performance are among the rare targets of the steel industry. Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.