The product layout has been upgraded to sound business-resilient, and Sinot steel (000708.sz) is reported for the year 2023.
As a result of low downstream demand, falling steel prices, high raw material prices, etc. The overall benefits of the industry have been at a low level in recent years, against a backdrop of falling demand and expectations in the steel industry. According to China's Special Steel Association statistics, in 2023, the total profits of priority steel companies fell on a year-on-year basis.
32.40%. At a time of falling profits across the industry, Sino-Sinte steel performed better as a super-column, insisting on market-driven demand and seizing opportunities for energy steel development. Faced with the impact of slippages in demand, such as the bearing steel market, companies quickly changed their approach to petrochemicals, electricity engineering, etc.
The development of industries such as wind and light voltage, new energy vehicles, and the active development of energy and automobile steel have led to a steady increase in the production and sale of steel products, providing security for sound operations. In 2023, the company's steel stock, “two highs and one highs”, continued to grow and the industrial layout was upgraded optimally. In 2023, the company “two highs and one highs”
Product sales increased by 37 per cent on the same basis, with high temperature, corrosive alloy sales increasing by 19 per cent, high steel sales increasing by 12 per cent, special stainless steel sales by 113 per cent, focused on more than 80 “small giants” projects, and tons of specialized seamless steel tubes producing capacity, laying solid foundations for companies to do a strong job in the field of high-end seamless steel pipes.
Basics. In 2023, the efficiency of the Tianjin steel pipe improved significantly, with 719,000 tons of products exported, a further historical record, 300,000 tons of new products developed, 1.19 million tons of priority varieties sold, an increase of 7.1 per cent from the same year, and a further increase in the share of high-end products in the oil, gas and petrochemical industry.
Investment advice: With a rich mix of production lines and over-hard technology, companies can be more resilient to the risks of industrial volatility. As companies acquire Tianjin steel pipes and collaborate with South steel shares, companies are encouraged to move forward.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.