比亚迪 BYD (002594 CH)
全新高端品牌仰望正式亮相,携“易四方”黑技术颠覆百万级新能源车市场
The High-end Yangwang Brand Officially Debuted, Bringing the Cutting-edge e^4 Technology to Subvert the Million-Rmb-level NEV Market
Barney Yao
Oscar Wang
热点速评 Flash Analysis
(Please see APPENDIX 1 for English summary)
1月5日,比亚迪“敢越星河”仰望品牌暨技术发布会正式召开,正式发布首款定位百万级的硬派越野 SUV "U8",和
百万级纯电动性能超跑“U9”超跑车型。在发布会上，比亚迪还正式推出 100%独立自主研发的易四方技术平台，该
平台适用纯电、混动，覆盖越野、超跑等车型，以四电机独立驱动为核心，全面革新了汽车动力架构，将搭载于仰
望品牌全系车型。
国内首个量产的四电机驱动技术“易四方”,四电机独立矢量控制技术创造汽车极致安全技术体系。“易四方”是一套
以四电机独立驱动为核心的动力系统，从感知、决策、执行三个维度全面重构新能源汽车。相较传统的燃油汽车动
力系统,“易四方”可以通过感知力更强的电驱系统,毫秒级的独立调整车辆四轮轮端动态,为用户提供更大的安全
冗余，比如在车辆单轮爆胎后，通过驱动轮对车身姿态进行补偿干预使车辆稳定可控地停下，从动力的根源极大的
避免二次事故发生。搭载“易四方”技术的车型，整车核心系统防护能力将达到 IP68 级别，凭借四轮独立矢量控制功
能甚至可以获得应急浮水脱困能力，彻底打破传统燃油汽车的动力技术应用的想象空间。凭借四电机驱动技术的独
立正负扭矩输出能力，“易四方”技术可以实现在高附着力路面灵活原地掉头，在转向器、制动器不工作的同时实现
低于 40m 的百公里刹停距离、小于 12 米的敏捷转向，使大型 SUV 也拥有不输 AO 级小车的灵活性。在性能上，最
高可达 20500rpm 的转速，超 1100 匹的整车马力，可适应街道、越野、赛道等多场景性能需求。“易四方”进一步丰
富了比亚迪集团的“四位一体”安全体系，使仰望品牌具备以核心技术优势冲击高端市场的硬实力。
百万级新能源高端车型 U8、U9，硬派越野、电动超跑开启比亚迪仰望之路。本次比亚迪仰望品牌两款量产车
型 U8、U9 同步亮相，均标配颠覆性的“易四方”技术。定位为百万级新能源硬派越野的仰望 U8 是比亚迪仰望品牌首
款量产车型，其车长超过5米，车宽超过2米，将未来感和科技感融入到整车的设计中，采用仰望品牌家族式的
“时空之门”设计，极具豪华感的形面和强壮饱满的体量。在“易四方”的技术加持下，仰望 U8 兼具硬派越野的性能
和科技智能，极致的四电机技术挑战极致的户外越野场景，出色的科技感把现代文明带到旷野户外。仰望 U9 定位
为百万级纯电动性能超跑，零百加速达到 2 秒级，整车搭载易四方动力系统，在设计上同样采用“时空之门”的设计
语言，整车的外观在保留了经典超跑设计元素的基础上增添了未来电动超跑的整体感。仰望品牌研发团队用创新的
技术挑战最严苛的安全标准，围绕超跑的安全和舒适方面的痛点打造了 U9 极致安全的车身结构，提供“可街可赛”
的全新驾驶体验。
月2日起，比亚迪股份已申请注册多个“仰望”系列商标，包括“仰望星光”“仰望星空”“仰望繁星”“仰望星际”等。仰望
品牌也将建立自营渠道，从今年一月起，将在深圳、北京、上海、广州、杭州、成都等城市设立体验中心，确保用
户在任意终端触点都可以享受公开透明的服务和一致互通的权益，仰望品牌将着力为用户提供可兑现、可持续的服
务,消除品牌和用户的隔阂,更多地聆听用户最真实的反馈,让用户成为仰望品牌价值共创的参与者,成为中国高
端汽车文化的创造者。
芯片及零部件短缺风险,动力电池等原材料涨价风险,仰望品牌销量不及预期。
图表1
仰望 U8 外观
仰望 U9 外观
图表3
仰望汽车拥有 IP68 级防水及应急浮水脱困能力
“易四方”四电机独立驱动架构
仰望汽车“易四方”极限性能
极致的安全
让性能突破极限
20500rpm
超 1100 匹
97.7%
电机最高转速*
整车最大马力*
最高效率*
易四方平台电驱总成系统
图表8
仰望深度整车融合感知
易四方与传统 ABS 驱动对比
海通國際HAITONG
Summary
Event
On January 5, BYD "Dare to Cross the Star River" brand and technology conference was officially held, officially launching the first
million-yuan-class hard-core cross-country SUV "U8" and the million-yuan-class pure electric performance supercar "U9". At the
conference, BYD also officially launched the 100% independent research and development of the e4 technology platform, which
is applicable to pure electric and hybrid vehicles, covering off-road and supercar models, with four-motor independent drive as
the core, which has comprehensively revolutionized the power architecture of the car and will be equipped with the whole series
of models of the Yangwang brand.
Comments
The first mass-produced four-motor drive technology "e^4", four-motor independent vector control technology to create the
ultimate safety technology system. "e^4" is a set of power system with four-motor independent drive as the core, which
comprehensively reconstructs new energy vehicles from three dimensions: perception, decision and execution. Compared with
the traditional fuel car power system, "e^4" can independently adjust the four wheel end dynamics of the vehicle at millisecond
level through the electric drive system with stronger perception, providing users with greater safety redundancy, for example,
after a single wheel blowout, the vehicle can be brought to a stable and controllable stop through the drive wheel's compensatory
intervention on the body posture, and the root cause of secondary accidents can be greatly avoided. The core system protection
capability of the vehicle will reach IP68 level for the models equipped with the "e^4" technology, and the emergency floating water
release capability can even be obtained with the four-wheel independent vector control function, which completely breaks the
imagination of the power technology application of traditional fuel vehicles. With the independent positive and negative torque
output capability of the four-motor drive technology, the "e^4" technology can realize flexible in-situ turnaround on high adhesion
roads, and achieve a 100km braking distance of less than 40m and agile steering of less than 12m while the steering and brakes
are not working, so that even large SUVs have the agility of AO-class cars. The large SUV has the agility of a small AO-class car. In
terms of performance, with a maximum speed of 20,500rpm and over 1,100 horsepower, the vehicle can adapt to the performance
needs of street, off-road and track scenarios. "e^4" further enriches BYD Group's "Four-in-One" safety system and gives the brand
the hard power to impact the high-end market with its core technology advantage.
Million-yuan-class new energy high-end models U8 and U9, hard-core off-road and electric supercar open the road of BYD Look
Up. The two mass-production models of BYD's Yangwang auto brand, U8 and U9, were unveiled simultaneously, both equipped
with the disruptive "e^4" technology as standard. Positioned as a million-yuan-class new energy hard-core off-road, the U8 is the
meters, integrating futuristic and technological sense into the design of the whole vehicle, adopting the family-style "Gate of Time
and Space" design of the Yangwang auto brand, with a very luxurious shape and strong and full volume. With the technical support
of "e^4", the U8 has both hard-core off-road performance and technological intelligence. The ultimate four-motor technology
challenges the ultimate outdoor off-road scenario, and the outstanding technology brings modern civilization to the wild outdoors.
The U9 is positioned as a million-yuan-class pure electric performance supercar, with 100km/h acceleration of 2 seconds. The
entire vehicle is equipped with an easy four-way power system, and also adopts the design language of "Gate of Time and Space".
The R&D team of the brand has used innovative technology to challenge the most stringent safety standards and built the U9's
extremely safe body structure around the pain points of supercar safety and comfort, providing a new driving experience that is
"street-ready and race-ready".
BYD has applied for registration of several "Yangwang auto" series trademarks and established self-operated channels, hoping
to make users become the value co-creators of the brand. According to the data of Tian yan cha, BYD has applied for registration
of several "Yangwang auto" series trademarks since December 2, 2022, including "Yangwang Starlight", "Yangwang Starry Night"
"Yangwang Starry Star" "Yangwang Interstellar", etc. The brand will also establish its own channels, and from January 2023, it will
set up experience centers in Shenzhen, Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Hangzhou, Chengdu and other cities to ensure that users
can enjoy open and transparent services and consistent and interoperable rights and interests at any terminal contact. Users will
become the participants of the value co-creation of Yangwang brand and the creators of China's high-end car culture.
Risks
Risk of shortage of chips and parts, risk of price increase of raw materials such as power batteries, and sales of the Yangwang brand
falls short of expectations.
附录 APPENDIX
重要信息披露