Wang Wei-chul's privatization program has been announced to improve efficiency and speed up the eco-branding strategy of the intelligent family.
The company issued an announcement to privatize the Hale appliances (1169.hk) and, by way of presentation, to market the Hale Ji family on the main board of the port, issuing up to 2.86 billion shares of h shares.
The programme has been considered by the Board of Directors, and there is uncertainty about future agreement between the Commission, the Ministry of Commerce and the Shareholders Assembly of the two companies and the regulatory body.
In the short term, the privatization programme will raise net profits and spread short-terms: before the privatization, Hale and his co-activists held 58.4% of the shares directly or indirectly in Hale electrical appliances, held as controlling shareholders in Hale electrical appliances, which were included in the Hale Jide consolidated statement.
According to financial data, this privatization programme has no direct impact on Hale's collection and Maori rates in the short term, but due to the return of minority shareholders' rights, the size of the net net profit to be earned by the company will benefit efficiency in the long term and accelerate the development of an eco-branding strategy for intelligent families.
Step-by-step increase in the proportion of red: (1) When privatization is completed, the full class of companies will share a single business, R & D, marketing, service systems and `u+ Smart Family Life Platform', leading to income growth through cross-selling of the full class of smart family solutions, and will also benefit the company globally
Optimizing resource allocation through overseas outreach belts, such as washing machines, water heaters and water purification products, with increased revenue; (2) Upon completion of privatization, associated transactions and competition will be reduced, management synergies and operational efficiency will be enhanced, decision-making processes will be optimized, full process response cycles will be shortened, and public promotion will be facilitated
In-house deep integration of “full group integration” and changes in business systems “digitalization of the whole industry chain” in the context of the Wisdom Family scene; (3) privatization facilitates the integrated management, planning and optimization of capital structures: (4) Hale thinkers, by introducing the listed landing h shares, will present the company's global workforce.
A platform for equity incentives to facilitate the development of company operations, both within and outside the country: (5) The company plans to pay profit forecasts and investment proposals: due to the uncertainty of the programme, we are not adjusting for short-term downturns in corporate performance affected by the epidemic, but taking into account the increased efficiency of the company following the privatization of Hale appliances.
Table 1: Measurement of the impact of privatization on Heil's financial indicators (based on the 2019 financial estimates in millions of yuan) is based on the expected remuneration (extected return; er), as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.