q2 Reconstructing Strength and Efficiency Reform has opened up a new chapter.
q2 performance was optimized month by month, the market was fully repaired and the epidemic affected profits to be raised. Company q2 battalion received 2.1 per cent more than the parent ratio of 41.2 per cent and single q2 net operating cash flow increased 133.7 per cent, with the market share of the main product being more innovative.
The share of the six main products, electricity, water heaters, water purifiers, etc., rose to 2.3 pct-4.9 pct, of which the share of the ice was 35-40%, further reinforcing the monopoly. The share of the empty-cooked market was optimized for profit.
The increase in the market expansion strategy for cooking is accompanied by a short-term loss of profits and a decrease of 3.3 pct/1 pct, respectively. The increase in costs and the loss of profit on credit still needs to be improved.
The main reasons for this are: (i) the cost of sales incurred as a result of the price competition for empty cooks and the marked increase in storage costs during the outbreak period; (ii) the administrative costs are mainly attributable to the increase in the personnel of the Caos platform (which has been announced to be removed in the second half of the year); and (iii) the inventory and account period under the epidemic, where companies account for the impairment of assets and credit losses of $61.11 billion.
High-end and global-repairs are higher than expected, and the expansion leads the industry. The company’s high-end and globalization drive the entire domestic home brand, which was quickly restored and expanded during the reporting period.
In return, the 30 per cent increase in May-June and the 1w plus ice-washing share of the high-end were further consolidated by globalization: 47 billion yuan, or 0.6 per cent, in overseas revenues during the reporting period, and negative urban growth in the context of the epidemic.
A three-pronged layout. It is less affected by overseas political risks than other domestic brands.
Privatization drives the reform of the management structure, and the second half of the year's profits release opens up a full profit rise. The Hale Electrical Privatization Program, a central signal of changes in the corporate governance structure, is in the process of being completely eliminated at multiple levels.
The profits of labor release period. Unlike beauty and gravity, Heir’s size, though equally large, had not been fully released before, complex architecture and bottom efficiency had led to higher costs during the period, and the domestic structural reforms that were expected to be under way would continue to expand the corporate profit margin, with the early results in q3.
Investment proposals: The rapid upgrading of the market share of companies and the rapid restoration and optimization of the advantages of globalization, the epidemic, short-term profit-taking, privatization-driven corporate structural reforms, with the prospect of opening the new Bureau of International Electric Enterprises Clients in the second half of the year, with in-depth business experience and understanding of the business chain in the domestic electricity sector. In early 2018, East Hing Securities was responsible for research in the domestic electricity sector.
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in the present report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.