Middle oil capital is rated as having performed well, with equity replenishment as a financial event: the company recently released its mid-2019 report, which achieved a gross operating income of $16,346 million, financial companies, financial leasing performance double up and banking and trust performance fell in the first half of the year.
The total operating income of the finance company was $8,204 million, an increase of 5.14 per cent in the same year; the gross operating income of the finance company was $1,749 million, an increase of 6.34 per cent in the same year; commercial banking operations built a “one-stop” financial services platform based on shareholder advantage.
Group resources, deepening production integration operations, establishing subregional, branch-lined integration coordination mechanisms around the oil and gas industry chain, total equity/flow (millions of shares)
Total market value/flow (million yuan) promotes full coverage of financial products and services.
With the advantages of integration of sources, strategic partnerships with major banks have been established to obtain deposits of $27,721.1 billion from China Oil Group and its subsidiaries and $18,514.47 billion from loans and finance rental receivables, from the National Development Bank and, on 30th of January, from China Oil Group and its financial enterprises.
In July 2019, the shareholders meeting agreed that China's limited oil capital and China's oil group and China's oil shares would be replenished to China's oil treasury in proportion to their shareholdings, for a total of $22.64 billion, of which China's oil finance capital would be used to finance China's oil.
The cash replenishment of the three-party shareholders is RMB 14 billion (3.605 billion of the cash replenishment is recognized as registered capital, the remainder of which is accounted for in the Central Oil Financial Capital Reserve), and the investment proposal is that the middle-oil capital is based on the industry context and covers banks and the Treasury.
The advantages of integration operations are evident in a number of areas, such as divisional, financial leasing, trust, insurance, insurance brokerage, securities, credit enhancement.
The company realized a total operating income of $16,346 million, a 0.51 per cent decline in the same year; achieved a net return of $4,082 million to the mother, a two-fold increase in financial companies, financial leasing performance, and a decline in banking and trust operations. In the first half of the year, the total operating income of the finance company was $8,204 million (including China and Oil Finance and its subsidiaries), an increase of 5.14 per cent in the same year; and commercial bank operations (including the Kunlun Bank) were increased by 5.14 per cent.
The total operating income of the financial leasing operations (including the Kunlon financial lease and its subsidiaries) was $1,749 million, an increase of 6.34 per cent; the total operating income of the trust operations (including the Kunon Trust) was $330 million, a decrease of 18.08 per cent; and other operations (including limited middle-oil capital, middle-intelligence insurance, exclusive insurance, middle-oil assets and others)
In the first half of the year, total operating income in the company was 12.616 billion yuan, or 22.82 per cent of total operating income.
Second, building a “one-stop” financial services platform based on shareholder advantage as a gold-control platform for the China Oil Group, with China oil capital owning the most comprehensive financial license plate of a listed company.
It is an all-inclusive and comprehensive gold operation that operates banking, financial company operations, financial leasing operations, trust operations, insurance operations, insurance brokering operations, securities and credit enhancement operations through its holdings, participating companies, the Kunlon Bank, China Oil Finance, the Kunon Financial Leasing, China Oil Assets, exclusive insurance, China Money Insurance, China Life, Kunon Insurance Brokers, China Bank and China.
The company uses the resources of the China Oil Group to deepen its production integration operations and to establish subregional, sub-lined production around the oil and gas industry chain, in conjunction with the coordination mechanism, to promote full coverage of financial products and services in the context of the current integration of oil groups in the RCM. The company is active in harnessing the advantages of resource integration, building strategic partnerships with major banks and acquiring countries.
As of 30 June 2019, the balance of the deposits of the China-China Oil Group and its subsidiaries was $27,721.1 billion in loans and loans and loans receivable, and over $22 billion in the three-party equity replenishments.
On 13 June 2019 and 2 July 2019 respectively, the Company ' s Board of Directors and Shareholders ' Assembly considered and adopted the Bill on a Limited Financial Replenishment of Medium Oil Capital to Medium Oil, agreeing to a Replenishment of Limited Medium Oil Capital to the Central Oil Group and China Oil Shares, respectively, in proportion to their shareholdings, for a total of 22.64 billion yuan, of which the Registration Capital Fund was transferred from the Central Oil Capital Reserve.
8064 million yuan, with a three-party cash build-up of $14 billion (3.605 billion of the cash replenishment, the rest of which is taken into account) shows the firm ' s major shareholders ' confidence in the future prospects of the middle oil finance and the middle oil capital, in addition to the limited middle oil capital, which will be converted from the undistributed profits of the exclusive insurance to the registered capital of 400 million yuan.
Investment proposals: Central oil capital depends on the industry context and covers a wide range of areas such as banking, financial companies, financial leasing, trust, insurance, insurance brokers, securities, credit enhancement, and the advantages of the integration business.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.