Quickly reported subsidiaryofinamerchantsbank kweichowmoutai (600519ch)
1 qcaameinslighthighherthanweexpected targetprice
♪ Up/downside moutaireleasedits1qpreliminaryfinaldatatatactactationwith crrentprice ♪
I don't know what you're talking about, remember/netprofitsgroningby 18/19%, specifically.thedatatrakedabove the 15% managementguidancegevenforthefullyearof chinaconsumerstaples-
2023. Weatributethrethrengthmainlytotheincrementalsalesgrovestfrom food andbeverage imoutaiandstrongpremiumationoffort.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, and wethinkthithallhelpdispelconcernona weakmarchsamentummomentumstradoutothercentwinefair.
.ofontote,thenewstriggeredsectorsharepristedtown byc.3% lastmonday (10 april).
Ourrecentchannelcheckwithdistribuctorsindidicatedtwholesatwholespricingforsealdfeitianmooutaiperbottlehasrecoveredtoabout rmb2,950 (fromlowofmb2,900inmarch).goingforward,wesee
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm so sorry, dearestish. we've never seen anything like it.
I'm sorry, in the middle & bcoverageoverse. shareperformance.ourtpisbasedon41.0xend-23ep/e, whichpresentslong-term
I don't know what you're talking about.
Forefrontofchina'sreopeningwithhghcertatintyinearningssupport. 12-mthpriceperformancesource:bbg
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, butctor's full-runcoultakea source: companydata, bloomberg, cmigestimates crbeer (291hk)-other
Photo used with permissionyearfor2023; our preferrednickforchina'sre-chinafeihe(6186hk)-booksto
Beabetaplaywith 1h23, when beirthratelikelystartsinflecting source: companydata, and bigmestimats
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Orisser; and (2) nopartofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe, directlynordirectly, relattothepicviewsexressedbythatanalyst inthisreport.besides, theanalystconfirstothertheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefininedin thecodeofconductissed by thehonkongsecuities)
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's.
It's not like I've been working on it, coveredinthisreport.
:stockisnotradedbycmbigm outperform mark-perform
"underperform cm internationalglobalmalketslimited cm internationalglobalmalmätslimited" ("cmbigm") iawholnyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed
I'm not providindidually tailed vesmentative.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
And/orconclusionsdiffrommethisreport. The publicsreffectiffentassumption, point-of-viewandanalyticalmethodswhencompiliation. & bigmmayake invesicisonsortorting proprietarypositationhatareinconstativewiththeothercommensionsorviewsinthisreport. & Bigmmayhaveaposition, makemarketsoractaciasppalotageintransactionsinsinsecuritiesofcompaniesreferredhisreportforitsselfand/oronbehalf
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'll be able to do it again.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.