\triangleright's five-line ecological system, which clearly establishes the low-level logic for the development of the hut, and management's increase in the number of years completed
1.797.69 The long-term objective conveys strong confidence and provides greater certainty to investors; in addition, management provides detailed answers to the concerns of investors, such as industry trends, channels, price increases and funds management, and responds positively and frankly to the market.
Upgrading the five-line ecosystem, moving towards the United States. At the conference, the Chairman of the Toyotung Army gave a presentation on the theme “The five-line ecosystem of the United States \triangleright” and shared the experience of the past two years with Mao Dai's aesthetics and ecology.
New thinking in the process of business development has upgraded the “Five Lines of Development” to “Five Lines of Ecology.” The Blue Line focuses on “Growing”, building on the United States’ industrial ecology, product ecology and channel ecology, and now the company has formed a chain of industries and a horizontal landscape, product ecology that meets the different needs of consumers, and a parallel.
A coordinated channel ecology; the Green Line focuses on “green”, building the quality ecology and natural ecology of the United States, achieving full quality management, global quality synergy, life-cycle quality control and full coverage through the “365” quality system.
s010521000202 Quality of the barbarians; White Line Focusing on Power, through technology, digitization, reform and development, to form a powered system for sustainable development; Purple Focusing on Culture, building a beautiful cultural ecology and community ecology
Zhang Lingyu, combining Mao culture with traditional Chinese culture, Chinese wine culture with innovation, promoting the creative transformation of Mao culture
And innovative development; the red line focuses on “safe” to create a beautiful, safe ecology.
In terms of industry trends, a binary view of industrial policies and industrial patterns, in which industrial patterns focus on macroeconomics and consumer policies, is presented in the first quarter of 2023 in Guizhou (600519.sh).
With 23 years of internationalization, 24 years of exploring new channels, new products, new prices, new modes of dissemination, 25 years of internationalization, and internationalization.
Market patterns are mutually reinforcing; in addition, companies continue to diversify their channels, with three generations of special stores, soybean experience centres, supermarkets, malls, electric power suppliers, etc., with the main channel at the end of b., with the direct system and group purchasing of business. 3. Guozhou huts (600519.sh) are reported for the year 2022:
At the end of c, and through the ipot, the bc co-ordinated ecology. In terms of price increases and capital management, the company will continue to push for price marketization reforms, secure fund management through financial companies, provide future double-digit growth for shareholders, exceeding the annual target of 2022.
Investment recommendations: high-quality development, long-term value highlights. Corporate business resilience is high, and the momentum for change is high.
Special dividends, confidence-building among major shareholders - 2022/11/2022 - promising high-quality development under a strategically determined and determined development path, and a successful general meeting of shareholders promising to boost \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.