The performance was over-expected, with the opening of a quarter – a report from the incident evaluation report of the Guizhou Maotai (600519.sh) company, which issued an advance report for the year 2023 on 16 April 2023.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn is over-expected, opening doors a quarter ago, and according to the announcement, the total income of the 2023q1 battalion was about $39.16 billion, or about 18 per cent;
The net profit is about $20.52 billion, an increase of about 19%, opening up a quarter, red, and strong performance. Companies continue to play a leading role in resource alignment, digital integration, cultural convergence, branding, and the "Five Co-ops."
For the year, the target of about 15% is reached. i Maotai continues to be active, with 1935 punctuating 10 billion channels, and according to the 2022 annual report, I Mau has received 11,883 million.
RMB, or 24% of the direct distribution channel, successfully imported the "4+5" product structure into the "4+5" system. The i-gate is expected to continue in 2023 and is expected to earn over $8 billion a season. With regard to product layout, 193.5 billion items were imported from the "4+5" product structure in 2023.
The target is expected to be reached, with an expected income of nearly $3 billion a quarter, while the Windy World is officially on the line, issuing 24 bottles of cultural wine on a continuous basis. As the Maotai group distributes the pottery, its education continues to deepen, and the company as a whole is growing.
Successfully dismissed, 2023 continued in 2023. 2023-2.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, slower growth in production capacity, less than expected, reform process, 3 and "Goozhou Maotai (600519), performance period, i-potament growth less than expected, fast-tracking prices, etc.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short- to medium-term potential, a share of thinking about white wine plates, deep-seated thinking and insight into the Su wine, Ho Ho, Bachelor of Law, University of Shandong, and Master of Arts, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, for dual master of law, economics and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.