The performance of 2301 was over-expected.
On April 16, the company issued a bulletin on the first quarter of 2023. During the reporting period, performance exceeded expectations and opened doors successfully. In its 2022 annual report, the company announced its goal of a year-round increase of 2023.
Work, which continues a good development trend during the quarter, has outperformed expectations, setting the tone for performance throughout the year, while at the same time providing a good basis for companies to meet the 2023 year-round growth target, which is expected to be achieved without risk.
The series of wines continues to work, and the Maotai wine production is further released. In the series of wines, the kiosks have been made up of kowtow star products with a price belt of 1,000 yuan. They have been marketed since they came online, and it is expected that the 2023 harvest will double and hit 10 billion class singles.
The new 6,400 tons of capacity will be released in 2023, and sales of the series are expected to double. Based on the company ' s volume of base alcohol in 2018 and 2019, the company ' s performance in 2023 was re-innovated and its product and channel structure upgraded optimally.
At the beginning of 2023, the company began to build its own online channels, with a direct income growth line, the "Standwind Digital World" , which created the first cultural product, the "Stand-Stand-Stand-Stand-Stand" , which was a 24-barrel of alcohol.
The spring series of six products has been launched, and the summer, autumn and winter series will be on the line.
On this basis, it is assumed that in 2023, about 580 tons will be spent on gas-tight liquor products. The world is still in the early stages, and the future is expected to be an important “i-town” for growth in performance, and online channels are growing.
The first year of online operations, more than 37 million users and $20 billion worth of sales. The registered users of only 202,301 "i huts" add more than 7 million new users, assuming a consistent sales ratio, and are expected to contribute significantly. As an important platform for online sales, the "i huts" will follow.
The combination of marketing practices has proved to be effective and has continued to deepen marketing transformations. Companies have been successful in active marketing, digital marketing, cultural marketing, brand marketing, and service marketing, and will continue to deepen marketing in the future.
Transformation, 2023, with a focus on digital marketing, cultural marketing and service marketing. Profit predictions and investment proposals: companies perform brightly, perform better than expected, do well now open doors, show strong corporate power, and the deep moat is firm in firm growth certainty.
Big support. The company's 23-year collection guidelines target an increase of about 15% in the same year, and we judge the company's risk factors: macroeconomic downside risk, direct marketing less than expected risk, recurring risk of the epidemic,