On 25 April 2023, Maotai, Guizhou, published a quarterly report for 2023.
Quarterly reports slightly exceeded expectations, with a year-round performance of $38.756 billion (up 20.00 per cent) in operating income from 2023q1, net profit from the mother  continued release of a series of liquors, and higher revenue from direct distribution channels
By product, 2,023q1 wines received $38,736 million (20 per cent more), of which 33,722/50.14 million each was collected in the Mautai/Series, and 4.9 billion in the "i huts" camp. For the subregion, 2023q1 is collected in the domestic/foreign sector.
380.78.658 million yuan, with 2,188 dealers in total, and successful admissions, 2023 continued in 2023.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, expansion of production capacity less than expected, growth of direct growth less than anticipated, and company strength. 2023-01-  Food and Beverage Group presentation
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.