In the first quarter of 2023, the company released its primary business data for the first quarter of 2023.
In the quarter, the company achieved a gross operating income of about $39.16 billion, an increase of about 18% in the same year; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was about $20.52 billion, an increase of around 19% in the same year.
After the epidemic was fully liberalized, during the spring of 23 years, the market was well sold and stock was good. In addition to Flying Heaven's strong social and financial attributes are expected to guarantee the company's performance, non-standard and series of alcohol are expected to contribute to its performance.
The first quarter, April 14, 2023, provided a solid basis for the company’s 23-year business goals.
Products and channels are optimized, companies tend to move up. By category, the company continues to expand its series of wine layouts and optimizes the structure of the series of wines as it closes to the same level.
Different channels. Companies continue to reform their channels, optimise their distribution structure, and vigorously develop their direct lines of business. With the successful operation of the front-line i-pot, the down-line companies continue to increase the layout of their direct shops, and it is expected that the development of direct channels will provide a flexible contribution to the performance of the company.
The company currently produces 56,000 tons of wine. If the project is successfully completed, the production of wine will be able to grow again, and the production of alcohol will be close to 76,000 tons, which will lead to growth in the company’s performance.
At the same time, the company's two-wheel-drive strategy is clear, the channel structure continues to be optimized, and i-pot is expected to increase the company's performance.
And it is expected that output will release less than expected, macroeconomic impact, etc. “positive” investors will be fit only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” levels, and “radical” investors will be fit to use our divisions.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a professional manner and with due diligence, and with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it to issue them.