• The product system is steadily improving and channel innovation is working well
End of product: 1) The company has set itself the principle of positioning, strategizing, modelling, pricing, numeracy, setting the scene, building a series of hundreds of billions of monolithics and honours, a series of rares, a series of fines, a series of four classic series, which will remain in four series in the future.
New products for the core and increased promotion of cultural alcohol, such as 24 gas, are produced. 2) Pow wine is valued by the four main elements of the product, channel, technology, culture, and will continue to adhere to the principles of marketization and legality and create more value on its own initiative. 3)
One hundred and thirty-one million-bit monolithic pedals, currently in circulation at around $1200-1300, are sold better than expected, with stocks remaining below 20%, and 10 billion targets are expected to be reached this year.
To date, the number of people registered on the i-pot is over 40 million, and the cumulative sales amount is over $23 billion, becoming a phenomenon-level app. 2) The company currently has over 100 international channels to satisfy the strategy of differentiated products, price strategies and cultural diffusion.
The internationalisation of diverse needs has accelerated the distribution of access to the sea. The year-round target has been met, with an industrial fund to assist industry in the development of about 300,000 tons of raw materials in stock and new production capacity after the completion of the 14th Technological Change Project.
There are an estimated 1980,000 tons of raw materials and a strong supply of alcohol. 2) The 5-percent marketing system continues, upgrading 1363 third-generation puppies and building 10 puppies of cultural experience. 3) The channels are constantly being optimized.
“Kotai, Guizhou” (600519). Performance of a small amount of RMB 1 billion is expected to contribute to the development of the industry by improving the efficiency of the use of funds, based on the principles of value creativity, legal compliance, feasibility, soundness and marketization.
A successful winding-down, 2023: The macroeconomic downside risks, less than expected expansion of production capacity, less than expected growth in direct growth, less than expected in the reform process, faster price hikes, and so on.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short- to medium-term potential, a share of thinking about white wine plates, deep-seated thinking and insight into the Su wine, Ho Ho, Bachelor of Law, University of Shandong, and Master of Arts, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, for dual master of law, economics and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting professional consultants, as necessary, on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other aspects.