Guozhou Mao Dai (600519.sz)
1q opened the door on schedule, boosting confidence throughout the year. 1q performed well beyond the 15% growth target set at the beginning of the year, achieving a 52.8% net interest rate, an increase of 0.8 percentage points from the previous year.
With income of $5.01 billion, an increase of 46.3 per cent over the same year, high-growth material is driven mainly by the production of a low-rise of 1935, with an estimated income of nearly 3 billion in the 10 huts, which are now the backbone of a series of liquors, with an expected annual impact of 10 billion and an improvement in the structure of a series of alcohol products.
“i-tao” has triggered a digital transformation, and direct distribution channels have continued to grow at a high rate. Since the start-up operation last March 31st, “i-tao” has become a breakthrough point in the digital transformation of companies. As of March 19, 31 provincial districts of the country had 1900 shops offering offline delivery services.
The combination of products was driven by a direct sales income of $17.81 billion in the reporting period, an increase of 63.6 per cent over the same period, and a direct sales share ratio, which gave a strong boost to performance growth.
At the beginning of the year, the company, by approximating on-line the digital world, launched a twenty-four gas-producing institutional investor as a share of the circulation a, and, at the same time as reaching out to young consumers, the folk tradition was used to further elevate the poo culture.
Increased operational efficiency and improved cost effectiveness. Cost rates decreased by 1.06 percentage points to 6.02 percentage points over the same period. Of this, management cost rates decreased by 1.32 percentage points over the same period. We believe that the management efficiency of the main beneficiary companies improved; and the remaining cost rates were generally stable and cost-effective.
This is an increase of 0.32 percentage points, mainly influenced by the promotion of a series of wines and gas-conservatives, financial cost rates, the recent strengthening of the price plate, the certainty of subsequent performance, and the return of the plate offers a layout opportunity to sustain the "buy-in" investment proposal.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.