On 13 June 2023, Maotai, Guizhou, was summoned in the town of Maotai, in the province of Guzhou.
Sonss@cfsc.com.cn holds the Shareholders Assembly in 2022.
At the corporate level, Mao Dai is based on aesthetic principles, following the logic of eco-sustainable development, with three main characteristics: diversity, system, and balance.
The green line focuses on green, quality ecology and natural ecology. 3) White line growth forces, technology-driven material system research has generated 6,000 molecules and bacterial research.
1946 micro-bacterial communities; digitally driven i-potain, digital marketing and industry industry Internet; transformative power; open power. 4) Purple-focused culture, inclusive of beautiful eco-cultural and community ecology. 5) Red-line focus on safety, including security.
Production systems and risk-control systems. Biochemical layout of products, full-scale construction of channels. Product area: 1) Super-high-end market share is nearly 90%, with 1,000 yuan in prices.
193.5 billion singles, sub-high-priced and clothed han sauce, medium-priced and decorated wines to complete eco-systematic layouts with more accurate consumer groups and demand. 2) Incremental price reforms, most products complete price increases. 3) R & D promotes product products.
Qualitative upgrading and branding, currently 3.7 million users, living half a million a day.
The direct camp system and group purchase operations are arranged at end c. to form the industry at end b, end co-ordinated with one another and shared with the consumer. 1) Active layout of direct channels 2, " Kotau, Guizhou (600519) " : short performance
(b) Traditional and modern channels, such as super-sellers, malls, etc., with access to modern businesses such as the community, cartons, etc., 3, " Guozhou Mau (600519) " : excellent performance.
Business systems. 3) iPhones work with traditional power channels. Macroeconomic downside risks, output expansion less than expected, direct growth less than expected, reform processes less than expected, and batch prices up fast.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short- to medium-term potential, a share of thinking about white wine plates, deep-seated thinking and insight into the Su wine, Ho Ho, Bachelor of Law, University of Shandong, and Master of Arts, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, for dual master of law, economics and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.