In 2022, the Shareholders Conference commented: "Let's make the beauty work, keep it steady."
Development trends, price-marketing systems, product innovation, development goals, R & D inputs and international thinking, with the following feedback:
The Director further upgraded the five-line development path to a five-line ecological system, using aesthetics as an enterprise, Philosophy, Ecology as a corporate development logic.
Qualitative and natural ecology is the focus of the Green Line, which focuses on “green”, and on “dynamics”.
The market value of the circulationa shares (100 through science and technology, digitization, reform and openness to create a system of drivers for sustainable development, now; the purple line focuses on “culture”, building a beautiful cultural and community ecology; the red line focuses on “safe.”
To create a safe environment for the United States, including safe production systems, environmental governance systems, and risk-control systems. The company will use the “Five Lines” to promote more stable, sustainable and long-term development through a combination of aesthetics and the construction of a whole range of ecological systems.
Net assets per share ($,lf) — open dialogue, releasing positive signals. 1) Industry development: White wine industry is long-cycle, sustainable asset-liability ratio (%,lf)
Development of industry, companies have been successful in setting up price bands between $2 million and $200,000, and consumer portraits have become more accurate. 2) Product increases: the essential properties of the macho wine are commodity properties, flying prices are determined by a variety of factors, such as the market, supply and demand, science, and companies believe in marketization and the rule of law.
The circulation of shares (million shares) has been consolidated in the hope that, through different strategies, it will eventually be possible to return to the value creation and shareholder value of the company.
Diversified, all-round layout outlets, traditional supermarkets, new retail outlets, electricity vendors, etc., with "Kotai, Guizhou (60519) " : 23 years, 1 season, with the entire direct system and group buying operation end c, self-organizing b-, c-side-to-end co-operating.
As of June 12, Idho reported that the best balance had been found in the business of co-serving consumers.
Half a million people live a day, with 2.1 billion yuan in revenue. (4) The internationalization plan is clear: 23 years is the year of internationalization, 23 years is the year of strategic deployment, 23 years is the year of exploration, deployment of new channels and products, and 25 years is the year of effort.
The internationalization path, with toolboxes of management, talent, finance, etc., the management team sets out the world’s best targets and internationalizes the path. To run the data points: slightly higher performance than the city.
It is expected that there will be sufficient development of kinetic energy. • Profit forecasting and investment rating: Firm year-round growth goals and sufficient development of dynamic energy. We, Wutung Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, have a portfolio investment advisory.