Guizhou Maotai (600519): Quarterly performance, open doors, high-quality development.
Incident: The company issued a public announcement of its main business data for the first quarter of 2023, and 23q1 became operational.
Right, 19% more than the same year. Supermarket expectations for performance. Production and marketing, the dominant product, the Guozhou Maup, is our big song, the nose and typical representative of the soy sauce white wine, and green food.
The value of non-specific products has contributed significantly to performance. For 22 years, sales of 37.9 million tons of wine were made, i.e. 4.52 per cent longer and 10.38 per cent higher in tonnage. The increase in the price of bottled wine was mainly due to the direct share of Piti.
As a result of the continued upswing of non-labeled products and the change in the way non-labeled products are financed. 2023q1 non-labeled products continue to be released, with the introduction of a new 24-barrel bottle, while increasing the number of non-target products such as rabbits and fine products.
The direct-camp ratio continues to rise, and the revenue contribution of the i-pot is clear. In 2022, the company achieved direct sales revenue, reporting that as of 30 March, the i-pot registered users had accumulated more than 37.92 million people and accumulated sales.
Nearly $21 billion. Crucially, sales of 2023q1 “i huts” exceed $9 billion, with a quarterly performance of “open door” for revenue, and the company’s growth activity is constant. The company discloses 23 years of business activity in its annual report.
The company’s 6.400-ton series of alcohol products will be ready for production in November 2022, and the actual capacity will be released in 2023, which will underpin the long-term development of the series. Investment proposal: As the company further optimizes the channel structure, the product structure of the mahogany and the series will continue.
Total stock/flowa shares (millions) are upgraded, and corporate performance is more certain.
The growth is continuing, and with the gradual expansion of the production capacity, it is expected that the market in the high-end liquor market will increase further.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Mudtai, Guizhou (600519): Quarterly performance is open and high-quality development continues.
An analysis of your own research views.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.