Events: After preliminary accounting by the company, 23q1 achieved gross operating income of about $39.16 billion, an increase of 18% over the previous year, and set the tone for the year. The 23q1 growth was better than planned by the company for 15% of the year, and we believe that the year's target is expected to be met with a high-quality start.
Cable, 23q1 achieves more than 5 billion non-tax sales, re-innovation is high, of which 1935 release rings have more than doubled, consistent with the company's target of 10 billion singles, despite the increase in unvalued contributions during the year of the batch and the company's investment of 24 bottles of alcohol on the windfall app.
The prices are expected to increase further. The channels are stable, and the company’s control over the price continues to increase.
As the share of direct sales progresses beyond 40%, we believe that companies’ ability to manage prices is steadily improving, and that greater control over the balance of supply and demand contributes to stable market development.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: As product structure upgrading, channel restructuring, and multiple expansion efforts move forward, companies are expected to further accelerate the achievement of the 14th “double” strategic goal. I won, maintaining the “buy-in” rating of companies.
Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; technology improvement projects are not moving as fast as expected \triangleright Guozhou hut (600519).
Kodak, Guizhou (600519), Iron Industry Week, Kodak, Guibang (600519), Boots falling, Sindha Securities Inc.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Li Qingfeng, Master of Arts, Graduated from the Central University of Finance and Finance, two years of experience in food and beverage research, two years of experience in bond research. Coverage of pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, multi-task cooks, high-end foods), spices (in-depth study of Angel yeasts, familiar with seafood, milleniums, mackerel-fried foods, Qinghai International).
Qui Li, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, followed by two years of study and operation at the breast-breeding giant Saputo, one year of experience in food and beverage research.
Zhang Wei-hyun has graduated from Wuhan Polytechnic, two years in law, economics, two years in the financial sector, then entered the White Wine industry, 13 years in first-line sales in the Cedars, Dukang, and Shedd, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive view of the trends in the White Liquor industry.
Dom, a bachelor's degree in engineering at the Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of experience in the fast-density industry, 10 years of experience in first-line sales of white wine, has a unique insight into high-end white wine. He's good at driving the future market for alcohol based on available data and market moves.
Wang Xueqing, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering beer (deeply studying Chinese beer, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer), water, and beverages. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.