q1 has opened doors, improved performance, summary evaluation report of Kuo Dai (600519) incident: 16 April, company major business data bulletin for the first quarter of 2023, company gross operating income
In terms of products, q1 non-target products are expected to be higher, new products (rabbits, gas-savings, 1935) are expected to be on the line and increase the increase.
On-line, the rabbits have increased their investment in Xiaotao station, new gas-saving products, and 1935 have increased in direct viewing; on the side of the distributors, there has been a slight increase in the price of the fly-by station, a slightly higher trend than in previous years, with stocks expected to be around two weeks, with the distributors paying 35-40% left right, the quota 1935 has increased significantly, and the channel is generally healthy.
Looking back at 2022, i-potaby contributed the core increment, with the tonnage being the main driver. (1) i-potain contributed the main increment. Benefiting from the increase in i-potabysis (which contributed an annual income increase of nearly 70%), high unit prices (non-standard, 1935) and straight-up Piti, the recovery rate and profitability were higher than last year and exceeded the growth target of 15% at the beginning of the year. (2) tonnage is the main driver.
Ten thousand yuan per ton (+13.73 per cent). Price increases are the main driver as a result of the increase in non-specimization and the acceleration of direct camping. 1 parchment: valuables, drops in non-specify direct camp channels, acceleration of camping, prompting a rapid increase in ton prices. 2 series of wines: 159.39 billion (+26.55 per cent compared to 12.50 per cent) were collected in 2022 at the liquor camp, resulting in sales of 30.3 million tons (+0.32 per cent).
The sum of 52.65 million yuan per ton (+26.14 per cent) is the main reason for the price of the boost series of wines at the base of 1935 (in addition, 1. At the base of Guizhou (600519), the company's depth was raised in early 2022 by the Royal Prince of Mautai's Gold and Salmon.
Guozhou Maotai (600519): Company depth >Vision: Products can continue to be released through channels, short-term availability is sufficient, long-term objectives are robust (Next report): White wine giants, sea-drying skyscrapers
(1) Products continue to be released through channels. 1 at the end of the product, 1935 doses of fresh wine were released last year, 24 gas products were released. 3. Suburbs in Guizhou (600519).
Report (last full edition): Steady travel, cautious release, space still large, straight-line, poo-top 1935 will continue to drive up the ton price, and, at the same time, high prices, big white wines, big sea ice.
On the other hand, the direct shop layout is expanding in Suzhou, Ningbo, etc., and it is expected that the main base in Guizhou (600519.sh): a further increase in the direct shop contribution is expected. In the next few days, it is expected to increase further overall profitability.
In addition, the fourteenth five-year plan for the economic and social development of the citizens of the city and the vision for the next twenty-three years are just ahead of schedule.
The policy supports the stability of Maotai’s performance. The investment proposal is that, in a context of excellent industry patterns, clear corporate leadership, strong dominance of the main industry, and fast growth of the second curve (synchronous) we look forward to a long-term improvement in the company’s future performance as the direct-account ratio continues to rise.
Table 1 Coyopa ' s income by product and channel, same rate of increase and Māori rate, shows the company ' s revenue, sales, ton price of white wine, 32018-2022, using data information on legal compliance, careful presentation of research findings, and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.