In the first quarter of 2023, companies achieved a gross operating income of 39.379 billion yuan, an increase of 18.66 per cent over the previous quarter;
The direct sales channel earns 17.807 billion yuan, +63.56 per cent, and the direct sales revenue accounts for +12.25 pct to 45.97 per cent, of which i-tao earns $4.903 million, the main contributor (upline 3.31 last year), and this year the i-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-fives of the i-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-fives.
We believe that, in addition to making a greater contribution to revenue, the company is moving towards greater control over the channel. With the pressure of price fluctuations caused by non-standard and low-volume 1935, we are experiencing the pressure of price fluctuations.
In the first quarter, Maotai earned $33.722 billion, compared to +16.85% and 87.06%; and the series earned $5.014 billion, corresponding to the same amount.
Upwards, the company continued to achieve steady growth in the supply and direct sales of the non-suppliers, while the station, 1935, continued to lead to a strong growth in the series. With the first quarter of 1935, its price performance fluctuated slightly, but since the second quarter, it has slowed down on the i-suppliers.
We believe that the company is setting up a new architecture for Takeoff Days, Fine Goods, Valiums, Precious Goods to gradually lead consumers to upgrade to high-value products, and that for the series of wine, the company is passing through the base of 1935 to a thousand-dollar mark to fill the price gap, and continues to nurture the consumer.
The cost rate continues to shrink and profitability increases further. In one quarter, the company ' s Māori ratio was higher than the ratio +0.22 pc (600519); it was higher than expected.
Guizhou Mautai (600519): Multi-Efficacy, Guizhou Mautai (600519): Iron Industry Week \triangleright
Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; technology transformation projects are not as advanced as expected
In Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in the 9th House of the City Street, building No. 1, the food and beverages team was formed, whose members were trained mainly by senior industrialists and leading schools.
Pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, lasagna chefs, stubble foods), spices (in-depth study of Angel yeasts, familiarization with seafood, millet foods, stubby foods, seafood international), and Lélié, Master of Financial Science, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics of Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
To cover recreational foods (in-depth study of odious foods, weekly black ducks, brilliant, refined foods, saline shops, glycerine foods, ginseng foods), and white wine in Anhui region (known as Guai Goon, glorified wine, golden seed wine), Zhao Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Liquor (in-depth study of Guo Dai, 5 grain fluids, Jinzhou cellar, Shanxi wine, tea industry, alcoholic wine, water wells, ocean river shares, present-day fate, sauce plate blocks), Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, followed by 2 years of beauty in breast milk
Capt. Saputo is engaged in research and development, with a one-year experience in food and beverage research.
For 13 years, the industry has done first-line sales in the Penang cellar, Dukang, and the Shelde liquor industry, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive understanding of the trends in the white wine industry, particularly in analysing the competitive patterns of sub-high-end alcohol companies.
Tang Jing, B.A., 15 years of experience in the fast-discharge industry, 10 years of experience in first-line sales of white wine, has an insight into high-end white wine. He's good at promoting the future market for alcohol based on available data and market moves.
The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sinda Securities”) has the CSRC-resumed qualification for portfolio investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.