Food and beverages in Maotai, Guizhou (600519) Exceeded performance of 23q1 and led the industry up to the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: The company released primary business data for the first quarter of 2023, with preliminary accounting that 2023q1 achieved a gross operating income of about $39.16 billion, an increase of about 18 per cent over the same period; achieved a net return profit of $20.52 billion.
In the spring, the spirit of white wine consumption was strong, the feasts and gifts were booming, the company’s core products were on the market, and it was expected to grow faster, generating revenues and profits. The company’s high-quality growth was mainly due to the optimization of the product structure, the rapid release of 1935, and the increased investment of the i-pots, to name a few.
See: (a) The projected increase in the volume of 23q1 mahogany is equal to the increase in the number of digits, with the incremental quota being invested in non-target products with higher tonnage prices, such as fine products, rawshaws, gas-conservatives, leading to a sustained increase in overall tonnage; (b) steady recovery in the consumption of soy sauce and wine during spring festivals; (c) sharp and rapid growth in the competitiveness of the series of wines; (c) strong branding of the matai 1935; and higher profit on the channel.
Other 1,000-dollar-priced competitions, fast-disbursing and faster growth of the series of alcohol;3 and companies continue to push the pipeline, flattening the reform, with an expected significant increase in the I-Koptag app contribution and a rising share of direct sales, leading to a strong and deeper reform achievement and a positive expansion of production over a long period of time. 1,2023 will continue with the "Step Step" change.
The developmental tone of the GDR, the “Five Lines of Marketing” and the “Five Lines of Development” have been mutually reinforcing and are growing stronger; the company launched in 2023 twenty-four new products, such as wines and teas, to fill the price slots and to fully meet the needs of consumers at all levels, through a variety of specifications and multi-priced products.
The product matrix is constantly being refined: 3; the company plans to invest $7.11 billion in 23 years for capacity expansion, production planning is proceeding in sequence, and the medium- and long-term development space is opening up and becoming clear; 4 and the concept of corporate development is being optimized, and the previous period has been characterized by a proliferation of dividends and shareholders, highlighting a new paradigm of high-quality state entrepreneurship.
A high-quality opening is expected to lead the industry upwards. 1 - As industry's dynasty needles, firm prices are stable, stock is good, a quarter is a good start, supermarket expectations are high, and in the crucial year of economic recovery, the company will stay steady in the overall tone of its work, and in the “Five Lines” and “Five Lines”
Under the direction of the Development Path, the reform of the product and channel system continues to deepen, with sufficient high-quality growth surpluses.3 In the context of the ongoing reform of companies, channels and product structures have become more balanced, with medium- and long-term quantitative strategies well developed.
The movement continued to fall, with a long line of activity and a “buy-in” rating maintained. 1. Guozhou hut (600519): successful discharge in 22 years and 23 years forward (2023-04-02).
3. Maotai, Guizhou (600519). Direct sales channels continue to be used, and Noone will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.