A small increase in sales, good autonomy, joint-venture diversification and a small increase in sales in August, resulting in a decrease in production of 4.5873 million vehicles in August, an increase of 6.90 per cent over the same period, and a cumulative sale of vehicles in January-August
Growth in August was expected, with the same increase in September being challenged, and the upper-mortality group’s car sales increased by the same time in August, largely in line with expectations. Multiply, in the second half of the year, they were affected by a fall in tariffs, a fall in new energy subsidies, and uncertain economic expectations.
The situation in the car market is not encouraging. The Federation announced 1.73 million cars in August, an increase of 7.4% compared to the previous month, and, against this background, the upper-mortality group sales continued to grow in a positive and hard-won way, reflecting a product advantage and a leader advantage.
The lower output of the upper-gas group in August compared to the lower output in August is evidence of the weakness of the expected sales. Generally speaking, the month of September to January is the year in which the sale of motor vehicles is going to take place, and, given the high base of the same period, the year in which the volume of car sales remained at the same pressure as the year in progress, it is uncertain whether negative growth in the industry will narrow.
Autonomous brands are well developed, and the product structure continues to improve. 50,000 vehicles were sold in August, an increase of 22.85 per cent over the same period, which is much better than the 12 per cent increase announced by the Federation. In January-August, 45.7 million vehicles were sold cumulatively.
A car, 46.82% more than the previous year. A car with two brands of glory, mg with two self-owned brands, compared to the upper gas group (6001040): sales of the same volume, ring lead, approximately 2:1; the best three cars sold are Rex 5, mgzs, mg6, or about 1 per cent.
By 30%, 15%, and 15%. The upper end of the Mghs and pure electric products that are about to be marketed continues to grow, making the product more well-structured and more competitive with brands.
There has been a steady rise in Germany and the US has continued to be depressed in August, with 156,000 vehicles on the upper joint venture brand and 15.86 million in general sales, an increase of 2.7 per cent and 3.81 per cent, respectively.
The US joint venture has not arrived, and growth is on the rise. As of August, up-scaling has been declining for four months, mainly because of a significant reduction in Buick sales, which account for more than half of the Buick sales, and three cylinders of engine sales. Chevran and Cadillac are still in place.
In Germany, the performance is stable, and it is expected to continue to make a profit. Popular-Audi brands have good slogans and user bases in the country, large crowds in cars, and pasat sales are sustained over time.
In the front row, the viewer runs a joint venture, suv, and the plug-in hybrid tour I. Small business, large-scale, and management capability, 3610 vehicles were sold in August, an increase of 61.65 per cent over the previous year.
The commercial car business has a very low share of revenue, and the commercial car market is not designed to generate a significant increase in profits, but it is important to explore other areas of automobiles. The upper red rock enhances technological development, actively expands markets, expands production capacity, and achieves better growth, reflecting the upper pool.
The mission’s management not only captures the whole picture, but is also nuanced and ground-breaking. The autonomous brand market is not as open as expected; the price of raw materials is rising.