Performance growth was slightly higher than expected, with a firm new quadrupling: on August 31, 2018, the Upper Gas Group issued its semi-annual report for 2018. In the first half of 2018, the company achieved income of $4.648.85 billion, an increase of 17.2 per cent.
In the first half of 2018, the company achieved a total of 3,523,000 vehicles, an increase of 11 per cent compared to the previous year, almost three times the average market rate. The industrial advantage was evident. The company sold 3,081,000 vehicles by car, an increase of 11.7 per cent compared to the previous year, commercial car sales, of 4.42 million, an increase of 6.3 per cent compared with the previous year.
Autonomy continues its strong rise, and joint ventures are growing steadily. Automobiles sold for 359,000 vehicles in the first half of the year, an increase of 53.7 per cent compared to the same year, with the country’s owner, \triangleright, running in a car. Automobile sales are more than 40 per cent, and new energy vehicles are selling more than 10,000 per month.
Over 1 million research assistants, ranked first in the country in terms of uplift mass sales, and the share of uplift general-use vehicle sales increased by 10.4% on a year-on-year basis, while the joint venture portfolio continued to grow steadily.
A new smart network, the suvmarvelx model, a new vehicle with autonomous parking functions and a zebra smart bank system of 3.0, is officially in the industrial window. The company is active in setting up a new four-fold layout and reserves new space for future growth, laying a solid foundation for the company’s long-term development.
Profit forecasting and rating: Autonomous business continues its strong rise and product structure optimizes joint venture contributions. We expect the company to earn \triangleright mature car company for the period 2018-2020, with mature leaders showing growth potential, and we maintain the company's “growth” rating.
Risk factors: significant downside risks in the automobile market; less advanced emerging business than expected; more than anticipated risks in industrial policy changes. \triangleright Sindh Securities Inc.
Itd is published in famous European-American journals, such as those published in Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, City Street, 9th Hall, 9th Street, offuresmarkets, reportofportfoliomanage, journalftraining, etc.
The report is produced and published by the CVM. The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVS and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. The report is available only to specific customers mentioned above.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.