The growth rate of production and sales slowed, largely in line with expectations The reasons for the report are that production and sales data points are being evaluated at a slower rate in August than in August, and that corporate sales are expected to continue to grow at a faster rate than industry.
\triangleright, based on August 2018 sales data disclosed by the company, increases in production and sales were lower than in the previous month. Given the higher base of production and sales in August 2017, some of the manufacturers' vacations and sales are on the run.
According to market data, on 7 September 2018, there were thousands of vehicles, 14.5 per cent less than in the same period last year, despite an improvement in traffic sales at the end of the month.
The upper-mortality group’s single-month vehicle sales have increased by the same amount, and the company’s monthly sales are expected to continue at a higher rate than the industry’s. The upper-mortality population has performed well, and the upper-air passenger cars have grown at a higher rate.
Market value of the share in circulation (billions): With the upturn in the sales of new vehicles such as Kermik, Cordück and others, it is possible to drive up the public sales.
I would like to add. 2) Upper general use is partially sold on three-cylinder engines, which is not as high as expected, and Cadillac xt4 was listed at the end of August, which is expected to bring a certain increase in the general use; 3) upper gas is sold in cars in August 2018 at 50 million vehicles, an increase of 22.96 per cent over the previous year, with accumulated sales.
Four hundred and fifty-seven thousand vehicles, an increase of 46.82 per cent over the same year. Although the market as a whole has been depressed and sales have slowed at the same rate, sales have continued to grow at a high rate, largely in line with expectations, benefiting from the continued release of high-quality cars in the title and glory sectors.
28th floor of ITC, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
There is a risk that the automobile industry will be less favourable than expected and that macroeconomic expectations will be lower: automobile sales will not be as high as the securities or investment targets issued by the listed companies referred to in this report may be held or traded by the company or its associated institutions, if legally permitted, and there may be a slowdown in the investment banks or the same ratio of production and sales for these companies, which is expected to remain ahead of the industry.
In August 2018, the Upper Gas Group produced 487,000 vehicles, a decrease of 10.78 per cent, a decrease of 1.94 per cent, the sales of 52.84 million vehicles, an increase of 0.33 per cent and a decrease of 12.69 per cent. In January-August 2018, the Upper Gas Group cumulatively produced 4.5873 million vehicles, an increase of 6.90 per cent,
The cumulative rate of increase in production as compared to the previous month was 9.05%, taking into account the higher base of production in August 2017, and the fact that some of the manufacturers ' vacations and sales peaked during the month of August 2017 have performed poorly in the cycling market, which is influenced by multiple factors such as consumption demand being squeezed.
On 1 August and 24 August 2018, the cumulative sale of 6.1 million vehicles was 14.5 per cent lower than the same period last year. According to the statistics of one-week sales, there was an improvement in the sales of vehicles at the end of the month, but the rate is likely to be higher from a full month ' s point of view.
Sliding. The upper-mortality group has a slight increase in vehicle sales over the same month, and the company is expected to increase its monthly sales at a higher rate than the industry figure 5: the upper-mortality group ' s cumulative vehicle production (%, 10,000) figure 6: the company ' s and industry ' s cumulative output compared to the same rate (%)
Figure 7: Cumulative sales of upper-mortality vehicles (%, 10,000) 2. Upper-mortality public performance is stable, upper-mortality vehicle growth is high, and the output of upper-mortality-mortality companies varies considerably by subsidiary calibre, with the following:
1) In August, 15.6 million vehicles were sold by the upper-air mass (up-air mass car company, Inc.) at 2.70 per cent, a significant slowdown over the previous month, with a cumulative sales of 1328.7 million vehicles, or 5.96 per cent. The overall performance was stable as Kermik, who benefited from the branding effect and the gradual roll-out of the new model.
The upswing of new-listed vehicles, such as Cordück, is expected to lead to an upscaling of public sales. 2) In August, 15,860,000 vehicles were sold in general-purpose vehicles (uploaded general automobiles, Inc.), a decrease of 3.81 per cent, a steady increase; the cumulative sales of 125,170,000, a rise in the same rate.
And it's going down to 6.50%. Upper generality is being sold at a lower rate than expected, with the same speed of sales being affected, and Cadillac xxt 4 is on the market at the end of August, with the hope of bringing a certain increase in upper generality.
Tens of thousands, an increase of 22.96 per cent over the same year, and a cumulative sales of 4571 million vehicles, an increase of 46.82 per cent over the same year. While the market as a whole has been depressed, and sales have slowed at an equal rate, sales have remained at high rates, largely in line with expectations, benefiting from the continued release of the high-quality model of the title and the honourable part of the vehicle.
The company ' s technological advantage as the leader of the motor vehicle industry is clear, brand sales are steadily increasing, and the city ' s share of the business has always been far ahead; on the other hand, the company ' s extensive car-type coverage, based on quadruple, joint ventures and autonomous progress, and positive domestic and overseas placements, provide a higher profile for the company.
The automotive sector is less favourable than expected; macroeconomics are less than expected; and automobile sales are less than expected.