The reasons for the report are: semi-annual reviews \triangleright
Monthly vehicle sales have increased at a rate equal to that of the market; (2) corporate vehicle sales have increased by 10.88 per cent to a total of 3.52 million vehicles per month, and the domestic automobile market has increased by 5.34 per cent to a total of 1.0665 million vehicles per month; and (3) fleet sales at the autonomous brand level have been rapid.
At the level of joint ventures, the public, the general public, the general public and the general public continue to dominate the domestic market: August 30, 2018, the car market, the autonomous joint venture co-opportunities, and the volume of sales.
As the engine of the car, the company, based on a high sales base, is selling better than the market, its share is steadily rising, and its share is expected to increase slightly as the industry becomes more concentrated. “New quadruple” is deepening, and the industrial chain is multi-dimensional.
Complete layout, in keeping with the overall trends of the industry, continues to deepen the “new quadruple layout” of “electrification, smart network integration, sharing, internationalization” which is conducive to the competitiveness of companies and provides higher performance elasticity for companies.
Competitiveness, expanding its technological advantages through sustained promotion of innovation in the core technology of the “three power” and the autonomous development of a completely new electric vehiclee structure, and increasing product coverage by adjusting the product structure, raising the safety margins of companies in competition in the relevant fields, the intellectual network connection, and the wind and gas.
The development of the smart driving decision controller, iescu, is in the rush phase, and the marvelx, which carries the "last-public" autonomous parking function, will be on the market in the second half of the year, and the public sector is expected to increase its edge in the area of smart cars as the size of the vehicle is released.
Performance is robust and the valuation is likely to be repaired. Looking back at the company’s valuation for the last three years, the company’s valuation is somewhat optimized continuously on the 28th floor of ITC a, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, and based on the logic of low valuation + excellence, the company’s valuation is likely to be repaired.
Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. \triangleright is at risk: the motor vehicle industry is not as good as expected and macroeconomics are not as good as expected.