Phillipcapital (600104.ch) with a steady increase in profitability and a strong sense of self-reliance.
In the first half of 2018, the company generated $4.648.52 billion, a 17.3 per cent increase in its revenues.
The company is expected to exceed its annual target, with a two-wheel drive of autonomous and joint brands. With a good growth of autonomous brands, a strong product cycle of joint brands, and a leading role for new emerging areas, we see a steady growth in corporate performance, with a high red rate that attracts dividends and sustains an increase in ratings. (As of 12 September, the price is still high.)
General stockholders (millions of shares): City hall (millions of yuan): 52 weeks of maximum/minimum price (million yuan):
The Upper Cartels' semi-annual report for 2018 showed that the revenue from the period was 46,48,52 million yuan, an increase of 17.3 per cent over the same period, and that the profit was 18,981 million yuan, an increase of 18,95 per cent over the same period, with an increase of 8.13 per cent, or 0.54 percentage points, or $1.625 per share.
Irregular interest items, such as the $918 million equity premium from Shanghai Motors Industries, deducting non-mortality revenues of $17,262 million, which is increasing by the same amount as the car company.
10.12% of the company’s medium-term performance is still on a satisfactory increase at a high base. The company’s Māori rate has risen steadily in the first half of the year, from 0.29 percentage points to 13.13% on the same year, while the second quarter’s research and development fees have been significantly flat and management rates have been largely flat, and the increase in interest spending on new borrowings has led to a significant increase in the cost of property by 535.3% and finance by 535.3%.
In the first half of the year, companies sold 3520 million vehicles, a 10.9 per cent increase over the 5.3 percentage point increase.
Moreover, in the first half of the year, the company managed to export and sell 130,000 vehicles overseas, 104% more than in the same year, continuing to be in the top position.
Overall, the difference between up-to-up/up-up-up-up-up-up-to-up-up-up-to-up-up-of-car/up-up-up-to-up-of-the-cissor-of-cissine-to-the-date car sales increased by 5.2 per cent/10.4 per cent and 53.7 per cent/3.8 per cent, reaching 102/96/36/10.5 million vehicles. Corporate cumulative sales in the first half of the year were 49 per cent of the year's target, with higher visibility for year-round over-achievement; and the second half of the year's autonomous brands and equity brands will still be launched.
New cars, driven by two wheels of autonomous and joint branding, are expected to exceed their annual targets. Autonomous brands are showing up for the first six months of the year, and sales are increasing (+53.7%) to the mainstream domestic car companies, with more than 40% of Internet car sales, and new energy sources are selling more than 10,000 stations in May.
The market outside Shanghai sells up to 60% of the new energy cars, and the market is more evenly distributed. In financial terms, the proprietorship is the first to realize the profits below the full calculus (including research fees) in the second quarter.
The rise in the price of the joint brand and the increase in the cost of the combined vehicle industry, which has been driven by the boom-bust cycle, have achieved a steady increase in both upper and upper gas usage, with higher efficiency gains resulting from the upwards of the top-helicopter fabric. In the first half of the year, there was an increase of 14.9 per cent in the revenue of the upper-carrying boom.
To 13,95 billion, clean profits rose by 17,7% to 15,447 million, benefiting from higher sales of high-end suv vehicles, and single-caring by billions. The price of the van has increased, with revenues rising by 4.7 to 51.5 billion, but a contribution of 2.06 billion. It is worth mentioning that the new energy vehicle domain, where companies were fully active in the first half of the year, was autonomous and co-financed in new energy products.
A total of 57,000 new-energy commercial vehicles and new-energy vehicles were sold, representing an increase of 275% over the same period, a strong market position, and a stronger medium- and high-end brand image. The “new quadrupling” strategy has accelerated.
The company is doing its best to start a new round of new energy power, the "3 by 3" core technology, which is starting to open up key chains like igbt, adas, 3 systems, high-precision electron maps of cars, V2x connectivity and intelligence, and driving decision control. In the second half of the year, the operational layout of the Marvelx model has been activated.
At the end of the year, we're going to be driving autonomous parking and zebra smartline 3.0 systems. Shared access, new energy sources on board, time-to-time rental services have entered 62 cities across the country, with 2.75 million members and more than 17 million car owners.
Thanks to a good growth in autonomous brands, a strong cycle of brand branding, and the leadership of the emerging field, the public sector is expected to grow steadily, while the company’s higher share of cash is expected to continue.
I don't know what to say, but I think it's a good idea.
philipresearchstocksectionssystems wedonotbaseourcommunicationsdirectlylyontheabovequantitattiverternbands. Weconsistententativefactorslike (butnotmited to) astock'sriskrewardprofil, marketsentation, recentrateofsharepriceationation, presenceorabsenceofstockpricedatalysts, and
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's going to do it.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
If you don't like it, you'll have to take care of it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
This publicity shouldn'tbelleduponauthoritative with unfurtherbeing subject toothericipit'sowninsideversionandexerciseof judgment.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, wouldappropriate.anydiscussionofotheriscontainhereinwithpetacttoanyproductsoouldnotcontonsideredtobeadisloscaureofallrissora completediscussionofsuchrisks.
I don't know what you're talking about, but it's not like I'm talking about it, but I'm talking about it, and it's like I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm thinking about it.
I don't know, responsibilityforanylossocacionsideplacedthecontensionshereof.pshk (oritsaffiliatesoremproyees)mayhasipositionsinrelvant 2018polippsecurities (longkong) limited from companynameinatingcoverage
It's the only thing that's going to happen to me.
philipcapitalmanagementsdnbhd philipsecuritiespted phillipsecuritiesjapan, ltd
250thbridgeroad, #06-00rafflescitytower, b-3-6blockblevel3, meganavenueii, 4-2nihonbashikabutocho, Chuo-ku
No.12, jalanyapkwanseng, 50450kualumpur indonesia china
India ptphillipsecuitsindonesia phillipfinancialadvisory (shanghai)co.ltd.
philipcapital (india) privatelemited anztøwerlevel23b, jljendsudirmankav33a, no.1, 18thbroor, urmiestate, 95ganpatraokadammarg,
Jakarta 10220, indonesia
Phillipsecurities (thailand) publicco.ltd. kking and shaxsoncapitalld. kking and shaxsonltd.
15thbroor, vorawatbuilding, 849 silomroad, 3rdbroor, 35ruedelabienfaisance 6thfloor, candlewickhouse, 120cannonstreet
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
philipcapitalaustralia ashaphillipsecuritieslimitted
Quevel12, 15williamstreet, level4, milleniumhouse, 46/58 navamwatha, the chicagoboardoftradebuilding
Melbourne, Victoria 3000, australia colombo2, Srilanka chicago, l606004usa
Longkong phillipsecurities(hk)ltd 11/fedcentre95queenswayhongkong