In the first half of the year, companies did not make profit distribution and capital pool transfers to increase equity.
The overall automobile market performance was weak, rising by only 3.7 per cent the same year, and the company managed to sell a total of 3,523,000 vehicles against the backdrop of a slowdown in the overall market, an increase of 10.9 per cent over the same period, far exceeding the average market growth rate.
General-purpose increases of 10.4 per cent over the same year, general-purpose Mitsubishi increases of 3.8 per cent, upper-air vehicle increases of 17.5 per cent over the same year, resulting in a 17.5 per cent increase in net profits and a significant contribution to corporate revenue and profits.
Mitsubishi's revenue grew by 4.7 per cent over the same period, and net profit fell 0.8 per cent over the same period.
The rate of growth reached 19 per cent, well above the industry average. Operating cash flows declined and investment in research and development increased, after taking into account the small scale. The cost for the company during the reporting period was 10.7 per cent, an increase of 0.1 percentage points over the same period, mainly due to operations during the period.
Development requires additional borrowing and increased interest payments. The net cash flow from corporate operations in the first half of the year was $33.05 billion, a 326 per cent decrease in the same year, mainly due to the increase in the size of automobile finance operations, which resulted in the increase in the size of the car consumption credit and the repurchase operations in the current period.
In the first half of the year, the company spent $6.17 billion on R & D, an increase of 30.8% over the same year, mainly due to increased investment in small car lights and watch and autonomous brand research and development. In the first half of the year, the M & A rate was 13.1%, an increase of 0.3% over the same year.
Point, with a significant recovery, is expected to accelerate the “new quadrupling” of high-end vehicle sales with a better structure. The company has now completed key technologies such as the “three power” core technology, the high-power fuel cell reactor, and so on.
In terms of intelligence, the company has developed an intelligent driver decision-maker, iescu, and has made surprises in such areas as high-precision maps, v2x communications.
Breaking up: In terms of sharing, Global Cars have entered 62 cities across the country, and car owners have opened 1,700 shops in 118 cities around the country. Meanwhile, the company has started a full-scale layout around travel-related financial services, ubi innovation insurance, Angie leasing, etc.
In terms of internationalization, the Thai base, the Indian base, and the Indonesian base are moving well, with the upper steam having achieved 12,000 full-car sales in Thailand in the first half of the year, and the mgzs being listed for four months as local market champions.
On August 30, the company's brand-new electric motor vehicle was officially listed, with two replacements, worth $26999,000 and $3088,000 respectively. The new car was loaded with the latest editions.
Many technology configurations such as the Ma Ji-Lib system, aipilot, anar enhancement of technology, and so on, can make the last company park autonomously, in shape, intelligent configuration and value for money, attractive, promising to become a car buster, and pushing consumers to buy pure on their own.
The layout continues, new-energy automobile sales are rising, and the company, as a leader, will benefit from increased market concentration against a background of low-speed growth in the domestic automobile industry.
The report is made by Chinese securities, which are used only by customers of Chinese securities. The company will not be treated as a customer by recipients of this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and views expressed in the report do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
An independent assessment shall be made, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc.