Stewardship Group: Since the incident: The Upper Gas Group announced the August 2018 Express, the company achieved 48.17 million and 52.84 million vehicles in August, respectively, a change of 10.8 per cent and a change of 52.84 per cent, respectively.
The Automobile and Spare Parts Industry Study Group, with its own performance, continues to explode. 50 million vehicles were sold in August, an increase of 23.0 per cent over the previous year, with a cumulative sales of 457,700 this year.
This was 46.8 per cent increase in the same year, and the number of vehicles sold in the same month was 0.92 million, a 7.6 per cent increase in the same year, and the cumulative volume sold in the current year was 83.2 million vehicles, a 30.5 per cent increase in the same year.
Growth drivers. The launch of Marvelx in September, which will create a “net-red-barrel model” and enter the market for luxury cars, is an important support for the upgrading of corporate products and raising the net profits of bicycles.
This year's cumulative sales of 1,328.6 million vehicles, or 6.0%, are a major driver of the growth in corporate performance. The current growth in mass sales is mainly due to new sales.
A small drop in sales, but it is still an important driver of corporate performance growth. The tight suv drive that will be on the market will improve the product of the popular suv.
Line distribution, resulting in distance, vision and travel distribution, is expected to climb up the slopes gradually after the market is added up, with a sustained short-term recovery, with an overall growth of 15,860,000 vehicles sold in August, a 3.8 per cent decrease compared to the previous year, with a cumulative sales of 1,527,000 vehicles, the same number.
It's a 6.5% increase. Upper gas is in the middle of a product replacement, with a certain impact on the volume of sales for three months, less than last year's same period, but with the heat of Chevrolet and Cadillac, it's part of the new product week.
In July and August 2018, there was a consistent decline in vehicle sales, a slowdown in industry growth, increased pressure on autonomous brands, increased competition, and a decline in the overall profitability of the industry. In the broader context of the slowdown in industry growth and the clean-up of production capacity, we believe that the advantage of upper gas as an absolute leader is significant, and that the well-developed product line layout drives the city.
There is a steady increase in the share of the field, a high performance and a high rate of dividends, and long-term certainty.
Figure 3: p/bband chart: Wang Fenghua: Master ' s degree at the People ' s University of China and currently President of the Associated Securities Institute. Joined the Associated Securities Institute in 2016, certificate number: s03005160001.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, and is distributed among the users.
The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the present report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party ' s approval or approval.