In 2018, the car market continued to divide, the leading share continued to rise, and the company became a joint venture.
As industry leaders, company performance, higher levels of certainty, lower valuations and higher dividends, are the preferred options for industry configuration. We expect companies to grow steadily in the first half of the year, with a q2 profit-growth ring rising.
Three hundred and twenty million vehicles, an increase of 10.9 per cent over the previous year, exceeded the industry rate by 5.3 percentage points.
A 12.9 per cent increase in the same year; a 90.5 per cent increase in the same year in the net return on the mother, and a $8.44 billion gain on the non-mother ' s share, a 12.4 per cent increase in the same year, and a higher increase in the profit rate than q1.
New vehicles such as rx8, marvelx, mghs, etc., add multi-suv products such as tharu, Skodakaroq/Kamiq to the general public, and additional products such as Bekkerayan, Caddyxt4. In 2019, new vehicles such as mpv, mghs plug-in, t-cross, etc.
There are two suvs each in General Buick and Chevyland. There are three new cars in Cadillac. The cycle of joint ventures and self-empowerment has been continued, the product layout has improved, and it is expected that the company’s performance will continue to grow.
Technology reserves and operations are well-placed, and long-term development is sustained. Companies are actively promoting “new quadrupling” strategies, electricization, and 57,000 vehicles sold in the first half of the year by autonomous and joint ventures for new energy sources.
With a 275% increase, the company has mastered the country’s leading three power core technology, which is already operational in the operational layout of the core components of the igbt, battery core and battery systems, and power-driven systems. On the smart side, the marvelx model will carry a “last kilometre” autonomous parking capability at the end of the year and take the lead.
At the market price of August 29, 2018, the company achieved a leading position in such key areas as smart brakes and diversions, adas intelligent perception systems, high-precision submersible maps of cars, v2x combined communications.
(a) The macroeconomic slowdown and the decline in sales and profit margins; and (b) the sharp rise in raw materials and labour costs.
The Upper Steam Group - The Upper Steam Audi breakthroughs, the development of luxury cars, the Up Steam Group - the May sales grew by almost 15%, industry integration, Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting operations