On 31 August 2018, the company released its semi-annual report for 2018, which enabled the company to operate during the reporting period
In addition to a steady increase in sales of the joint brand, the subsidiary Chinese automobile was completed in March this year.
Fifty percent of the equity acquisition in the Sea increased the return on investment in the consolidated statements, excluding net profits of $17,262 million, an increase of 10.12 percent, and remained robust.
As a result of this increase, the upper gas public received $139.5 billion (+14.9 per cent) and the net profit was $15.47 billion _aaa_the upper gas group (600104) a quarterly review report _aaaa_the upper gas group (600104)
(-0.84%). In addition to the rapid growth of the automobile finance business, the upper-air finance was raised by 80.1 wings of autonomous joint ventures, with a steady increase in the share of the capital market, and in a low-growth environment of 3.5% of the annual growth rate of sales in domestic cars.
On the joint venture side, there were 1,020 million mass sales, an increase of 5.2 per cent; 958,000 general sales, an increase of 10.4 per cent, a bright increase in the same year; and 1,051 million general sales, an increase in the same year.
3.80 per cent. On the autonomous side, there was a rapid increase in the sales of 359,000 vehicles in the upper car fleet, with 53.7 per cent of the increase in the same year. In general, the joint venture operated in two wings, with a total of 3,523,000 vehicles sold in the group as a whole, an increase of 11 per cent compared with that of the industry average, with a 24.2 per cent share in the domestic market.
Core technology leads the way, new quadruple accelerates the landing, companies actively take the lead on core technology, push for innovation in the New Energy Motors Three core technology, develop autonomously a completely new electric care structure, and start running the igbt, battery cores and power.
Operating layout of core components such as pool systems, power-drive systems. In smart network cars, leading cabs such as smart brakes and shifts, adas intelligent perception systems, cars with high-precision electronic maps, v2x combined communications, and Marvelx in the second half of the year.
The first zebra zebra zebra zebra 3.0 system will take the lead in achieving automatic parking capacity production, and the development of the driver of decision-making controller, iescu, will accordingly enter the sprinting phase. Against a background of low growth in domestic passenger cars, the development of autonomous joint ventures will continue.
In particular, the introduction of the joint venture public, the universal and powerful product cycle, the clear optimization of the structure, the emergence of an autonomous product, the continuous innovation of the “new quadrupling” core technology, the technology, brand advantage, and the maintenance of the “increasing” rating.
Automobile sales are below expectations, autonomous branding is below expectations.