Over the cycle, counter-exploitation, semi-annual review of the upper gas conglomerate (6001044).
Huang Soo Yo, in the first half of 2018, he achieved $464.852 billion, or +17.27 per cent, and a net return profit of 18.882 billion. Major participating companies became visible, with strong performance growth in the first half of the year.
Le Giangtao net cash flow of $17,479 million in operating activities, mainly due to the upper-air finance company ' s car-consumption loan, the same-year financial revenue of 20.86 per cent, the same-year net profit of 20.73 per cent, and the same-year upper-air Mitsubishi camp.
+4.7% net profit is equal -0.84%; upper-voltaic public revenue is equal to +14.85%, and net profit is a major increase in motor vehicle performance. Shares continue to expand in the context of a weak cycle, and new energy cars continue to be hot for sale.
The sale of 3,523,000 vehicles, i.e. + 11% of the same year, is close to three times the market ' s average rate of increase. The auto tags continue to be sold, with 359,000 vehicles on board for six months, i.e. 54% of the same year, with 40% of the Internet.
In the first six months of a joint venture, the public car sales were the highest in the country, the same year +5.2%, the same gas sales rate +10.41%, and the same van use +3.8%. In addition, companies expanded in reverse in the context of the domestic market in the first half of the year.
Business, core parts, like igbt, are actively laid out to create auto ecclesiastical circles. The annual stock logic. With this in mind, it is better to choose high dividends, higher growth certainty, high risk resistance, and a blue pool, with historical data showing a weak cycle setting.
The upper steam group (600104) event review: upper steam, Odys co-operation, new developments, upper gas group (600104) sales point in June.
Assessment: Joint ventures performed smoothly and self-sustainingly maintained a high level of autonomy, and the rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have either a qualification or a considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been informed independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.