The upper-mortality group (600104) cars are performing as expected.
• Summary of performance: the company published its semi-annual report in 2018, generating operating income of $464.85 billion, an increase of $1.6 billion, an increase of 10.1 per cent, the Maori rate of 13.1 per cent, the +0.3 pp, the net interest rate of 5.9 per cent, and the +0.2 pp.
In the first half of the year, 1,3999,000 vehicles were sold in the country as a whole (+3.7 per cent year-on-year increase-0.5 pp), of which 1,166.4 million vehicles (+3.5 per cent year-on-year) and 2.334 million commercial vehicles (+4.5 per cent year-on-year). The company performed well in the sales-leading industry, thanks to its strong product power and marketing strategy.
Of the 3,523,000 vehicles sold (year-on-year +11 per cent), 3,081,000 were used (year-on-year +11.7 per cent), 442,000 were used by commercial vehicles (year-on-year +6.3 per cent), 1.2 pp to 24.2 per cent were sold by domestic municipalities on year-on-year basis, and industry continued to improve.
Disclosing the tabular summary, the non-net interest for the first half of the year is as expected. The subsidiary, Chinese-owned vehicles, has combined the Shanghai Sino-Change report since March 18, and a one-time premium on the original shareholding has been recognized by Chinese-owned vehicles as part of the current investment return, excluding the associated effect, the company ' s non-return net profit for the first half of the year was $17.26 billion, an increase of 10.1 per cent compared with the previous year, which is in line with expectations.
In 2018, there were nearly 10 new cars listed in the autonomous plates.
In the first half of the year, 359,000 vehicles were sold on board, an increase of 53.7 per cent compared to the previous year, and the mainstream drivers in the country were fast-tracked. Winnie and the title became two of the core brands of auto autonomy, and as the new model continued to be released, there was still room for using the plates. In addition, Marvelx, which was about to be placed on the market.
Higher, with the prospect of higher and more prestigious brand premiums, a gradual shift in the structure of autonomous products to higher-end markets, a build-up of the scale effects of higher income volumes, and a sustained increase in self-profit capacity.
At the end of the performance, joint companies realized investment returns of 14.6 billion, with the public contributing $7.7 billion and the general public contributing 5.5 billion, respectively. The public’s new product cycle has not yet been completed, followed by sales.
The upper-mortality conglomerate, which is the engine of the entire car, and which relies on the public and public depth of brands, will grow in certainty and benefit from increased concentration in the differentiated market. The upper-mortality autonomous R & D will depend on a number of international giants, and growth will only take time to verify, with companies earning more than 5% of the dividends.
The company has the highest level of certainty in China’s high-growth market and the value attributes of high dividends, and is a rare, high-quality white horse.
Eight-fold. A strong corporate brand will benefit from a trend toward increased concentration, an autonomous brand with growth properties, a low value of high dividends, which provides excellent value and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
The upper-mortality group (600104): a giant ship on the reverse stream, Novo, will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. South-West Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.