It is strongly recommended (for the first time) that the cumulative increase in January-August was 9.1 per cent over the same period.
6.0 per cent increase over the same year; 15,860,000 vehicles sold in the same year, a decline of 3.8 per cent over the same year, a cumulative increase of 6.5 per cent over the same period in January-August; 50 million vehicles sold in the same month, an increase of 23.0 per cent over the same period and a cumulative increase of 46.8 per cent over the same period in January-August; and 14,55,000 vehicles sold in the same year, a decrease of 5.8 per cent over the same period in the same month-August, a cumulative increase of 2.3 per cent over the same period in January-August.
In August, sales rose slightly, and the use of motor vehicles showed remarkable performance. According to FMC data, 1.76 million vehicles were distributed in the narrow sense of the country in August (up to 5 per cent of the year), with a cumulative sales volume of 1,488 million in January-August (up to 3.1 per cent of the year); 1.73 million vehicles were sold in August (up to 7.4 per cent of the year), with a cumulative sales volume of 1,427 million (up to 1.3 per cent of the year).
The company’s total sales in August were 528,000, a small increase of 0.3% in the same year, a sharp increase in the average number of leading industries, and a slight increase in the reverse. Of these, 50,000 vehicles were sold in August, a record increase of 22.96% compared to August, under the flag of the upper steam group.
2.7% long, with a cumulative increase of 6.0% in January-August, with new models such as Fugitives, Strings, Roads, etc. contributing more to popular brands, while Kermik and Coyk contributing more to Scorda brands. As the new compact mass suv travels to the market in the fourth quarter, it will contribute to a steady increase in the population in the second half of the year.
A 6.5% increase in January-August. Buick brands, Gl6, All New Kings, Qualified contributions, Chevy brands, and the impact of a three-cylinder engine, which has been underselling for 18 years. The sale of the general Mitsubishi watch on the gas, while the sales of BM560 and 730 have been falling due to the ageing of the product.
Autonomous new-energy models grew by 260% in August, and new-energy sales are on the rise. The upper-mortality-type new-energy cars sold by the upper-mortality group sold 1,130,000 vehicles in August, an increase of 260% in the same-year period, with a cumulative sales of 66,000 vehicles in January-August.
Price, winning the "triple crown" of the domestic plug-in car market. The major increase in the volume of new energy sales has been in the form of: 1 core technology in the area of "3 power" for new energy vehicles, which the group has accumulated over $10 billion in new energy vehicles, forming a new energy research and development team for nearly 1,000 people; and 2 new energy vehicles.
The first product, Eunweie5 and Eunweierx5, have used exclusive electric vehicle structures. The Glory Wing marvelx has a number of black technology with five “global firsts” and is now marketed.
The low season of sales, the build-up of last year’s high sales base, the weakening of the market effect, the monetization of sheds, the decrease in compensation, among other things, led to a similar decline in sales in July and August of 18 years, and the overall pressure on the automobile industry.
There will be an increase of 2.5 pp/17.1 pp/3.9 pp/11.7 pp over the Mitsubishi Ring. The sales will continue to improve, but the same data will remain under pressure based on the higher base of last year.
In the context of the downturn, market liberalization will be accelerated, and the upper-mortality group will resist industry cycles with its strong R & D, product innovation, and market opening power. Figure 2 shows the volume of vehicle sales and the same rate of growth.
Figure 3 General Mitsubishi sales and the same rate of increase