South-West Securities Research and Development Center (WSRDC) event: companies released sales data for August 2018 and sold 528,000 cars in August, the same year.
According to FMC data, the cumulative monthly increase in retail and wholesale data was 14.5% and -11.0%, respectively, from 1 to 24 August, although with the end of part of the company's leave and the strength of some of the powerful cars, the figures for one week are gradually improving, but they are withdrawn from last year's purchase tax.
In the former case, the automobile market performed less. With strong product power, the company maintained a positive growth in sales in weak markets, significantly exceeding industry averages. Co-owned brand sales were robust, autonomous, and strong.
Autonomy continues to break through, with glory and fame. The two central brands of auto autonomy, Eonwei and the Eleonor, have achieved a total of 50 million vehicles in the month of August, an increase of 23.0 per cent over the previous month, of which Eon Weirx5 alone has contributed 2.0777 million vehicles (13.0 per cent over the same period and 17.0 per cent over the same period), and sales have gone up by another 20,000.
In January-August 2018, 457,000 vehicles were sold on board, a significant increase of 46.8 per cent over the same period. With the arrival of the traditional “Golden 10” car sales season, it is expected that the upcoming marketers, Marvelx and Monsignor hs, will continue to drive the growth of autonomous plates. Moreover, the company’s autonomous product structure is constantly moving upwards, with some modeling.
• The new product cycle continues, and the public and the general sales are sound. In August, 156,000 vehicles were sold, an increase of 2.7 per cent over the previous month; in August, 159,000 vehicles were sold, and 146,000 vehicles were sold, respectively.
From 2018 to 2019, the corporate joint brand and the general public entered the powerful product cycle, with a projected total of over 30 new vehicles, the sales of the new model to the company increased significantly in view of the company’s historical performance. In January-August 2018, the model was introduced continuously, and future growth was guaranteed.
The upper-mortality conglomerate, which is the driving force of the entire car, and which relies on the public and public depth of the brand, will increase its performance with certainty and benefit from increased concentration in the market of differentiation. The upper-mortality autonomous R & D will depend on a number of international giants, and growth will only take time to verify, with companies earning more than 5% of the dividends.
Companies have the highest degree of certainty in China’s high-growth markets, and have the value attributes of high dividends, and are a rare quality white horse. A strong corporate brand will benefit from the upward trend in concentration, with a high degree of ownership and growth.
The low-valued dividends provide excellent value and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Auto-shock release of marvelx (2018-04-29) 3. Upward gas group (600104): Superships on counter-flow, and Noor will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.