In July, there was a steady increase in sales, autonomy and public performance, and sales of 4.04 million vehicles, an increase of 10.3 per cent over the same period.
In July, the sales volume of general-purpose Mitsubishi increased by 15.2%, 5.3%, 29.8%, and 0.1%, respectively, and the total volume of sales increased steadily in the short term, the volume of sales and the performance of vehicles, and the cycle of joint ventures and branding under the company continued.
In the long run, companies have invested heavily in new energy sources, smart drivers, technology, brands of autonomy, and new energy sales continue to erupt. The Autonomous brand sold 48,000 vehicles in July, an increase of 29.8 per cent compared to the previous year; and 407,000 in January-July, an increase of 50.4 per cent compared to the same year, keeping sales high.
Growth, reaching a target of 700,000 for the year. The new energy source showed good performance, with 10,430 vehicles sold in July, an increase of 159 per cent over the previous year, with the equivalent of 10,000 sales for three consecutive months; 55,000 units, phev and ev, were sold cumulatively in January-July and were well-balanced. The high-end car Marvelx will be delivered in September, hopefully.
In July, 152,000 vehicles were sold, an increase of 15.2%, and in January-July, 1,173,000 vehicles, an increase of 6.4% since the beginning of the year.
So, with the new cars and the new cars of the new generation, and the new ones of the new generation, they've been doing well, and they'll be marketed with the popular tharu and other suv models, and they'll be well-developed. The general short-term sales of the upper gas will be rewinded, and sales and performance will grow throughout the year.
The impact is a 5.3% drop in sales in July on a year-on-year basis, but the cumulative sales in January-July grew by 8.2%, new vehicles such as Cadillacxt4 will be on the market in the near future, and sales and performance will continue to increase steadily throughout the year.
The lead share is expected to rise as a result of continuous differentiation in vehicle sales and performance. Corporate co-financing and ownership of brand new products continues, products such as suv and cars are well-placed, R&D technologies and markets compete.
With domestic leadership, the market share is expected to continue to rise, and performance growth is more certain. The Upper Steam Group - Upward Audi has made a breakthrough in the development of luxury cars 1) market competition has increased and sales and profitability have declined; 2) raw materials and labour costs have risen significantly.
Upper Steam Group - May sales grew by almost 15%, industry integration worries 20180501 Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting operations