The company published its semi-annual report for 2018, which achieved operating income of $4,64.852 billion during the reporting period.
This represents an increase of 17.27 per cent; a net return of 18.882 billion yuan, an increase of 18.95 per cent over the same period, and a slightly higher than expected performance. In March, a subsidiary, Chinese-owned vehicles, with a small lamp, achieved a premium of 918 million yuan, resulting in a slightly lower rate of increase of 10.12 per cent in net profit from non-return to mothers.
With a 0.54% increase in the same year, profitability has been further enhanced; as a result of the increase in the size of the automobile consumption credit, operating cash flows have decreased significantly, reflecting the rapid growth of automobile finance and the prospect of future performance.
In the first half of the year, the AEL branch sales grew by 53.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, continuing the momentum of high growth and increasing by 1.86 per cent compared to 51.84 per cent of the average monthly sales of AEV companies in the previous quarter, maintaining a reverse growth in the second quarter of the car market, at a rate far higher than the industry average; and autonomous commercial vehicles.
On the other hand, the period of restructuring of the upper-cargo Chase business has largely ended and has begun to flourish in a number of segmented markets, with a 36.6 per cent increase in sales on the same basis, and the market recognition of large-scale, c2b, firm push, has created a differentiated competitive advantage for the upper-carbo industry.
• The “new quadrupling” strategy has been firmly advanced, with good results: during the reporting period, companies have continued to pursue the new quadrupling strategy, which is represented by “new energy” and “smart network” and is on track.
Over 40%, 60% of new energy cars are sold outside Shanghai, and the Chengzhou and Ningde bases will continue to contribute to new energy motor capacity in the future; the roll-out of e100 new energy logistics cards will also make the second half of the year of high gas traffic even more promising. Overall, the company will be able to complete it in 2017.
The new quadruple layout has achieved a great deal: the process of cooperation with key players such as Ningde, British Flying, Wuhan Light, and tttech, "Performance with Expectations, New Cars to Work" has generally been faster than expected; the “last kilometre” autonomous parking project will also be loaded in the second half of the year.
New Energy Motors is Motivated, Māori is Stable, looking at the company’s new powered car cycle, and continues to drive the share of autonomous brands up. “Autonomous brands rise, “New Fours” is strong.
• Keeping a “recommended” rating: growth as a positive growth in corporate performance