Joint venture, two wings, auto finance, 31st of August 2018.
The net profit of the parent company, Jan Jogi, was 18.882 billion yuan, an increase of 18.95 per cent. The basic gain per share was $1.625, an increase of 17.84 per cent.
In the last two years, joint ventures and autonomous roll-out of new cars have led to the company’s leading advantage and product competitiveness, as the industry has moved at a slower rate.
And 3.8%: Autonomous brands are growing by 53.67% on the same basis, running the mainstream domestic automobiles. We believe that, with joint brands moving back into strong product cycles over the next two years, and autonomous brands continuing to roll out new best-selling cars, up-group sales are expected to remain high, up-voltaic, up-voltaic, into strong product cycles. Over 16 and 14 respectively will be released in 2018-2019.
\triangleright, with 18 years of high-voltaic mass product and 19 years of high-voltaic utility product, the joint brand is about to enter a high-yielding cycle.
In the next two years, we believe that the general public and the general public will remain at the forefront of the domestic car market by means of a strong product cycle. With the strong rise of the motor vehicle, the group’s sales will grow in the future.
\triangleright integrates smart network connectivity technology, with the introduction of Internet car crashes, and sales have increased significantly. 62% and 54% of motor vehicle sales on 2017-2018h1, respectively, with city shares rising by 0.66%, 0.74 percentage points, contributing to 78% and 73% of the growth in group markets.
Into the car, in the car, in the car, in the car, in the car, in the car, in the car, in the car, in the car, in the car, in the case of the car, in the case of the car, in the order of 10,000 steps per month, starting in May. In the car, in the case of the Internet, in the case of the new car, the product is very competitive, and we believe that the car has become a new engine for the growth of the group.
Auto-finance has grown significantly, and future performances have increased. The upper-mortality group has been developing car finance in recent years, with the above-mentioned car finance and auto-lending operations dominated. Domestic auto-finance penetration was about 41% in 2017. The annual penetration rate is expected to reach 50% in developed countries such as the United States. The compounding rate of corporate automobile finance operations increased by 51.4% in 2013-2017, and more than 8 billion in 2018h1.
\triangleright Yang Jogi, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, good at understanding the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, on a weekly basis.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have sought to report on the objective and impartial nature of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are for information purposes only.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies