The acquisition of the qorvo containment plant and the continuous deepening of vertical integration capacity 22 December 2023 incident: on 19 December, a final agreement was reached between the Wireless Connected Chip manufacturer qorvo and the setup.
\triangleright sells its assembly and testing facilities in Beijing and Texas, China, and the transaction is expected to be completed in the first half of 2024.
qorvo will continue to retain its sales, engineering, and customer support staff in China. Under the new long-term supply agreement, qorvo’s follow-up supply tasks, such as assembly and testing of RF products in the Chinese district, will be done in detail.
qorvo and Botón, Shitya News, also known as the U.S. Radio frequency 3 giants, whose main products are radio frequency integrated circuit products, including radio frequency chips from 5g base stations and mobile devices such as smart phones. In 2022, qorvo accounted for the market share of the world ' s front-end radio frequency.
15%. qorvo is located in Beijing and Texas, China, where the main business is the front end of the radio frequency module in the consumer electronics field.
Three stars, high access, etc... Current core technology under the flag, system integration products focused on consumer electronics, developed from the smt base, is now at the top of the world, both in scale and technology. As products become more integrated, core team operations continue to deepen, extend into the field of tip, and help many clients solve problems.
It's a pain in the way of a mega-transfer. On the basis of a core-sip operation, it's acquired two major containment test plants, the tri-quarterly newspaper & qorvo of 2023. It's combined with the original operation, from system encapsulation to module encapsulation extension, industrial chain.
Yearly report performance forecast: Performance meets expectations, three or four quarters of visionpro leads innovation, auto & communications business is a lot of flowers. According to Bloomberg, quarterly reports report performance forecast: performance meets expectations, mr + steam
It is expected to be released in January of the year. We see that mr leads the newest consumer electronics, and that car + telecommunications continues to expand by 2023/09/03. Newly, Visionpro opens up a number of innovations as a revolutionary xr product, pointing the way to technology in the xr industry.
3. Advanced (002475.sz) depth report: Automobiles also provide potential and value space for the industrial chain.
For more than a decade, in the area of automobile operations, companies have been working in the area of auto parts and components, continuing to develop new home-grown car brands and new domestic power customers, with product layouts covering wires and chains.
In addition, the company’s strategic collaboration with Chiré on the Tier 1 project is expected to bring higher visibility to the company’s automobile business after the second half of 2024.
In terms of communications, the company's product structure continues to be optimized, and overseas operations are growing rapidly. In the future, automobile & telecommunications operations are expected to grow at a high rate over the next three to five years, depending on their manufacturing advantages in the consumer electronics sector.
The company's performance is expected to increase further as the share of mobile phones is continuously increasing, the customer outreach and the volume of new items in the automobile and communications business continues to grow. The “recommended” rating is maintained. The methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is accountable for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.