Events: On 20 October, the tri-quarter report 2023 was published, the company’s performance for the first three quarters of 2023 \triangleright was positive, and the profit-making circle continued to rise.
\triangleright, the impact of the response chain and the industry chain continues, and the company’s performance in the last three quarters has risen in reverse. Although the company’s average income of 23q3 was lower, it was mainly due to the optimal product structure and the strategy of preparing the goods according to the client’s requirements.
In terms of product structure: 1) the company strategically abandons the oem business, which has a relatively low profit margin in some of the communications industries; 2) the customer controls the inventory in three quarters, in accordance with the customer demand strategy, until the sale takes place in four quarters. Overall, the consumer electronics business, the automobile industry, and the communications industry outside the larger clients are on par for the third quarter.
This is a clear growth trend, which is expected to be a year-round upward trend. In terms of profitability, 2023q3 quarterly performance forecasts are evaluated: performance meets expectations, mr+ gas yoy+1.32 pct, qoq+0.66 pct, company product structure continues to be optimized and Māori levels steadily rise.
2. In-depth report (002475.sz) on the new growth of motor racing and the re-launching of sophisticated manufacturing taps - 2023/02/1 - 6.95 per cent reduction of 0.44 pct. The overall cost rate is declining, mainly due to the company ' s continuous optimization of organization and systems
>Visionpro brings growth dynamics, and cars and communications operations do a lot of work.
With the advantage of core parts and systems assembly, and following the extended household strategy, the company is expected to lead the next generation of innovation in consumer electronic “space computing.” In the case of automobiles, the company has been working in the area of auto parts for more than a decade, continuing to develop a brand of new energy cars overseas.
New forces in the country, wire beams and connectors, autopilots, smart pods.
Production advantages in the area of consumer electronics, with high growth rates in the next 3-5 years. Dollars, 20/16/12 times the equivalent. Corporate performance, full-scale configuration of the whole machine assembly + precision components + modules, has not been accompanied by continuous increases in the share of mobile phones, customer outreach and new product sales in automobile and communications operations, and corporate performance.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.