luxshare (002475ch) resilient 3q23despitemacroheadwinds; buy (maintain)
Photo by Flickr user <www.un.org/docs/npgrothof-8.5%/+15.4% yoy, andpre-
(previousp announcedfy23eEARningsgroveof17.5-22.5% yoy, implying 31% yoyin 4q23e.3q23eswaslargelyin-linewith the profitalertearnler, while
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Looking forward, despiteongoingmacroheadwinds, Weblievethatluxshare iswell-positionedtobefetfromgainshainephone/macbook/ipad/watch oem/components, andcaptureopportunitiesnautomobileier-1andcomm.
claudiaaliu businesses.weadjustedfy23-24eepsby-4/-2%tofactorin3q23resources stockdata
3q23mostlyin-line; videotoplineduetoventorroraction, cip deliverychanges, andslowerwearables/mini-led.despiteweak
I'm sorry, ma'am. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
Improvedyoy/qoqto 13.8% in3q23 (vs.10.0/11.3% in1q/2q23).
17.5 - 22.5% yoy, implying 31% yoyin4q23 (vs15%in3q).
/smartphooneoembizadhizhersharealloplicationofhigh-endmodels.in source: factset answer,com./autotier 1busessareposedtodelversolidgrovethand
12-mthpriceperformance bettermarkinswithorderwinsandproductportfolioexpansionof24/25e.atractiverisk/reward;reuteratebuy.webeleveluxshare'soperating
efficiencywillcontinueimprove theconomisofscaliphone/ businessandcommunicationsseallworldrevenueupsidein fy24/25e.weslightlyadjustedfy23-25eepstorect3q23resourcesand
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's just that I'm not sure what I'm going to do.
colonisation overdoone; accumulatefor apple'sharagainandauto/comm.momentum(link)
luxshare (002475ch)-resilientfy22/1h23despiteindustry headwinds (link) once: companydata, bloomberg, cmigmestimates
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
(vsprior28xfy23ep/eforsofter consumerectacistsmarket) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Upcomingcatalystsincludesharegainappleproducts, mrdevicerampupandautotier-1progress.majorriss includeweakeriphone/airpodsdemand,weakeryieldimprovementandsloweractionofquirebusises. source: bloomberg, and bigm
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Theresarchanalhysprispyresponsibleforthecontentofresresearchreport, inholeorinpart, certifiestwhatect to the securities orissuerthattheanastcoverinthiport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressaccuratelyreflectisorherpersonviewsaboutthesubjectscirities oris; and (2) nopartofofhisorhercompensationwas,is,orwillbe,directly,relatesspecialviewsexpressedbythatatstin
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm gonna do it, but I'm gonna do it, but I'm gonna do it, so I'm gonna do it.
This is the first time that you've ever been in a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency.
♪ And bigmratings forgot: stockisnotratedbycm
Outperform mark-perform underperform
"and internationalglobalmarketslimited and internationalglobalglobalmarketslimited" ("cmbigm") iawhollyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed (awholly reported subsocialofchinamerchantsbank)
Importantdiscussions doesnotprovidindividuallytailoredvementadvice.thisreporthasbeenpreparedwithoutregardtotheindividualinvestives, financial position orspecialrequirements.pastperformanceehasnoindicationoffutureperformation, dactuatedeventsmayifferrealfromthatwichiscontainedthe
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, hasbeenpreparedby the cmbigm, solelyforpurposeofsuplyinformationtotheclientsofcirentsorgm oritsaffiliate(s) thomitistbureted.thisportisnotototandsouldnotconstruedasanofforsolicitationtobuyorsellanyscienceornyinterestin secritiesorienterintoanytransaction.neith and bigmnonyofofsaffialates, shareholds, agents, delegates, directors, officesorsorsoremployoyèsallbe.
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, methhodswhencompiling.
I'd like to thank you, Mr. President, for your attention, on behalf of the European Union, for your cooperation with the European Union in the field of human rights, and for your cooperation with the United Nations in the field of human rights, and for your cooperation with the United Nations in the field of human rights, and for your cooperation with the United Nations in the field of human rights, and for your cooperation with the United Nations in the field of human rights, I would like to express my gratitude to you for your cooperation with the United Nations in this regard.
I don't know what you're talking about, reprinted, sold, redistrickedorpublishedinwholeorinpartforanypurposithoutpriorwrittenconsentof bigm. additionalformationrecommened secritiesisavailableuprequest.
(asamended Fromtimetotime)or (ii) aeropersfallingwithinarticle49(2)(a)to(d)("hhnetworthcompanies, unincorporated associations, etc.)oftheorder, andmaynotprovidedtoanotherperson without thepriorwrittenconsentof and Bigm.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Idendedtoenstaintythenalysprotenfectoriesbypostentialconfactssointerestthatcoud certainoriabilityofothersesearchreport.thisreportis invertedfordstoriesthestatestatelyto"majorusinstitutionalinvestors”, asdefinedintilile15a-6undertheus, securitiesexchhangeactof 1934,asamended,andmayyotbefurnishtoanyotherpersonsentstates.eachmajorustitutionalinvestivesatresativesystemsactatives.
I don't know, by sacceptanceherofrepresentsandadagreesthatshathaltshathaltridiorprovidethisiporttoanyotherson.anyu.s.recipientofthisportwishingto effectanytransactiontobuyorselsecuritiesbasedontheforformation providedthesisresportdosoldsonlythroughau.s.-registerbroker-dealer.Forcificentsofthisdocumentiningaporeinsin
This reportistributedinsaporeby pte.mited (cmbisg) (companyregn.no.20171928d), anexemptfinancialadviserasdefined in thefinancialadvisersact (cap. 110) ofusingaporeandreguilaedbythemonetataryauthorthorityofspore.cmbismaydistreportsproducedbyits researchiveforignitities, affiliatesotropotherworldhousehousehousespooltoarrangementunderundersourceration32Cofthefinciancianciadvisersregulations.
If you're going to do it, then you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it.