002415.sz. Quarterly Māori rises in the same ring, and performance is expected to improve continuously.
In the first quarter of 23 years, the Māori rate recovered by the same ring and the net return to the mother was reduced by the same year. In 22 years, the company achieved $83,166 million (yoy+2.14 per cent) in return for the mother ' s net profit of $12,837 million (yoy-23.59 per cent), the ebg performance stabilized in 22 years, and the 23-year digital economy and demand recovery are expected to drive a quarterly improvement in bg.
In 22 years, the public service group pbg received $16.135 billion (youy-15.79 per cent) in corporate business and $1 billion (youy-76 per cent); among them, the business group ebg showed greater resilience, the digital transformation energy of business users and the energy sector grew faster.
Gradual implementation of the pbg extension project; ebg is expected to accelerate with the release of business digital demand; the SME decision-making chain is short, and smbg is expected to generate business growth as the economy recovers. Corporate robotics, the fluorescent network, are gradually developing into stand-alone sections for innovation as represented, growing companies.
Over the next six months, North America, Europe, were affected by inflation, political pressure, and the company’s 22-year income abroad was equal to that of the rest of the year.
In contrast, developing countries have maintained their growth, with large markets in Latin America, South-East Asia, South Asia, Central Asia, the Middle East, and Greater Africa, where the share of developing countries in business is expected to rise gradually in the future. With regard to the cloud-side intelligence complex, companies have expanded their overall perception of infrared, x-ray, sound, etc. from visible light.
One Open Platform has served more than 100 industries, over 15,000 users, and has accumulated a comprehensive set of proximate solution capabilities and continued competitiveness. Investment proposal: We look forward to the growth space of the corporate smart mix of solutions and innovative business.
"Heaconview" (002415.sz) - 22 year-on-year harvest by 2.15 per cent, digital economy: "Heaconview" (002415.sz) - "Heacon's robot is about to be marketed, fluorescent network is over." "Heaconview (002415.sz) - Smart Dragons Convergence, alot continues to develop."
Haeconweg (002415.sz) - Growth of 7.4 per cent over the same period in the last three quarters
Figure 2: Company revenue structure in recent years (in billions of yuan) Figure 3: Company net profit return and rate of increase over the last five years (in billions, per cent) Figure 4: Company Māori rate and net interest rate over the last five years (in %, per cent)
Figure 5: Cost of the company for the last five years (%): The company ' s R & D input and its share of revenue over the last five years (billions of yuan, %) The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author