Heaconway (002415): Reverse is still strong, April 21st, 2023.
The company is the leading provider of video products and content services, with a global supply of leading video products, a professional industry of 23.59%. Meanwhile, the company released its first quarterly report in 2023, and realized business income during the reporting period.
Solutions and content services. Companies actively deploy new and emerging markets and businesses and launch Internet-based platforms for products and cloud services for families and micro-enterprises;
In the area of smart manufacturing, a series of machine visual products and solutions have been introduced. The company’s products have covered video surveillance systems.
The pressure on all major equipment, including front-end collection equipment, back-end weakening, but overall, the company remains resilient in its plight, storing and centralizing, displaying, managing and storing equipment.
There is a high ebg resilience in domestic industries, mainly due to the higher digital transformational energy of business users and relatively stable capital spending. Public spending on pbg is limited, the impact of project landing is greater, and small and medium-sized Smbg enterprises are more sensitive to the economic environment and a slight decline in demand. However, macro-level impacts, such as the 2023 epidemic, are expected to diminish.
Business is expected to resume. Moreover, the growth rate of offshore ownership and innovation is high, while the growth rate of offshore owners in China is still good, and the revenue share is expected to rise further in the future; and in innovation, robotics, auto electronics, thermal imaging, etc., are expected to remain stable in the future.
The company has begun to control the growth in numbers, and is expected to return to normal levels with a recovery in earnings. It is oriented towards the visual vertical field, with a large model of deep-farm artificial intelligence. The company is the leading company of the Smarts Association, and has produced more than 30,000 hardware products, covering more than 300 details in 10 major industries and more than 70 sub-sectors.
By way of scenario, the company’s active interest in, and development of, large visual model technology has now reached the stage of development of large multi-model models, including training and processing of multi-model signals such as vision, voice, text, etc. At the same time, the company has built its own data centre, built thousands of kilocalories of parallel training capabilities, and is looking for intelligent security scenarios.
Large models of 10 billion-grade parameters have been trained, and industry models based on basic models have been developed, balancing costs and effects. The company ' s ai open platform has now been used in the intellectual upgrading of more than 100 industries and has supported more than 15,000 users.
There is a relatively deep accumulation of data and technology in multiple scenarios, and large model research and development based on vertical fields by companies is expected to enhance product strength and better serve client needs.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: corporate adversity is still strong, with macro-risk reductions expected to hit the bottom, and companies, as intelligent conglomerates, have better large model applications, and companies are expected to improve their productivity in the future by developing large vertical industry models at an early stage.
The source of the East's financial and intellectual prosperity, the Sea Congrats (002415).
East Hing Securities Company reports that the reverse is still resilient and is expected to hit the bottom.
JANG Young-ja, Research Assistant in the Computer Industry, Master of Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, joined the East Hing Securities in 2021.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.