The company's assessment report for Haekangway (002415), the steady growth of revenue, the rapid growth of innovative business - the annual report for Haikangweg (002415.sz) 2022 and the first quarterly report for 2023
In 2022, business income grew steadily, with net return to the mother falling, net profit of 12,837 million yuan, a decrease of 23.59 per cent over the same period. The public service community (pbg) achieved rapid growth in overseas operations, while the share of overseas municipalities continued to rise.
Geopolitical issues, but based on good supply capacity and well-established marketing practices, companies continued to grow overseas. In 2022, companies established the Dubai Research and Development Centre, which served jointly with the Montreal, London Sea Research and Development Centers to customize regional markets: five new offshore logistics depots, bringing the total to a high level
To 17, two new offshore call centres, totalling 13, have actively expanded their cooperation with channel partners, sunk technology service networks and provided timely, high-quality after-sales services to client users.
• Innovative operations with multiple layouts, maintaining high-intensity R & D inputs, three-quarterly reports on steady growth in revenue, short-term profit pressure.
Research by the National Dollar Securities Corporation - The 2022 Environment (002415.sz). Current innovative business camps include the Firestone Network, the Heicon Robotics, Heicon Micro-Shame, Heicon Motors. Annual Report: Steady Growth of Business Income and Good Development of Innovation.
Electronics, seacomb storage, seacomb fire, seacombs, seacombs, seacombs, seacombs, etc. The good development of innovative business has given new impetus to companies ' long-term sustainable development. In 2022, corporate R & D investment continued to grow steadily at 98.14, accounting for nearly 50% of the total number of companies. Companies will continue to maintain high levels of R & D investment.
To continue to strengthen and consolidate the technological base of the smarts complex, to continue to enrich the types of smarts complex, to dig deep into the army, to apply the smarts complex, and to strengthen the market position in the field of the smarts complex.
The company provides video-centric smartness networking solutions and big data suits to global users, with overall advantages in terms of technology, products and solutions, and a wide range of opportunities for sustained growth. Pre-geopolitical environment risks; downside risks in the global economy; supply chain risks; and technological upgrading risks;
Legal compliance risk: exchange rate fluctuations risk: financial risk due to reduced client capacity to pay: internal management risk: cybersecurity risk: intellectual property risk.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.