• Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
The Division achieves sound business development and strong business resilience through the recognition of technical barriers to data, multi-area business layout, flexible supply chain management. Twenty-three years q1, corporate revenue and profit decline trends are gradually improving, along with the deepening trend of business digitalization, the recovery of the domestic economy, and corporate cost management.
Increased control, expanded business layout in overseas developing countries, expected 23 years of performance to look forward to the development of multi-model models, a continuous congenial vertical field. I'm the soul of the Federation, and the sea has invested and accumulated a great deal in basic computing and large models.
A large model of cv has been developed and is now in the multi-model phase, supporting the integration of training processes such as visual, voice, text, etc.; to support the development of a large model, a high-quality data centre in the self-deployment industry has been built to build a kilocalories parallel training capability and to train 10 billion class parameters against the security landscape.
Hardware products, software products, and user-oriented algorithms, such as the Oceanviewai Open Platform, have been used to date to upgrade more than 100 industries, using more than 15,000 users, to significantly improve the efficiency of video information extraction and data labelling.
The breakthroughs in such technologies as training large models will promote wider value applications for the ai, and Heikang has a multi-mode view: recovery logic plus large-state model capabilities, comprehensive perception product lines, and accumulated knowledge of industry data for more than 20 years, which is expected to lead to the development of a multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year and multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year and multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year and multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-, multi-
Strong, innovative business speeds up the market, taking advantage of smart opportunities in a new wave of the ai. Economic recovery and digitization, three major bgs, or a progressive rebound.
Haekangway reported short-term performance pressure, with a combined revenue of 45,137 million yuan, or 8.41 per cent. Of this, 1) pbg achieved revenue and growth in overseas and innovative business.
The impact of factors such as the higher q4 base per year. 2) ebg yields $16.505 billion, i.e. 0.75 per cent of the year.
The company will continue to actively explore digital applications to build multi-dimensional perception +ai + low-code + cloud service as a core smart product and program to reduce costs through i-engineering and add low-codes.
Fast-forwarding, the cloud vision platform is now connected to 3.7 million terminals, and the ebg business will benefit by billions of dollars, or 7.36 per cent, mainly due to the economic sensitivity of small and medium-sized enterprises, which in the second half of the year will be affected by the weakness of the economy but the overall stability. With the deepening trend of economic recovery and the digitization of enterprises in 23 years, the three major bgs will benefit.
The share of overseas developing countries is expected to rise, and innovation is gaining momentum. With offshore operations, firms are expected to continue to increase their share of income in developing countries by accelerating their business deployment in developing countries and implementing a “one-country approach” strategy.
Innovative operations generated $15.7 billion, compared to +22.81 per cent, eight major innovation companies with flowers, smart households/robots/hot images/car electronics/stores, respectively. Listed, 23q1 achieved income and profit increases of +4.3 per cent/+33.7 per cent, b cloud operations and c
The end-of-the-life business layout is well developed and is driven by two wheels in parallel. 2) The Heikang robots are expected to be on the market this year, with the machine visual business product line expanding, ai empowerment based on the vm algorithm platform, agv robotic products widely distributed in areas such as 3c, new energy, automobiles, medical care, etc. 3)
The electronic end of the vehicle, with Sensteak's subsidiaries in the build-up unit, pre-research R&D 4d imaging radar has been set up on the first line of the mainframe project, with obvious synergies with auto electronics. In the future, the company Seaconai Energy, as head intelligence network, insists on multi-tech development plus multi-product solutions.
The depth of the development + multi-industry landscape has widened, with the long-term digital transformation of the landscape based on the wealth of perception data accumulated over more than two decades + artificial intelligence technology + big data technology + cloud computing technology. For 23 years, the economic environment has gradually recovered and innovation has grown rapidly, and we believe that companies have developed well over the long term.
It is clear that in 2023-2025, the net return to the company is expected to be $170,203,24.6 billion, with projects falling short of expectations, geopolitical implications and technological advances below expectations, using legally compliant information to produce the present report independently and objectively and using data and information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.