The results of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre ' s performance review: the company published its three-quarter report in 2019, and collected $45.1 billion in the first three quarters of 2019.
A drop of 9.5% and a net return of -2.7 billion yuan. Of this, $15.2 billion was collected in the third quarter, an increase of 7 per cent compared to the same period and a net return of $4 billion.
Growth of 3%, good sales performance, and loss of performance in the first quarter. The first three quarters: 11.8% Māori, a 6.9 percentage point rise in the ring, and a significant increase in corporate profitability were due mainly to the optimization of product structure and continued progress in the downswing measures.
The power platform will further enhance the competitiveness of the company’s main vehicle model, while the heavy-pound car, cs75plus, with a strong bill, is expected to become a long-term autonomous brand model. Other earnings from the third quarter + off-the-shelf earnings from the company will be $150 million, a significant decline from the second quarter.
• Joint venture brand: Long Anfort's quarterly sales are warming, and Madheda remains stable. Investment returns on joint ventures in the first three quarters were $580 million, of which $470 million in the third quarter, which was larger than the losses in the second quarter and was expected to increase from the losses in Long Anfort. Long Anfort's third quarter sales of 53,000 vehicles, a 38 per cent increase in the ring.
The three-quarter high-season multi-car pattern of st/st-line, Foxactive, and the medium-term conversion of the Taurus will be on the market, while the four-quarter full-wing tigers will be on the market and the Lincoln-style national production week will further strengthen the long Anfort product week, with more Ford and Lincoln-type national production expected in 2020.
In a healthy state, the inventory is expected to be below 1.5. Long-Anmajda sold over the third quarter of the year, with a 25% increase in the ring, and a full-fledged Marjda 3 Ankosela market at the end of September, is expected to boost the subsequent sales of the Anastasia. • Profit forecasting and investment proposals.
(cs75plus sales perform well (2019-10-09).
Chang An (000625): Long Anfort retail heating. No direct or indirect compensation will be obtained for the same increase (2019-09-11) in the Autonomous Brands, neither for the reasons nor for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.