q3 self-profits began to improve, and Ford's performance was about to rebound: three quarterly reports were issued by the company, with cumulative revenues of $45,115 million in the previous three quarters.
Short-term pressure on performance in Ford Tzudy. Three-quarter losses of $470 million in investment returns on the joint venture, and it is expected that the major joint venture leader, Ann Ford, will continue to lose, mainly because of the continuing low sales of Chang An Ford in the third quarter, the weak early performance of the three new cars in August, and the overall need for the automobile industry.
It's a bit weak. Although Chang Anfort is still under construction, it's already seen a marked improvement in September, and as the industry warms up at the end of the year, and new cars are now on the market, it's still going to be sold and profits are starting to improve.
The overall market value/flow (millions of dollars) also improved, thanks mainly to the fast-tracking of the autonomous heavyweight car model cs75plus, which was scheduled for sale for two weeks in Oshanx7 for best-selling, effective branding and cycling.
The company's own plates are expected to be molded, and the focus will be on the Chang-An (000625) "Long-An" series II: Chang-Aan and O-Shan brands will be expected to continue to improve their profitability from the bleeding point to the building.
Chang-Ann autonomy – The bleeding point of the past, the blood machine of the future – Chang-Ann's series II: Ford Lincoln's year is going to be heavy and the industry will be resilient. Ford's brand is going to be pushed by the end of the year.
Chang-Ann autonomy – The previous bleeding point, the future blood machine – the new winging of the eccape model, the new car's appearance is much better than the cash, for example –2019/10/14.
The price is reasonably expected to change the volume of Enfort sales. The luxurious brand Lincoln's first state-made car, Long An (000625), is 42% higher than Ford's September ring, and will be launched in 2020, using Ford's existing production line to boost its current capacity to a certain extent.
Autonomous start-up cycle - 2019/10/09 points gradually emerges, and the industry recovers with flexibility. Investment proposal: the company’s three-quarterly reports are largely in line with expectations, with short-term performance under pressure but heavy follow-up
The roll-out of the pound new car escape and the national product explorers will greatly increase the elasticity of performance.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.