Autonomous core fleet: event: the company released a November sales flash report, which resulted in an overall sales of 176,000 vehicles, including Chang An.
Ten thousand, with higher consumer recognition, are expected to continue to rise in December. Car products such as sharp cc are also sold beyond market expectations, and cars and suv are fully active.
2. The new car has risen significantly to the rest of the year. The average cost of the new car, cs75plus, sharpcc, etc., is higher, with over 50% of the high orders in cs75plus, and the sharpcc is the highest-priced product in the long-saloon, and the high-priced sale of the product will effectively boost the autonomous plate.
3 - The future of new cars, 2020, will be a year of self-distribution. For the next six months, the total market value/flow (millions of dollars) will remain heavily marketed.
At the highest/minimum 12 months, Chang An (000625) " New energy mixes out of key 4 " , the autonomous plate will be converted from a performance bleeding point to a blood-producing machine.
Chang-Ann's Automobile (000625) Autonomous Reverse, Externally, is constantly focusing on the core business section, optimizing brand structure, improving profitability, looking forward to the end of Ford's new product - 2019/11/06.
Jang's new energy source was successfully introduced to external investors last week, and future business blocks like Kaichun (000625), the q3 Auto Profit Starts to Change 5, and the long Anfort Dawn is coming. The sales of Chang Anfort in November have not improved significantly.
But it is not easy to remain stable without a new car. The hard core of the car, the hard-to-reach estcape, and the Lincoln cosair, are about to be on the market at dawn.
Investment proposals: Autonomous sales start to recover early, and Ford multiple new cars are ready for distribution. We expect to collect $65,947 million/68,387 million in 2019-2020, respectively, for the mother ' s share of net profits
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.