The choice to consume automobiles and car parts will really open the way to Ford's counter-attack.
The sharp edge is the long Anfort core. The sharp edge is the replacement product of the long Anfort core, which sells more than 20,000 per month at its peak and currently less than 0.1 million per month, and the good client trays and slogans give a certain pre-emptive advantage.
Prices are quite competitive. The market is for medium- and high-configured 2.0t vehicles, which are 10,000 yuan lower in volume and more sophisticated in configuration than for competitive car models (public travel, visiting).
The later low-cost model will further expand the product line, selling more than 10,000 units per month. We expect that with a steady sale of a high-size 2.0t vehicle, Chang Annford will launch a much lower-priced total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
In the 1.5t model, two rows of products will effectively lead to a sharper recovery. The 12-month maximum/minimum explorer, Lincoln, is even more promising.
Chang An Car (000625) The Autonomous Nucleus is a core, but not the only, feeder, large-scale suv explorer in the future and Lincoln's series -- 2019/12/10
The model will lead to an increase in the price of Long Anfort.
Chang An (000625) " Autonomy on the downside, with $659.47 billion/68.387 billion per annum/-2020, and net profit return for the mother, with profit projections and financial indicators, respectively:
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report