New energy mixes with car parts and components are a key step in the future of self-profits.
The new energy mix will be on the ground, yielding results and generating investment returns. After new energy is introduced, the company’s share in the new energy company will be reduced to about 49%, and the new energy source will be on the ground.
The trading is expected to have a net profit impact of $2,291 million, and the profits generated by the transaction will need to be recorded in the current period statement (the date of completion is to be determined) after approval by the Shareholder Assembly.
New energy options are still in place, and new models will continue to be imported. With the introduction of strategic investments, companies will remain the largest shareholders in new energy sources and decision-making will remain in place. In the medium to long term, new energy operations will continue to be an important part of the corporate strategy.
In 4,803/4,663, the whole new generation of e-family 3-cars running e-star, cs15e-pro, cs55e-rock announced that the three-cars were expected to be imported into the market from the end of 2019, covering mini-saloons.
The 12-month maximum/minimum vehicle, small suv and compact suv are expected to improve the operation of the new energy plate.
It is expected that non-core assets will continue to be confused to achieve a major focus. With the new energy mix programme on the ground, it is expected that Ford's new deal – 2019/11/06 – will continue to be confused with other non-core assets.
The q3 self-profit start-up process (light, micro-car, pickup, etc.) is also expected to be mixed, and the long-Aoshan branding period will continue to try to turn the market around with the main branding research and development resources.
Chang An Car (000625) Long An Car Series II: 50% of the stock held by the plate company will be sold at the base price of $1.630 billion.
The future mix of non-core assets will move towards a major focus that enhances the efficiency and profitability of listed companies. Autonomy performance is strong, and Forddo's new cars are ready for launch.
The plate was strong, with cs75plus acting as a company, emerging from the most competitive and tight suv market, selling it at a price of 150,000, selling it at a price of 150,000, selling it at a continuing high price, selling it in October, amounting to 17,000, selling the order at a high price, and continuing to make a breakthrough in the future.
The listed cs55plus-type interiors have been removed from 75pus, and when listed, they are expected to lead to a marginal improvement in cs55, with Oshangx7 orders out of 20,000, with a future chance of winning at a premium. The year will usher in a long, high-performing product cycle, with great performance elasticity.
Investment proposals: After the new energy mixing, the autonomous plate will gradually reduce the bleeding point, improve the structure of the autonomous vehicle fleet as the cs75plus model is sold, and the overall table is strong, future profitability is high, and Forddo's new car is ready for release is expected.
RMB 65,947 per cent in 2019-2020 and RMB 68,387 million in net profit for mothers.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.