Prices: 24.8-35.
Ten thousand dollars, marked with a high-power engine of 2.0t, with a length of 4.6 meters, an axle of 2.7 meters, sword to luxury brands, tight suv market.
Using a brand-new Lincoln-style and interior-family design, it takes up most of the competition 1-1.5 years. The strength of the product is expected to bridge the distance between Lincoln's brand power and the rest of the competition, and we estimate that it will be 0.3-0.40 million in the post-stabilization period.
The traditional luxury suv competition is concentrated in the medium- and large-scale suv fields, but in recent years the supple supple supple supple supple supple, represented by BMWx1, Odiq3, Benzgla, has continued to drive the supple suffocates.
Market expansion 4,803/4,803 and the arrival of Lincoln Adventurers is expected to continue at the same time as competition for markets. Total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
Three, the chain of products from Lincoln will expand, Lincoln’s downside will be Cadillac, and the long-term launch of the autonomous core vehicle (000625), which is expected to challenge Lexus.
Fort and Lincoln are at Changan's new power mix.
The product power of the suv market, combined with the high-growth opportunities of the limo market, Lincoln is expected to be one of the leading companies in the two-line luxury brand. The Jang Car (000625), “Autonomous Reverses.”
In the past, Chang Anders used to fight the domestic market with the Ford brand single-handedly, with the general public and the general public, to put almost all brands in the country.
Compared to the importance of the country’s production, long Anfort’s high-end path is lagging behind, and the national product, Lincoln, is expected to make up for the fact that long Anfort’s high-end product is actually working on the medium-term strategy of China’s President Anfort. The high-end reliance on sales will be reduced, and this will be an effective response to the domestic situation.
Pre-equity prices are 12 times higher than the 2020 dynamic. Long Ant, Long Ant, will start a two-year product cycle, driven by two-wheel drive, and the high performance elasticity of Chang An's car is expected to gradually be marketed.
Granted. Continue to maintain the “buy-in” rating.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.