Midea
China
ADD
Consensus ratings*:
Midea's 1H19 results surprised to the upside; net profit grew 16.5% YoY, above our
expectation and consensus of 14% growth.
Current price:
Rmb54.23
Midea's lower AC exposure should help it maintain its current margins in 2H19 in the
Target price:
Rmb60.00
face of possible competitive AC price cuts by competitors in 2H19.
Rmb48.00
Previous target:
Midea is better positioned for the potential consumption stimulus due to its more
Up/downside:
10.6%
diversified product offerings.
CGS-CIMB / Consensus:
-2.1%
■ We upgrade our rating to ADD and increase our TP from Rmb48.0 to Rmb60.0 to
account for better-than-expected 1H19 earnings growth and improved margins in the
000333.SZ
Reuters:
AC and consumer appliance segments.
Bloomberg:
000333 CH
US$52,471m
Market cap:
1H19 results surprised to the upside
Rmb376,297m
Midea's net profit grew 16% YoY to Rmb16.1b in 1H19, above our expectation and
US$189.9m
consensus of 14% growth. The net margin expanded by 0.8ppt YoY to 10.4%. Net profit
Average daily turnover:
growth was helped mainly by 45.9% growth in interest income from wealth management
Rmb1,319m
product investment and cash deposits. Revenue grew 7.4% YoY, driven mainly by the
6,605m
Current shares o/s:
core AC and consumer appliance segments. The gross margin expanded by 2ppt to
41.0%
Free float:
29.7% despite the AC sales promotion Midea started in Q1, thanks to lower raw material
costs and higher ASPs in other key product categories, such as refrigerators. Operating
margins grew only 0.5ppt to 10.9% owing to higher selling expense from promotions.
Because of high channel inventory (4-5 months) and new AC energy-efficiency
standards coming out at the end of 2019, we expect major AC makers to further cut
ASPs in 2H19 to chase market share and trim inventory levels. ACs accounted for 46%
of Midea's total sales in 1H19, and we estimate refrigerators and washing machines
accounted for 10% of total sales each. In the face possible competitive AC price cuts in
2H19, we expect Midea's higher exposure in other key home appliance categories to help
it minimize potential margin erosion in 2H19.
Midea better positioned the for upcoming consumption stimulus
On 27 Aug, the State Council released an Opinion to encourage local governments to
support the sales promotion of energy efficient ACs, refrigerators and washing machines.
And earlier this year, the NDRC released a guideline to potentially boost home appliance
sales by ~Rmb700b in 2019-2021. So far only Beijing and Guangxi have rolled out their
stimulus plans, but we expect other regions to follow in 2H19 and 2020. We expect the
% held
Major shareholders
new round of stimulus to focus more on replacement demand than new demand, as the
Midea Holding Co., Ltd.
penetration of major appliances is approaching saturation in both urban and rural areas.
We also expect the stimulus to benefit pure AC makers less, considering the current high
channel inventory. We think Midea is an easily identifiable beneficiary of the stimulus
because of its higher exposure to the mid- to high-end refrigerator, washing machine and
key small appliance segments.
Upgrade to ADD
We upgrade our rating to ADD and increase our TP from Rmb48.0 to Rmb60.0 to
account for better-than-expected 1H19 earnings growth and improved margins in the AC
and consumer appliances segments. We now value Midea at 14x 2020 earnings vs. the
previous 13x, and raise our 2020 earnings projection by 16% to factor in the upcoming
consumption stimulus. We continue to prefer Midea because of its stronger balance
sheet, more diversified revenue mix and long-term product upgrade story.
Analysts
An Zhang, CPA
Johnson Cheung
BY THE NUMBERS
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
Durable Products | China
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International Securities
(Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made as
to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance. The
recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited, its subsidiaries and
associate companies ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited. China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies)' securities in respect of which are
reviewed in this report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or less than 1% of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization unless specified
otherwise.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
Galaxy International Securities may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of,
any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, Galaxy International Securities may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
China Galaxy International has procedures in place to eliminate, avoid and manage any potential conflicts of interests that may arise in connection with the
production of research reports. The research analyst(s) responsible for this report operates as part of a separate and independent team to the investment banking
function of Galaxy International Securities and procedures are in place to ensure that confidential information held by either the research or investment banking
function is handled appropriately.
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or
will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in
or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed
companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
We are transferring the rating mechanism from "BUY, SELL, HOLD" to "ADD, REDUCE, HOLD". Please refer to the definitions below.
Explanation on Equity Ratings (Existing mechanism (will be replaced by new mechanism by 01/09/19))
share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
BUY
SELL
share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
HOLD
no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
Explanation on Equity Ratings (New mechanism)
ADD
The stock's total return is expected to exceed 10% over the next 12 months.
REDUCE
The stock's total return is expected to fall below 0% or more over the next 12 months.
HOLD
The stock's total return is expected to be between 0% and positive 10% over the next 12 months.
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.