The electrolysis tap market continues to rise, and profits are expected to hit the bottom, at $1,891 million, a decrease of 66.92 per cent in the same year; the net profit from the deduction of non-repatriation is $1,824 million, and the electric fluid market is the world's number one, with a rising self-supporting share. In 2023, the company sold the electrolysis fluid.
The sales volume was 396,000 tons, a 24 per cent increase over the same period, with cities accounting for the first time in eight consecutive years, and the share of domestic municipalities rising to 36.4 per cent. In addition, companies continued to increase the self-supply ratio of core materials through continuous integrated layout and refinement, reaching 93 per cent for liquid lithium hexafluoride and lifsi.
Up to 80% of the core additives are self-supplied. With the clean production of lithium carbonate in Xijiang, companies achieve high-purity lithium carbonate processing capacity and start operating overseas lithium resource projects, the future integrated corporate layout is expected to be further optimized as a first step in the resource end layout.
The company continues to expand its emerging products, enhance the edge of electrolyte technology, and move forward with new electrolytic formulation products and solutions.
Core customer imports went well, positive materials focused on a new generation of high-pressure products for research and development to optimize phosphate iron production techniques, building competitive advantages for phosphate lithium, and programmes for glue and structural glue products continued to grow and break. With regard to overseas markets, companies continued to open up European, American, and Korean international customers, accelerating the process.
The development and development of overseas capacity-building and accompanying solutions, the company's continued expansion of overseas work teams, the successful commissioning of the German oem plant, the ongoing development of the United States electrolytic fluid project, and the Division's intention to continue to expand overseas integrated capacity-building through the establishment of a subsidiary in Morocco
Profit forecasting and investment rating: We expect a net return profit for the company in 2024-2026 to be a risk factor: lower demand for new energy vehicles than expected; risk of changes in lithium battery technology; higher than expected risk of material price fluctuations; environmental and safe production risks, etc.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Research focuses on industry and share-digging. In 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the photovoltaic industry.
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the electricity and storage industries. Sun Sun, Research Assistant in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, which is responsible for research in the industrial, regulatory and robotic industries.
Wang Jilin, Assistant for New Energy Research in Electrical Equipment, Master of Finance at the University of Gangan, one year of professional research experience, 2023 joined the Sindam Securities Research Institute, which is responsible for research in the wind and nuclear power sectors. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion presented in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.