The electrolytic fluids are under pressure and the market rate is steadily rising. \triangleright \triangleright
In terms of volume, the company sold 396,000 tons of electrolyte in 23 years, which is an increase over the same period.
24% \triangleright, about 109,000 tonnes in four quarters.
The reason for this is: (a) increased competition in the industry, further decline in the electrolyte process cost, and (b) the price of lithium carbonate is still down in four quarters, with the unit profit being impaired.
With a self-supply ratio of over 93 per cent for 6f and lifsi, and a partial self-supply ratio of over 80 per cent for additives, the company expects that the ratio of lifsi additions will increase steadily, effectively increasing the electrolysis, as soon as 4c is filled and 4680 cylinders are released.
One ton of liquid profits. On the overseas layout, the company’s German Oem plant was put into production, and the North American electrolytic fluid project continued with Jubino and accelerated the development of overseas customers, the creation of Korean modeling rooms, and the precision of Korean customers like lg, sdi, etc.
In terms of city occupancy, the market share in the company's country of electrolysis rose to 36.4 per cent in 23 years, as the company's integrated layout and production capacity accelerated its release.
The company's 23-year phosphate loss is due mainly to: 1, downstream to the warehouse plus new energy equipment, the overall start rate is lower than expected, and market prices are higher than expected. The company is actively optimizing the phosphate process, continuously improving product performance and reducing costs, and is expected to achieve gains and losses in 24 years.
In terms of resource cycle operations, the company ' s lithium carbonate pure production line and the process of refining lithium carbonate wetting have been developed to build the whole chain of processing capacity from the original mine to the advanced lithium carbonate.
2. Biannual report 2023 (002709.sz)
Master code additions 2023/08/15 Performance forecast: q2 rollback, electrolyte profit 4. Quarterly reporting point 2023 (002709.sz)
Evaluation: Performance meets expectations, electrolysis taps are profitable and resilient - 2023/04/19 5. Tianchi material (002709.sz) is reported in 2022:
The high performance of the electrolytic fluid taps, the integrated layout-driven dropbook - 2023/04/12 Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.