In 2023, the capacity of the lithium electricity industry to expand rapidly, add up the price of raw materials and make a profit.
The company's main product is now at the bottom of the profit zone, where it is expected to maintain a loose supply and demand pattern in 2024.
The firm’s current valuation is reasonable, maintaining an “inter-sectional” rating. The fall in product prices affected the company’s profitability performance: in 2023, there was a sharp drop in the price of the lithium chain.
Tons, 62% lower, and the price of critical electrolyte lithium hexafluoride decreased from 242,000 yuan/tonne to 64,000 yuan/tonne, 73% lower; and the price of iron phosphate before positive materials decreased from 22,000 yuan/tt to 11,000 yuan/tonne, 50% lower, and the price of the main product affected corporate profits.
The company's annual output of the electrolyte is about 400,000 tons, while yoy + 25%, with a steady overall increase. Moreover, as a result of falling prices for raw materials and products, the company's lithium carbonate and solid material phosphate methometers are being saved.
The price of the goods has increased, further lowering the company’s profit level. At the bottom of the profit, a single-season performance pressure: the company’s q4 performance was reduced by a greater margin than the company’s q4 performance, mainly due to the decline in electrolyte prices and the impact of impairment losses on the asset. q4 seasons of electrolyte were valued at $2.28 million per month.
Institutional investors account for a share of the circulation of 110,000 tons of electrolysis fluids, with a slight reduction in the ring ratio. The price of the electrolyte from the q4 company ' s main product is on the decline. The positive front-to-polar drive block, with 300,000 tons of iron phosphate still being released at no cost.
In addition, at the end of the year, the company accounts for the loss of carbonate, lithium and positive material assets, and lowers the single-season performance. Currently, the electrolytic fluid is profitable at the bottom of the zone, with some of the production in the industry already in a state of loss and further loss of profits.
The supply pattern is relaxed and awaiting industrial warming: in the last two years, the capacity of electrolysis fluids has grown rapidly. According to the evtank, Chinese electrolytic fluids in 2023 amounted to 11.38 million tons, yoy + 27.7 per cent, and the company’s domestic municipalities have reached a high level of pre- electrolytic fluid production capacity, which is already in excess, and supply oversupply is difficult to change in a short period of time.
The Division has no major new production plans for the next few years, with overseas deployments in North America, Morocco, and Europe. The company has a high supply of HFC6 and pre-positioned the capacity of lithium sulfonyl sulfonylamine, with a higher share of high Maori products, and is well placed to maintain its current cost advantage, waiting for the industry’s output to be cleared.
We expect the electrolytic fluid price to remain in the bottom zone in 2024, but given that the electrolytic fluid price was high in the first half of 2023, which increased the annual average price, it is expected that the average electrolyte price in 2024 will be the same as in 2023 q4, and that the company's overall Māori level is expected to decline at around $20,000.
The supply and demand of the phosphate industry is also in a relaxed state, but the unit cost is expected to fall when the company's capacity climbs, and we expect the company to lose less on the plate. Profit forecasting: considering the loose supply pattern of the lithium electricity industry, we have revised the profit forecast and added it.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.