Launching of the Quality Return Double Action Programme, with a view to the long-term development of the Ministry of Finance and Industry, and the issuance of the Quality Return Double Action Programme on 5 February, with a view to developing a Quality Return Double Action Programme (Simplified below).
In the course of action, the company developed a five-pronged initiative on focusing on the lithium battery material industry chain, improving innovation development capabilities, upgrading normative performance, perfecting the envelope, and rewarding investors, which is expected to increase the company's intrinsic value and sustain high quality.
The firm will focus firmly on the development strategy of “integration + globalization” and will steadily and continuously deepen the integration of the upstream chain of electrolyte, along with horizontal development.
Businesses such as solid materials, resource loops, and special chemicals, while maintaining the core competitiveness of the company's products, are steadily increasing future profit growth points; in addition, companies are firmly on the road to “internationalization” and the steps taken to build plants abroad will further strengthen their strengths.
Research and development inputs, while maintaining existing technological advantages, are driven by innovation, focusing on cutting-edge technological developments and scientific layouts, and sustaining technological leadership. In addition to the market-leading liquid lithium hexafluorate production process, the company is also above-precedenting the next generation of lithium battery technology core materials.
Research and development, in close collaboration with clients, of a new generation of lithium cell electrolyte and solid lithium battery materials, such as sodium ion batteries, 4680 cylinders, high nickel, high voltage, etc., to capture the green chemistry’s most forward-looking academic companies, using stock buybacks, cash dividends, etc., to reward investors.
A reasonable return on investors' investments is clearly defined in the Shareholder Red Return Plan for the next three years (2023-2025), with accumulated cash in excess of $1.7 billion over the last three years and annual cash in proportion.
"Technology material" (002.009): 2023 performance forecast: "Long-term, stable, sustainable" shareholder value-reward mechanism, sustained and enhanced delivery. "Technology material (002.709); "Thirty-quarter report 2023."
Queries: o3 electrolyte profits hit bottom, market shares bottom of the cycle, and future price recovery is more resilient, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), Toshio Securities Co. Ltd. is already qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.