Leader of the nuclear power industry, reboot of new project approval - China Nuclear Power (601985)
The company is the nuclear power operating platform of the China Nuclear Group, the leader of the nuclear power industry. To date, the company has been operating 15.47 million kW, or 42 per cent of the total nuclear power installed in the country; it is building 87.3 million kW, or 40 per cent of the nuclear power installed in the country. In the first quarter of 2018, the company achieved $8.255 billion in operating revenue.
Nuclear power is a high-yielding and stable source of clean energy that can absorb the basic load of the grid, with clean, efficient, safe and stable features. The benefits of nuclear power are high and stable, with an average Māori rate of 40% and an annual average of hours.
Young Owens is over 7,000 hours long. Nuclear power, as one of the basic loads of the grid, will benefit directly from the recovery of the industry, and the company is expected to achieve full price increases at the revenue end; the company’s cost structure is stable, and future unit costs are expected.
The company will continue to benefit from the re-opening of the new nuclear power project.
As of now, there is a gap of nearly 30 million kilowatts between our nuclear power units and the total capacity of the nuclear units under construction, if the third generation of nuclear power technology is to be validated if it succeeds in commercial transport.
Reboot, the company is expected to benefit on a continuous basis, with 2-4 new units expected to start each year until the end of the 1450s, the company's profitability is expected to improve and the company will continue to benefit if new nuclear power projects are approved and re-opened.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, is a tax-free dealer on the 6th of China's Sichuan Free Trade Experiment.
The China Nuclear Power Company Ltd. was approved by the State Committee of the State Council on 29 December 2011 by China.
China Nuclear Industries Group (hereinafter referred to as the China Nuclear Group) is a nuclear power business platform under the China Nuclear Group's Shanghai Stock Exchange, officially listed in June 2015, and co-sponsored by China Yangjiang San Gorge Group Limited, China Ocean Shipping Group and Space Investment Holdings Limited.
So far, the company has 15.6 billion shares, all of which are in circulation. The company's controlling parent company is the China Nuclear Group, with a 70.40% shareholding, and the company's actual controlling person is the head of the State Property Supervision and Management Board (NSMC) of the State Department, with the largest nuclear power reactor.
The company is the only nuclear power operator in the country. The only nuclear power operator with a nuclear power plant licence plate in the country is the China Nuclear Group, the China-wide Nuclear Group, and the State-involved Power Group, which are controlled by the company and the Chinese-initiated nuclear power plant (1816.hk), which is the only nuclear power operator in the country.
Qinshan I, Qinshan II, Qin San III, Jiangsu, three nuclear power units, Fu Qing, Hainan, Liaoning nuclear power, Sam Ming nuclear power, Taohua River nuclear power, Henan nuclear power, and Qingzhou energy have several nuclear power projects. To date, the company has 1547 million kilowatts of installed units, which make up about the country's nuclear power.
42 per cent of total installed capacity; in construction, the holding capacity amounted to 8.73 million kW, or about 40 per cent of the domestic installed capacity of nuclear power.
Figure 3: The company’s holdings are about 40% of the installed capacity, and the company owns the most abundant nuclear power reactor. In 1991, the company’s Qinshan nuclear power plant was connected to the grid to generate electricity, and for almost 30 years, it was the first self-designed, built nuclear power plant in the country that ended the country.
On the mainland, the company has always followed the path of automatization, in conjunction with the country's nuclear power development arrangements, which have led to the introduction, digestion, absorption and acquisition of a number of core technologies, and has joined forces to build on the country's experience in nuclear power research, design, manufacture, construction and operation for more than three decades.
Building on the advanced concept of an international three-generation nuclear power non-dynamic security, we are jointly developing a three-generation nuclear power technology that meets the most advanced international regulatory standards, the Hualong One, with a fully autonomous intellectual property right. After many years of development, the company now has the most diverse nuclear power technology and the most abundant nuclear reactor.
The cp300, cp600, cp1000, vver-1000, p1000, Hualong I, and the candu-6, among others. The diversity of the stacks enriches the company’s technical experience and avoids, to a certain extent, the co-deficit failure of a single technology.
The company's fleet is operating well. Nuclear power operators rank the nuclear power unit on an annual basis based on performance indicators provided by wano. According to the data, this reflects the operational management water level of each operating nuclear power unit.
In 2017, the Qinshan 1st, Qinsan 2nd, 2nd, 3rd, Fukuk 1 and Tian Wan 1 were the first to compare nuclear power companies around the world.
The Wano (World Association of Nuclear Operators) composite index is ranked first among 400 aircraft worldwide, and the fleet is operating well. According to data published by the China Nuclear Energy Industry Association on the performance of our nuclear power plant, the average utilization rate of company equipment in 2017 was 86.16 per cent, higher than the national average of 5.05 percentage points.
With the exception of Unit 1 of Qinshan III, Unit 3 of Fuku Qing and Unit 1 and Unit 1 of Changjiang due to major repairs and power-reducing requirements, the equipment utilization rate was reduced and the rest of the fleet was higher than the national average.
In terms of installed capacity, companies account for a relatively small share of business income because of wind and photovoltaic operations, so we're mainly analysing the company's nuclear power business. The power produced by the company's nuclear power plants is sold mainly to grid companies, and the nuclear power projects under way will be connected to local grids prior to grid-connected power generation.
Figure 6: Corporate electricity sales are dominated by local provincial power grid companies with high fixed costs and low convertibility of nuclear power, accounting for the highest depreciation in terms of cost. In general, nuclear power has higher inputs during construction and lower inputs during operation. Similar to hydropower, the cost of nuclear power is mainly depreciated.
Fuel costs have less impact on costs. Generally, in the composition of company costs, depreciation and spent fuel reprocessing costs account for about 45-50 per cent of operating costs, repair costs, labour costs of about 20-25 per cent, and nuclear fuel costs of about 20-25 per cent. Nuclear power generation costs are lower compared to electricity.
The high fixed costs and low transformations have also stabilized the company's annual electricity costs at around 0.2 yuan/kWh in 2017, and the company's electricity consumption costs have been only 0.20 kWh/kWh. The capacity and power generation have been growing steadily.
Merchant transport of Unit 1 of the NCPN and Unit 1 of the NPPNNNNN: commercial transport of Unit 2 of the NCP, Unit 2 of the FONJAN Nuclear Power Station and Unit 1 of the Changjiang Nuclear Power Station in 2015; Unit 3 of the NPP and Unit 2 of the Changjiang Nuclear Power Station in 2016; Unit 4 of the Fuking Nuclear Power Station in 2017
In February 2018, unit 3 of the Tanagawa nuclear power station was successfully commercialized, unit 1 of the three nuclear power stations and unit 4 of the Tanagawa nuclear power station is expected to be commercial this year. Based on the current construction of the unit, the company’s installed capacity is expected to continue to grow steadily every year for the next three years.
Power generation grew steadily, with companies achieving 10,747 million kilowatt-hours in 2017, an increase of percentage points. In the first quarter of 2018, companies achieved $8,255 million in operating income, an increase of 3.23 per cent; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies amounted to $1,219 million, a decrease of 0.63 per cent in the same year, and a decline in performance in the first quarter.
The main reason for this is the concentration of machine inspections, and, secondly, the high and stable returns on nuclear power operations, which are expected to improve the profitability of companies, is the high and stable returns on nuclear power operations.
The nuclear power plant uses the energy released from nuclear fission in a nuclear reactor. The nuclear fission reaction produces heat in the pressure vessels of the nuclear power plant, the reactor coolant converts to high-temperature fluids by absorbing the heat, the temperature coolant changes to the water in the steam generator and then returns to the pressure vessel, which is driven by the main pump.
The cycle is called a loop. When water absorbs heat, it generates steam, which drives the engine to generate power, and then the steam that works is converted into water by condenser and then returned to the steam generator, which is called a second circuit. The difference between nuclear power and conventional power stations is only entry.
Fuel produces thermal energy, while nuclear power plants generate thermal energy through fission of uranium nuclear fuel.The main factors that influence the level of profitability in the nuclear power industry, according to the characteristics of nuclear power operation, include the following: price of electricity on the Internet, quantity of electricity (hours of equipment use), engineering price, interest rate, exchange rate, cost of nuclear fuel, labour cost, counting.
The most important factors affecting their income are the amount of electricity generated (the equipment used at a small time) and the price of electricity on the Internet, and the most important factors affecting their cost are depreciation, labour and fuel costs, etc. Nuclear power equipment is ranked first in the number of hours used.
Nuclear fuel and overhaul, which can be used for long periods of steady operation compared to other sources of energy. At the same time, nuclear power sheets, with a large capacity of up to 1.8 million kilowatts, are the ideal source for the basic load of the grid. 7108 hours of nuclear power per year, according to the 2017 electricity industry statistics published by the China-China ITU.
Hours are the highest of all types of power generation, far higher than the average number of hours used for power generation equipment (3786) and the average number of hours used by the company ' s nuclear unit in 2017 was 746.2 hours, an increase of 90 hours compared to 2016, which is higher than the industry average.
The price of electricity on the nuclear grid is equal to that of electricity on fire. The company price can be divided into the price of electricity on the poles and the price of electricity traded on the market. For the price of electricity on the market, it is currently mainly based on market-based negotiations between the supply and demand sides. For the price of electricity on the Internet on the nuclear poles, according to the National Development Reform Commission ' s report on improving access to the Internet on the use of nuclear power.
Notification of issues related to the pricing mechanism. The nuclear power unit that became operational after 1 January 2013 introduced a grid price policy for the poles, with a price set at 0.43/kWh for the poles online; a new nuclear power unit in the area where the coal-fired unit is located with a price higher than that for the nuclear power plant (including devulcanization, denitrification)
Post-partum implementation of Internet access prices for local coal-fired unit poles; areas where national Internet access prices for nuclear poles are lower than those for nuclear units; areas where coal-fired unit poles are located; and areas where the introduction of nuclear power technologies, autonomous innovation, and the nationalization of major specialized equipment, or the first nuclear unit or demonstration works, can be implemented nationally.
The price of the power poles was increased on an appropriate basis; the cost of access to the nuclear power units that had been installed before 1 January 2013 remained as originally stipulated. Overall, the price of access to the nuclear power grid was equal to the price of fire power and higher than the cost of utilities.
In comparison, the cost of Internet access is slightly lower in Zhejiang province, slightly higher in Jiangsu province and comparable in Fujian and Hainan province (the cost of Internet access is projected to be 0.43/kWh). The company’s cost structure is stable and is expected to decline gradually in the future.
Fuel and other raw materials account for 24%, labour costs for 10%, and transportation costs for 14%. The human and transport costs are closely related to the size of the fleet and are relatively fixed and relatively small, and therefore have limited impact on the company’s costs. Depreciation is the highest percentage of the company’s costs, with companies operating nuclear power plants.
The depreciation of fixed assets in the group is 5-30 years, while the second generation nuclear units are functional for 60 years, the third generation nuclear units are designed for 60 years, and the normal operating life is expected to be higher. After the depreciation has been completed, the company’s costs are expected to decrease significantly. Fuel and other raw materials account for the second largest share of the cost, with the company’s nuclear fuel being the largest.
The cost of processing fuel assemblies is fixed, while natural uranium purchases are generally contracted on a long-term basis, prices are less volatile and international natural uranium prices have been low in recent years. Overall, the company’s cost structure is stable, and over time, if all types of equipment continue to rotate over time.
The cost of generating electricity per unit of the company will gradually decline, and nuclear power operations will yield high and stable revenues. The cost of nuclear power access will be higher and the cost of nuclear power will continue to be higher in the future, benefiting from higher prices and higher hours of use of equipment.
In the first quarter of the year, the company sold 44.86 per cent and the net interest rate on sales was 26.44 per cent. 2.2 The industry has recovered and is expected to improve its profitability.
Power supply and demand imbalances continue to subside, and the hours spent on nuclear power equipment are expected to continue to rise. In 2017, benefits from the rapid growth of electricity consumption across the community and the slower rate of power-loading, with the national electricity-generation equipment actually falling back in number of hours. The number of hours spent on electricity-generation equipment during the year was 3785.78, an increase of 0.78 compared with the increase in nuclear power;
The number of hours used for electrical equipment has also risen to a similar level, with a cumulative annual utilization of 7107.94 hours, an increase of 65.94 hours compared with the previous year. In January-May 2018, the overall public electricity use increased by 9.7 per cent over the same period, increasing by 3.4 percentage points compared with the previous year, maintaining a faster increase in electricity use; and power generation at power plants above 6,000 kilowatts.
The reserve capacity increased by 6.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a 1.3 percentage point increase compared to the same period the previous year, and the rate of increase in power installed continued to slow; the number of hours spent on power generation equipment nationwide was 1539, an increase of 61 hours compared to the same period; the average number of hours spent on nuclear power throughout the country was 2915 hours, an increase of 99 hours compared to the same period the previous year.
The demand for additional electricity generated by heating, high summer temperatures and the “coal conversion” policy, as well as the impact of lower prices for electricity in general, is expected to continue to grow faster for the whole of society; and as the power supply side changes and the power load slows down, the power load will continue to slow, and the power supply and demand will be imbalanced.
It is expected that this will continue to be alleviated, with a significant increase in the number of hours spent on power generation throughout the country. Nuclear power, as one of the basic loads of the grid, is also expected to increase significantly in the number of hours used.
Figure 24: 6.1 per cent increase in the capacity of power generation equipment in May in the four provinces of Zhejiang, Fujian, Jiangsu and Hainan, where the share of electricity generation in 2017 was 50.7 per cent, 17.2 per cent, 7.4 per cent and 24.7 per cent, respectively.
The growth rate is higher than the national average, and Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Fujian are among the economic provinces, with electricity consumption increasing by 10.6 per cent, 9.3 per cent, 13.0 per cent, 9.9 per cent and 9.9 per cent, respectively, during the month, the future consumption of the company's fleet in the provinces is expected to continue as the economy recovers at a faster rate than the national electricity imbalance.
With rapid growth, the company’s fleet is expected to remain at a high level in the long run. Policy escorts, nuclear power is expected to be used as a priority.
The National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Authority, in their Basic Rules for Medium- and Long-term Trade in Electricity (Temporary), have defined nuclear power as a category II priority, followed by wind power, solar energy, gas power and regulation.
In addition, in February 2017, the National Development Reform Commission and the National Energy Authority issued the Interim Measures for Guaranteeing Nuclear Power Security, which state that “the safe, secure and secure access to the Internet, and the safe use of nuclear power” should be observed.
The basic principle of barrier-free power generation, balancing benefits, is to prioritize the generation of nuclear power units. First, it is clear that grid companies will ensure that nuclear power projects are synchronized and that grid-connected services will be provided in a timely manner; and second, it is clear that nuclear power plants guarantee the use of hours and guarantee the implementation of nuclear power plant poles.
The number of hours spent on nuclear power is expected to increase if the system is implemented.
The plan is defined as two types of area, where the supply of and demand for electricity are balanced, the nuclear power unit should be set for annual planned power levels in accordance with full power generation capacity; in the case of excess power, the guaranteed utilization hours of the nuclear power unit should be determined using a certain number of times the average number of hours used in the previous year's local power level (average of nuclear power in the first three years of the country)
The number of hours used/average number of hours spent on electricity generation in the first three years of the country; the multiplier range is 1.5-1.8 times. The number of hours used in 2015-2017 is 1.87 and the number of hours used is 1.8 if stipulated in the multiplier range.
When measured and compared with the company's crew, it can be observed that the average number of hours used by the units in Fujian, Jiangsu and Hainan is expected to increase by 748, 62, and 1,343 hours, respectively.
Coal consumption is calculated on the basis of 311 g/kWh, with an average price increase of 0.37 kWh/kWh for national coal-fired power plants and 0.85 kWh/kWh for solar-fired electricity connections.
On average, the price of electricity on the grid is expected to increase by 4.07 minutes per kilowatt hour. In Jiangsu and Fujian provinces, where the company's crew is located, there is a possibility that coal-fired units will increase the price of electricity on the grid, taking into account the new approved plant poles, which will be equal to, or less than, the local coal-fired power plant, which is currently in a low position to access the grid.
The price of electricity will support the price of nuclear power. The price of electricity traded on the market has been rising steadily. Since the start of the new power revolution, the amount of electricity traded on the national electricity market has increased from 300 billion kilowatt hours in 2014 to about 1.6 trillion kilowatt hours in 2017.
The share of electricity has increased from 7% to 25%. The main reason for this is that market-based electricity prices are lower than those planned for Internet access. First, in market-based trading entities, the number of side-loads of electricity generated is greater than the number of side-loads used, and the supply is higher than the demand and the price of traded electricity is lower. Currently, the market-based access threshold for power generation is lower, generally.
For the sake of the power transfer unit, the power side needs to reach a certain level of power use by business users, such as industrial users in Guangdong province, who use more than 80 million kilowatts per year, or commercial users in excess of 50 million kilowatts per year, who are identified as large users and can be directly involved in market transactions. Second, electricity supply and demand are generally relaxed, generating electricity.
On the other hand, there is a tendency to lower electricity prices in order to increase electricity production, known as “luxury multi-marketing”. The Guangdong provincial market, which has a high degree of marketization of electricity, can see a clear upward trend in the price of tradable electricity, with a margin of about -145.5 dw/kW in February 2017 and a narrow trade price of -41.05 dw/kWh as of March 2018.
At the same time, according to data published by the Union, in the first quarter of 2018, the average electricity price for coal electricity marketed transactions was 0.3307/kWh, up 5.9 per cent from the same time, while the average electricity price for hydropower marketed transactions was 0.2344/kWh, up 1.9 per cent from the same date, and we believe that the conditions of access to the user side were gradually liberalized, as well as electricity.
The supply-demand relationship has gradually improved, and market-based trade prices are expected to continue to rise. In 2017, the company marketed 19.8 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh), accounting for 21 per cent of the total year ' s electricity generation, while the expected share of electricity market transactions in 2018 is projected to increase the price of coal and hydropower marketed electricity.
2.3. The company enjoys the advantage of the entire industrial chain of nuclear power from the China Nuclear Group. The nuclear group is the only group with a complete nuclear technology industrial system. The China Nuclear Group is a major State-owned and centrally managed enterprise, organized with the approval of the State Council and with more than 100 companies.
Establishments and scientific research institutes. Research, construction and production, mainly in the fields of nuclear engineering, nuclear power, the nuclear fuel cycle, nuclear technology applications, nuclear environmental engineering.
Nuclear power operation technology service providers and nuclear power plant exporters are the backbone of domestic nuclear fuel cycle exclusive suppliers, nuclear environmental engineering, and nuclear technology applications. The industry is currently divided into eight main panels, the company being the listed platform for the nuclear power industry of the China Nuclear Group, which, in addition to the company, has Chinese nuclear technology and Chinese nuclear power under its flag.
Internationally, the Orientian industry is listed in a and h shares, and integration is under way, with the China Nuclear Group operating through the entire nuclear power chain. Depending on the characteristics of nuclear power, we can divide the industrial chain into upper-middle-down, upstream, including mainly the nuclear fuel cycle, and midstream, including mainly nuclear power plants.
Construction and equipment manufacturing, mainly downstream, includes operation of nuclear power plants and decommissioning of nuclear facilities. China’s nuclear group operations have covered the nuclear fuel cycle, equipment manufacturing, power plant engineering and operation, and decommissioning.
Service provider, China Nuclear State Uranium Enrichment Co. Ltd. and China Nuclear Xi Uranium Enrichment Co. Ltd. are responsible for uranium conversion, enrichment operations, China Nuclear Nuclear Fuel Component Co. Ltd. and China Nuclear & China Fuel Component Co. Ltd. are responsible for nuclear fuel fabrication operations; in nuclear power plant engineering, under the banner China Nuclear Power Engineering Co. Ltd. and China China
The former Foreign Engineering Company Ltd. was responsible for the general contracting of nuclear power works at home and abroad, respectively, and the China Institute of Nuclear Power Research and Design was responsible for the design of nuclear power plants; of these, on 31 January 2018, the China Nuclear Group and the China Nuclear Industry Construction Group Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the China Nuclear Construction Group”) received approval from the State Council for a programme of restructuring.
As a rule, the China Nuclear Group as a whole has been transferred pro bono to the China Nuclear Group, where the entire nuclear group operates through the entire chain of nuclear power industries of the China Nuclear Group. All nuclear power projects under the company’s umbrella, under construction, and planned will benefit. The China Nuclear Group specializes in the production, import and export of nuclear fuel, uranium products, and nuclear energy.
The company will have a greater advantage than other companies in nuclear fuel procurement. The company is building nuclear power plants in large numbers, with the involvement of the China Nuclear Group. After its integration into the China Nuclear Group, the external interface for the project will be significantly reduced, and the economic and safety aspects of the project will be enhanced.
A large number of nuclear power technology research and development companies, the company’s future planned nuclear power units, will gain pre-emptive technological advantages and are expected to dominate the project’s approval. Overall, the company, as a nuclear power platform for China’s nuclear power industry, is an important link in the nuclear power industry chain of China’s nuclear power industry, and will enjoy the advantage of the entire industry chain.
3. 3.1. Nuclear power is a high-quality clean energy source. Nuclear power stations produce only a small amount of radioactive waste in their operation, and
Strictly controlled under national regulations does not have a significant impact on the environment and does not produce greenhouse gases such as tons, 26,000 tons of sulphur dioxide, and 14 million tons of nitrogen oxides, with significant clean-up advantages. When considering the construction and fuel cycle links, nuclear power can produce a small amount of emissions, which, in terms of the whole life cycle, are greenhouse gases.
The amount of conventional waste from a nuclear power plant is, according to authoritative data, 0.5% - 4.0% of the equivalent size of a fire power plant. It is also a ton of coal completely burned out of the energy. A million kilowatt-class nuclear power plant, on average, needs to be replenished every year.
Twenty-five tons of nuclear fuel, with just a few trucks to transport throughout the year, while coal-fired power stations consume up to 3 million tons of coal per year, require nearly 100 tons of coal per day, and require hundreds of locomotives per day, resulting in relatively low levels of nuclear power generation in the country, with much room for improvement. According to the data published by Iaea and bp,
Global nuclear power generation in 2016 averaged about 16%, while our nuclear power generation in 2016 was about 3.6%, well below the global average, and far behind the global average. The difference between the world’s leading countries is clear, and there is still much room for improvement. Among these, the U.S., Korea, and Russia have a different share of nuclear power generation.
At 20%, 30%, and 17%, France has the highest ratio of nuclear power generation to 72%. Before the Fukushima accident in Japan, the amount of nuclear power generation was 30%, and after the Fukushima accident, most nuclear power units were shut down, reducing the proportion of nuclear power generation to 2%.
Third generation nuclear power is the main direction of nuclear power development. Worldwide, third generation nuclear power technology is one of the main directions of future world nuclear power development, and until the fourth generation of nuclear power technology is validated, the new generation will be dominated by the third generation.
We are building 19 of these units and 10 of the third generation. Third generation nuclear power is more secure and economical than second generation nuclear power. Third generation nuclear power technology follows the latest International Atomic Energy Agency nuclear safety standards.
One level of quantity: while the design of the third generation of nuclear power plants employed a great deal of mature technology and engineering experience that effectively reduced the cost of construction and construction and maintenance, we have mastered the core technology of the third generation of nuclear power. After more than 40 years of development, nuclear power has never been built.
In addition, a number of second-generation nuclear power units have been successfully built along the sea, creating a second-generation nuclear power technology with autonomous intellectual property rights.
The China Nuclear Group and the China-China Nuclear Group have developed autonomously the third generation of nuclear power technology, the Hualong I (hpr 1000), while the National Electro-Injection Group has developed an autonomous cap 1400 technology of intellectual property by completing technology transfer of the third generation of nuclear power technology of the United States, and we now have the core technology of the third generation of nuclear power.
Ap1000: Inactive Advanced Voltage Reactors developed by Western House Electric Co., led by the National Department of Nuclear Technology, introduce modular design and construction techniques to reduce the complexity of power plants by installing non-dynamic systems and improve safety levels at the same time. The Zhejiang Three Nuclear Power Stations, Unit 1, 2 and Mountain are in the process of being built.
Unit 1 and 2 of the East Sea Yang power station uses ap1000 technology. hpr1000: the China Nuclear Group and the China-China Nuclear Group, based on feedback from the Fukushima nuclear accident, develop autonomously and develop safe, reliable and economically advanced million-kW-grade water-pressure reactors using kinetic and non-dynamic combinations.
In the construction of this unit, the Hpr 1000 technology is being used in units 5 and 6 of Fujian Fuqing, 3 and 4 of Guangxi City Bay. Cap 1400: The National Electro-Injection Group has been introduced in conjunction with the ap1000 technology, based on existing research on nuclear power.
The development of nuclear power plants with autonomous intellectual property rights and a higher power of advanced non-dynamic water pressure reactors. Cap 1400, one of the 16 national technology-specific projects identified in the National Medium- and Long-term Science and Technology Development Plan (2006-2020), is now ready for implementation.
In addition, two aircraft using the pr technology are under construction in Guangdong Hills. The pr is a new generation of improved water presses, developed jointly by the French department of Ahérène and the German company Siemens, with emphasis on prevention and mitigation measures for serious accidents, with the introduction of double-layered security shells, the installation of safe houses, physical isolation.
We built two nuclear power plants in Qinshan and Daya Bay during the Eighth Five-Year Plan, breaking the history of nuclear-free power in mainland China. During the Ninth Five-Year Plan, we addressed the country's demand for electricity, as well as its demand for electricity.
The imbalance in the distribution of energy raises the question of “appropriate development of nuclear power” and plans for appropriate construction of nuclear power plants in coastal and economically developed areas. During the “XV” period, there was no major change in the approach to nuclear power development, suggesting “appropriate development of nuclear power”. During the “XI-5” period, the international community was increasingly engaged in a global warming situation.
In view of greenhouse gas emissions and the fact that nuclear power does not contribute to atmospheric pollution and that our nuclear power plants are operating well, the country has developed a “positive push for nuclear power” approach, and nuclear power has come to a climax. During the Tenth and Fifth Years, there was a serious nuclear accident at the Fukushima nuclear power plant in Japan, while our nuclear power development slowed down.
Proposing “the efficient development of nuclear power on a secure basis” and stating for the first time in the Nuclear Power Medium- and Long-Term Development Plan (2011-2020) that new nuclear power units must meet three-generation safety standards. During the 13th Five-Year Plan, safety remained the primary factor in nuclear power development, and it was proposed that “the coastal nuclear belt should be the focus of security and build from it.
Several policies promote nuclear power development. In order to achieve the target of 15% of primary energy consumption by 2020, the State has adopted the 13th Plan for Energy Development and the 13th Plan for Electricity Development.
The National Energy Agency has provided specific guidance on nuclear power development in its energy work guidance for 2018, in the context of our accelerated green energy development and the safe and efficient development of nuclear power.
The approach has been changed to “soundly advanced nuclear power development” with a proposal to start a series of advanced three-generation nuclear power projects in coastal areas on the basis of well-documented assessments. Planning for nuclear power has not changed, and guidelines for the development of nuclear power have been changed from “safe development” to “safe progress”.
A positive change in attitude has laid the groundwork for a follow-up on the approval of new projects. 3.2. Third-generation air transport, approval of new nuclear power projects is expected to accelerate. Energy demand and safety of nuclear power are major factors in the development of nuclear power.
See, nuclear power development is mainly related to energy demand and nuclear power security. In the 1960’s and 1970’s, the world’s oil crisis prompted countries to look for new alternative sources of energy, and nuclear power, as a high-quality base charge power source, was undoubtedly the best option, with nuclear power leading to the first round of major developments.
In the early twenty-first century, the nuclear power safety industry, based on mature second-generation nuclear power technologies, continued to improve, nuclear power security was re-recognized, and global warming led to problems.
In the wake of the Fukushima nuclear accident in Japan, there has been a global debate and concern about the safety of nuclear power. The world’s nuclear power development has shown a new pattern of progress and decline, but the whole has returned to a low point. In general, the development of nuclear power has been dominated by the demand for high-quality clean energy.
The need for high-quality clean energy is even more pressing, and nuclear power is the ideal alternative to electricity. The current global energy structure is undergoing a transformation, with rising oil and coal prices and global warming demanding a reduction in fossil energy.
In the future, the share of new energy sources, such as wind power and solar energy, will gradually increase, which will require simultaneous upgrading of the base charge power supply. But the share of electric power is expected to continue to decline, while hydropower, due to natural constraints, has also been gradually slowing down, and nuclear power is the only source that can absorb the basic load of the grid, in addition to electricity and electricity.
Nuclear power safety will be validated. Work began in 2009 on the first unit of the Taiwan nuclear power plant, which was installed on April 10, 2018, and is the first three-generation nuclear power plant to be equipped.
The first critical mass has now been reached; on April 25, the three nuclear power plants with a technology of ap1000 have also been approved for loading, which has now reached the first critical level and is expected to be commercialized in the second half of this year, based on normal progress; and on June 20, the second unit of ap1000 has been approved for loading.
The two main drivers of nuclear power development are already in place, and the new project approvals are expected to be in place. Nuclear power, as a clean energy source of good quality, is an inevitable option for the current energy transition, with third place.
We are also actively promoting the restructuring of the nuclear power sector, such as the China Nuclear Group and China Nuclear Construction Group, and the restructuring to further enhance the technological and synergistic capabilities of the industrial chain through a strong alliance model.
Nuclear power security. So far, the new units that we've been building are all third-generation units, and due to sound considerations, the approval of new projects was prudent before the third-generation crew landed, which led to the lower than expected approval of nuclear power in 2016 and 2017.
We believe that the ap1000 project and the Hpr1000 unit have been successfully shipped to the site; because the Hpr1000 unit currently under construction is well under way, the new Hpr1000 unit is expected to be approved before the demonstration.
In order to complete the plan, six to eight new units will have to be approved each year for the next three years. To date, 38 units have been delivered, amounting to approximately 36.9 million kilowatts, and 19 units are under construction, amounting to approximately 21 million kilowatts. The 19 units under construction are expected to be operational between 2018 and 2022, and are expected to be on board by 2020.
A total of 52 million kilowatts, not much less than the 58 million kilowatts required in the plan. For the currently approved fleet, only about 6 million kilowatts are being built by 2020, which is the 30 million kilowatts required in the plan.
Figure 43: Distribution of nuclear power units in transit and under construction in the country. 3.3. The project is rich in reserves, the company will grow in space in the future, the construction project will continue, and the company will have a combined capacity growth rate of 12% over the next four years.
The holding unit is in the process of building 873,000 kilowatts, including three generations of nuclear power units: second generation, third generation, and fourth generation. Of these, Unit 4 and Unit 1 are expected to be operational in 2018, with an additional capacity of 237.6 kilowatts expected to be added to Unit 3 in 2019.
The unit is expected to be operational, with an additional capacity of 2.25 million kilowatts expected to be installed; Unit 6 in Tee Bay, Fukuking 6, in 2021, with an additional capacity of 2.25 million kilowatts expected to be installed; and the fast reactor in Haura in 2022, with an additional capacity of 600,000 kilowatts expected to be installed.
The nuclear power plant site is scarce and the company's reserves are abundant. It is more demanding than any other type of power source to ensure nuclear safety in operation, including natural conditions.
Regulations issued by the National Energy Agency on the protection of the environment from radiation from nuclear power plants, safety requirements for nuclear power plant site selection, etc., meet the requirements for hydrology, earthquakes, meteorology, regional location (population, transport, power load, etc.), so that the site of nuclear power plants is quite scarce. The company values the development of new nuclear power projects and site protection, storage, etc.
A large number of development sites, including coastal and inland, have been agreed to by the National Development Commission and are in the process of working ahead. In the Medium- and Long-term Development Plan for Nuclear Power (2011-2020), the country suspended the approval of inland nuclear power. In March 2017, the Director of the National Energy Agency, Nur Bekley, was in the public domain.
On the occasion, it was made clear that there was no clear timetable for inland nuclear power approval during the 13th Five-Year Plan, but that there was a need for site protection. We believe that, as there are a number of projects on the coastal site awaiting approval, nuclear power projects in inland nuclear power review have been approved, while many projects approved by companies for prior work are moving forward quickly.
These projects, which include Xu Da Fort Nuclear Power Phase, Xiangzhou Nuclear Power Phase, Changjiang Nuclear Power Phase II, and three Nuclear Power Phase II, are ready for start-up. Without consideration of inland nuclear power, if nuclear power is re-opened, the above-mentioned projects are expected to be approved first, estimated on the basis of a five-year nuclear power project construction period, with new approvals from 2023 onwards.
It will reach 38.7 million kilowatts, which will be 2.5 times the company’s current installed capacity, and the company’s potential to grow up in the future. 3.4. Multiple nuclear reactors go hand in hand, and it is hoped that new growth points will be created.
The pilot Xia Pu demonstration fast reactor was approved for start-up, with a single capacity of 600,000 kW. The unit was the company's first nuclear power unit of the fourth generation and the first nuclear power unit of the country to be allowed to start work in two years. The short term "quick neutron reactor" is the first reactor in the world's fourth generation advanced nuclear power system, and it was adopted.
A closed cycle of nuclear fuel can increase the use of more than 60% of uranium. Of natural uranium, only 0.714% of uranium-235 can be used in the highest number of thermal neutron reactors currently transported, and the use of fast reactors will significantly increase energy efficiency.
In July 2011, China’s nuclear group successfully built and built a Chinese experimental fast reactor to generate electricity, and in May 2012, the Ministry of Science and Technology announced that we had a full mastery of fast-load technology. In October 2014, the company’s master plan for demonstration fast-loading projects was approved by the state, and 31 July 2015
On that day, the excavation work was under way and was scheduled to be completed in 2023. The fast reactor is an important step in our nuclear energy development strategy – the thermal neutron reactor, the fast neutron breeder reactor, the controlled nuclear fusion reactor – which has a prominent role to play and is promising for the future.
Figure 46: Towards the end of 2017, Xiaura demonstrated the start of the fast reactor, Figure 45: The fast neutron reactor principles, working with Tara Energy to develop a wave reactor. The wave reactor is an improved small fast neutron reactor.
It meets the requirements of the fourth generation of nuclear power technology and safety standards. Compared to other fourth generation nuclear power technologies, the U.S. Nuclear Group and the Tara Energy Company issued a press release on 23 September of this year stating that the China Nuclear Group and the Tara Energy Company are officially using more than 90% of the U.S. fleet, with the advantages of high U.S. resource utilization and low levels of spent fuel production.
A memorandum of understanding was signed to cooperate in the development of the next generation of nuclear power plants, proposing joint research and development and promoting the landing of waves.The company issued an announcement on September 12, 2017 stating that it was going to establish a joint venture with the Sino-China Nuclear Power Plants (Tianjin) Ltd., with company funding.
The establishment of the new company will facilitate the development and application of nuclear power plant technology. At the same time, the company has issued an announcement that it is going to establish a joint venture with the Sino-Chinese Group, Hwa Futeng, Zhe Eu-Gian, and the China-Nu River-North Technology Investment (Tianjin) Company Ltd.
Nuclear Power Ltd., which spends $262.5 million and 350 million, respectively, on both new companies, accounting for 35% of the shares of both companies.
Small reactors will promote new trends in nuclear power applications. The International Atomic Energy Agency divides reactors into large, medium and small, with a rated capacity greater than 700 mw and 300 mw, respectively.
Small reactors can be divided into two types: road-based and sea-based, usually based on modular design, which is compact and easy to install and move; less powerful, with a lower level of radioactivity and a lower demand for cooling water, and longer periods of reloading.
Natural disasters and man-made risks can be reduced and safer. As a result of these advantages, small reactors have a greater number of applications, road-based small reactors can provide electricity for remote areas, gas for urban industrial parks, water for sea-based small reactors, energy for ocean development, etc.
The China Nuclear Group has developed multi-purpose small-scale modular reactor acp100 since 2004, and in October 2015, the British Lau class announced its association with the China Nuclear Group.
China's Nuclear Power Research and Design Institute signed a framework agreement to jointly design and develop a small-scale nuclear counter-attack that floats at sea. In April of this year, China became the first ever autonomously designed, autonomously developed and developed small piles of technology that have passed the International Atomic Energy Agency's safety review, with the endorsement of international authorities.
In 2011, the China Nuclear Group and the China State Power Corporation jointly financed the establishment of the China Nuclear and New Energy Limited Department, which specializes in the development, promotion, investment, and management of small modular reactors. At present, the Hainan Chang Jiangacp 100 demonstration project has been approved by the National Development and Reform Commission to begin the pre-implementation process and is expected to lead the way.
In addition, China Nuclear New Energy has signed contracts with Gansuland, Hunan-Shangyang, Fujian-Kianda, Jiangxikan, etc. ... plans to build an acp-100 unit, and to set up a specialized company to speed up the operation of marine nuclear power.