High growth in performance, focus on new RF models, high performance growth (300782.sz), focus on new RF models, maintain a “buy-in” rating
On 21 October 2021, the company issued a circular for the three-quarters of 2021, and in the first three quarters of 2021, the company achieved a full-scale, technology-intensive top-down of 34.84, recommending that a “buy-in” rating be maintained by focusing on progress in the import of new products from the company's launch end, progress in self-building lines and changes in the pattern of competition at the front end of the domestic radio frequency.
• The product is continuously upgraded, with a focus on self-built production lines and progress in the import of new radio frequency models. The company’s radio front-end diversified layout is initially covered. On the receiving end, the company’s layout is better, with products including fem, linabank, difem, and wififem. On the launch end, 2021h1.
Successful roll-out of the main launch end module product, l-pamif, used in the 5gnr band, incorporated mainly by gaaspa, radio frequency switches, inna, and ipd filters, with signal reception and launch functions, and is gradually importing customers, suggesting that the focus be on customer import progress.
Production capacity can also be secured. The Crawford Semiconductor Industrial Development Project, the company's production line for filter production and radio frequency module encapsulation testing, was successfully capped at the end of June 2021 and is currently in the process of finishing the work of the civil builders of the main structure, the installation of mechanical and electrical units, the construction of cleaner rooms, etc., is well under way, and the process is about to be completed.
At the same time, the company plans to start operating by the end of the year.
Radio frequency module to launch end 2021.8.24 Personnel with manufacturing management experience are gradually in place, technological strength is further enhanced, and more competitive types of products are expected to be introduced in the future.
The market position is expected to strengthen further. According to qytreatyresearchcenter, expansion continues to increase performance. 2021.4.2 The global radio front-end market size is expected to be 17% cagr from 2019 to 2023 and 31.3 billion in 2023.
The company ' s first coverage report - domestic radio-frequency chips (RF chips) US$, with full product layout and full growth potential in the context of high industry-scale growth.