The third quarter of 2021 reported a steady advance in the industrial chain layout, a radio frequency module to build a new growth engine.
▪ Continuous penetration of radio frequency products on the client side and continued optimization of the product structure: the company ' s performance in the first three quarters of 2021 was in line with market expectations, the performance growth was mainly due to the development of 5g communications technology and the company ' s forward-looking product layout, and continued penetration of the company ' s radio frequency module products in the end-user.
A steady upswing in strength was achieved, mainly as a result of the company ' s product type, the cross-cutting inventory of 1,159 million yuan, yoy+183 per cent of the year ' s radio frequency module. The radio frequency module has made a significant breakthrough in building a completely new growth engine: the company received the end-of-the-life radio frequency module product pattern.
In 2021, the company launched its 5gldifem product, which is now partially produced by its customers. At the same time, the company continues to enrich the application of the 5gnlfem product mix, and the company receives the full application of the end-of-end radio frequency module product coverage end-of-end to meet the application landscape.
In the field of the front end of the radio frequency, the company completed a variety of product layouts, and the product type successfully extended from a separate device to a receiving end radio frequency module, and further expanded to the launch end radio frequency module area. In 2021, the company successfully launched the launch of the 5gnr main collection.
The module product, l-pamif, has begun to be replicated, with the promise of maximizing the synergies of the company’s products, building a comprehensive and differentiated competitive advantage. In addition, companies are developing products that are fully wifi6e connected and continuously exploring wider market space.
1. Cheuk Shwe (300782); 2021  Steadyly boosted the overall layout of radio frequency products, continuously reinforcing the lead: company radio frequency filters in saw semi-annual reviews: diversified layouts are working
The crystal-crystal manufacturing/containment chain of the wavers/modules has been actively extended, and the main structure of the chip project is 2021, and the radio frequency module has been built into a completely new growth engine.
The construction work is being completed, and the installation of electrical and mechanical units, cleaning rooms, etc., is proceeding in an orderly manner, and will soon be completed. 2021-08-27.
Bi-annual performance forecast: diversity sheet
The company is moving forward with forward-looking research and development, benefiting from the need for radio-frequency chips, fast-changing products, significant cost advantages and continued strengthening in the field of the front end of the radio frequency.
2021-07-13 Leadership, as the 5g market accelerates the process of national production replacement of magnification and radio-frequency chips, public 3, Chewie (300782); 2021
Quarterly review: Radio frequency surge  Profit forecast and investment rating: we maintain the 2021-2023 net profit forecast for the company, taking into account the company ' s strong lead in the domestic radio frequency chip market, the relevant product categories and breakdowns
To maintain the “buy-in” rating with the prospect of continued market expansion, Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has an investment advisory committee on securities