At both ends of the 18-year-old deficit, the Shanghai Bank has shown positive improvements, the asset end has benefited from faster lending and higher pricing levels, the end end of the liability has benefited from the easing of structural adjustment pressures and the interest rate on funds.
The positive changes at both ends of the scale have contributed to a significant improvement in the company’s fundamentals.  The improvements in the fundamentals have been remarkable, the valuation value ratio has been prominent. Positive changes: credit volumes have risen and asset end rates of return have gone up.
Largely tilted towards credit assets, the loan ring grew by almost 8% at the end of the quarter compared to the beginning of the year, while companies continued to reduce the scale of investment in low-yielding assets and bonds in the first quarter. On the other hand, tight controls were placed on the pricing of new loans and the heavy pricing of mature loans, driving asset end volumes.
The price rises. According to our calculations, the rate of return on interest-bearing assets of the Shanghai Bank improved in the first quarter of 18 years, believing that the Bank ' s assets end would continue to be tilted towards credit assets, subject to structural excellence and price-fixing, with an expected improvement in asset-end rates of return over the year at 30-40bp.
Reconciling pressure: optimized debt structure and cost-enhancing pressures eased. In 2017, the Shanghai Bank faced structural adjustment and upward cost pressure on its liabilities against a background of tight corporate regulations and rising market capital interest rates, which led to a sharp contraction of the company’s 17-year interest margin.
Improved market liquidity, a steady decline in interest rates in financial markets, and an end-out of corporate liabilities Quality of assets: poor ratings, better asset quality than peers.
In the context of a slowdown in bad production, the provision is expected to become a three-month average turnover in the corporate sector (millions of yuan)
Shanghai United Investment Co. Ltd., a company with an 18-year margin superior to that of a colleague, with a high value for money ratio at the current valuation level, maintains the company's “Small and Silver International Securities Inc.”
Positive change: credit volume rises and asset end rate of return rises.
The Shanghai Bank has taken full account of the changes in the credit market environment, with 18 years of loan pricing management as one of the priorities of this year ' s industry-wide work, with an increase in asset-side bias towards credit assets, an increase of nearly 8 per cent at the end of the quarter compared to the beginning of the year, and an increase of upswing in the industry, while companies continued to de-escalate their investments in low-yielding assets and bonds during the first quarter, leading to an optimization of the asset structure.
On the other hand, strict control over the pricing of new loans and the heavy pricing of mature loans drives asset end-to-end prices up. According to our calculations, in the following quarter of the year, we believe that Shanghai Bank assets will continue to be tilted towards credit assets, subject to structural optimization and pricing, with an expected improvement in asset end-to-end returns throughout the year in the range of 30-40bp.
Adjustment pressures: The optimal structure of indebtedness, the pressure to raise costs, and the easing of co-registers, the structural adjustment and upward cost pressures of Shanghai Bank liabilities in 2017 were also the main reasons why the company’s 17-year interest differentials had been significantly reduced. And, from 18 years on, with corporate co-dependency adjusted.
In the meantime, market liquidity has improved since the beginning of the year, interest rates have declined steadily in financial markets, and the firm’s overall liability end-cost pressure has slowed down.
Shanghai banks have a regional advantage, have an overall better quality than their counterparts, and have benefited from a steady recovery in the long-triangular economy. The firm’s poor exposure peak has passed, and there is a trend toward improved asset quality.
Investment Recommendations: Significant improvements in fundamentals, high valuation value ratios, positive improvements at both ends of the 18-year low capital of the Shanghai Bank, asset end benefits from faster lending and higher pricing levels, end of liability benefits from easing structural adjustment pressures and flat capital interest rates. Positive changes at both ends drive firm fundamentals.
Multiplier, industry average and listed comptoirs average 6 and 9 per cent, respectively, companies have a higher margin of 18 years than their counterparts, current valuation levels have a strong value for money and maintain a firm's “growth” rating.
Since the beginning of the 18-year period, the restructuring of the Shanghai Bank ' s asset end has sent positive signals that, on the one hand, there has been a further increase in investment in credit assets, with the loan ring growing by almost 8 per cent at the end of the first quarter compared to the beginning of the year, at a rate at the forefront of the industry, while companies have continued to de-escalate the size of their investment in low-yielding assets and bonds and drive asset structure optimization in the first quarter.
In the past, a relatively robust and conservative business style has constrained the elasticity of the Shanghai Bank’s asset end-of-end rate of return. As can be seen from the comparison with comparable counterparts in the Shanghai Bank, the share of the Shanghai Bank’s end-of-end in low-income asset allocation, such as peers and bonds, is much the same as that of the Grand Bank, while the ratio of loans is lower than that of the other end-of-life.
After 17 years of financial deleveraging, the scarcity of bank credit resources has increased, driving up interest rates on loans, while 18 years of further tightening of off-the-shelf financing have led firms to compete for bank credit resources.
As a result of this change, loan interest rates have increased by 36 bp, which we expect to continue in the context of 18 years of increased competition for credit resources. The Shanghai Bank has taken full account of the changes in the credit market environment, and 18 years of loan pricing management has been one of the priorities of this year's industry-wide work, with greater bias towards credit assets at the asset level and strict control over the re-pricing and maturity of new loans.
For the next quarter of 18 years, we see that Shanghai Bank assets will continue to be tilted towards credit assets, subject to structural optimization and price-fixing, and that improvements in asset end-of-end rates are expected throughout the year.
Figure 6. Shanghai Bank ' s asset end-of-end rate of return increased markedly in the first quarter of the year. Second, adjustment pressure: optimal liability structure, cost-up pressure relief. In 2017, the Shanghai Bank ' s liability end faced structural adjustment and cost upswings against a background of tighter peer regulation and rising market interest rates.
In 18 years, as corporate debt adjustments are gradually put in place, corporate liability indicators have met standards and regulatory adjustment pressures have subsided. At the same time, improved market liquidity since the beginning of the year, and stable interest rates in financial markets have slowed down the firm’s overall debt-end cost pressure.
After 17 years of adjustment, the company ' s 18q1 peer-to-peer debt assessment target was met. Against a background of tight peer regulation in 2017, Shanghai Bank initiated the end-of-the-debt restructuring, with a significant slowdown in the size of the peer-to-peer debt, which has increased by 10% since 2017.
In 2018, the pressure to restructure corporate debt slowed down. While reducing the size of corporate debt, the firm’s dynamic savings were further optimized.
At the present time, Shanghai Bank deposits as a share of total liabilities are at a low-to-middle-down level, and there is still much room for improvement in the future. First, while faster corporate credit delivery will be beneficial to deposits, Shanghai Bank will continue to promote product innovation, the development of transactions, banks, investment banks, cross-border banking niches, and finance through the deployment of supply chain finance and financial innovation, improved access to customers, and low absorption.
Figure 9. Bank deposits in Shanghai up at the same rate (17vs18q1) Figure 10. Bank deposits in Shanghai up the ratio. Improved market liquidity, higher end-of-debt cost pressure.
For 17 years, as a result of the upturn in marketized financial interest rates, corporate and bond issuance costs have increased significantly, with 65bp/66bp in 2017, driving interest-bearing liability costs up 24bp, affecting the company’s performance. But market liquidity has improved for 18 years, and market interest rates have fallen. As of 3 May, 3a+collaborative (3m) interest rates were 118bp at the beginning of the year, 1 year and 10 years.
Debt returns have fallen by 69bp/25bp compared to the beginning of the year. Against this background, the firm’s 18-year upward pressure on the end-of-the-debt cost has slowed considerably.
At the same time, we believe that Shanghai Bank’s ability to defend against future adverse risks is strong, and that asset quality is expected to continue to improve in 2018. Poor generation is slowing, and asset quality improvements are better than those of peers.
We believe that improvements in the quality of Bank assets in Shanghai, in addition to improvements in the external economic environment, and in internal management capacity, are another important factor. By setting up a special camp centre to dispose of and defuse bad assets, and to improve the capacity to dispose of bad assets, there is room for further improvements in asset quality in the future.
Since 2017, the company has increased its provision coverage on a quarterly basis to 2018q1, reaching a level of 225%. Compared to its counterparts, the company has the highest level of provision coverage (after Ningbo only).
Bank and Nanjing Bank). The firm base of the company's provision helps to protect against risk and improve performance stability.
In terms of bad advance indicators, the Shanghai Bank is at a lower level than the Shanghai Bank’s loan/bad, bad + concern loan ratio for more than 90 days. On the whole, Shanghai Bank’s asset quality performance is better than that of the Shanghai Bank.
The Bank of Shanghai has shown positive improvements at both ends of 18 years, where the asset end has benefited from faster lending and higher pricing levels, while the liability end has benefited from a easing of structural adjustment pressures and a smooth drop in capital interest rates. Positive changes at both ends have driven companies to double their base, with average discounts of 6% and 9% compared to industry averages and upper-market comptoirs, with companies having a better margin of 18 years than their counterparts, and current valuation levels.
The value of the value for money is high, maintaining the company's “increasing” rating.