The growth rate of profit growth, the industry’s Internet performance, the net return to the mother was $4,722 million, an increase of 13.1 per cent in the same year, and the ebitda was $51.3 billion in the same way as the company’s basic business was growing steadily, and the value of its operations continued to show positive performance.
During the first half of the year, 84.9 billion yuan was achieved, an increase of 3.4 per cent in the same year, 5g packages, a net increase of 29,99 million households to 185 million and 5g packages to 58 per cent, further optimizing the use of household structures. In the first half of the year, the number of mobile users arpu was $44.4, compared with last year.
The firm’s fixed broadband operations continued to grow at a high rate, with broadband access revenue of 23 billion yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 4.3 per cent in the same year, a net increase of 4.4 million broadband access users, a total of 9.94 million households, a net increase in the number of users over the same period in almost 10 years, with integration penetration rates.
By 73%, users’ stickyness and user values have risen significantly, with high growth in industrial Internet revenues becoming the primary driver of corporate performance. Companies’ production Internet operations have generated 36.9 billion yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 31.8% from the same period last year, in Gon.
More than 70 per cent of the company's new revenue was donated as the “first engine” of performance growth. Of this amount, the “UNCC” income amounted to $18.7 billion, an increase of 143.2 per cent over the same period. 5g was contracted in the first half of the year, close to RMB 4 billion, 5g VPN clients reached 2014, 5g line
The cumulative number of applications exceeded 8,000; data centre cabinets were used more than 68 per cent; the current income was RMB 12.4 billion, an increase of 13.3 per cent over the same period; and the number of connections to the Internet was over 335 million.
48.9% reach RMB 1.9 billion, with modest increases in capital spending and capacity for sustainable development.
The increase in capital spending in the first half of the year was $28.4 billion, an increase of 98.5 per cent over the previous year, mainly for mobile networks, family Internet and solid, political and innovative operations. The main reason for this increase was the domestic telecommunications network last year.
It continues to promote co-sharing in depth, resulting in significant savings for capex and opex. The company has worked closely with China Telecom since this year to promote co-sharing in depth, with a new 5g opened during the reporting period.
In addition, the company and China Telecom have accelerated the 4g network, and the 4g share has made a further breakthrough, starting in the first half of the year.
4g shared base stations, with a cumulative share of 4g base stations reaching 870,000 stations. Through the 4g/5g network, the company actively contributed to the carbon peaks, carbon neutrals and carbon targets, cumulatively reducing carbon dioxide emissions by more than 6 million tons, and cumulatively saving both parties the capex of $240 billion per year.
The firm continues its strong and healthy financial position in recent years, with a reasonable asset-liability ratio of 42.9 per cent and a significant financial cost on the same scale.
The company attaches great importance to equity recovery and pressure on its fast-reducing policies: the 5g commercial penetration rate is not as high as expected: cost controls are not as effective as expected; and the share of capital spending is falling short of expectations.