(a) Tomway shares (600438) Agroforestry and Fishery Feeds (GAFF) Photovoltaics operational energy release, with significant growth in performance - assessment of Tomway shares (600438)
The cost advantages of a company as one of the leading domestic multi-crystal silicon companies have been evident, with the cash and production costs of a company's single ton of products falling below $45,000 and $60,000, respectively.
Power and fine management have continued to increase their profitability. After completing a technological transformation in June this year, the company’s production capacity has passed by 20,000 tons per year and is in a state of full production, with a projected output of 17,500 tons this year, with a steady increase in sales earnings and net interest rates.
New battery production is well under way, increasing performance. Restructured, Tungwee solar energy is integrated into a listed company, which now produces 3.4gw, including multi-crystal batteries for composting 2.4gw and 1gw high-efficiency single-crystal batteries for a double-flowing phase.
It will be operational in September this year. With the bidding for the runners' base in the second half of the year, market demand will be strong, companies will face a supply-and-demand situation for efficient monocrystal products, and the company’s performance commitment will mean total equity/flow (millions of shares)
In 2016, the company sold 4.01 million tons of feed, of which high-mori water production accounted for a total of 40 million tons.
In the case of aquaculture, the company is the leader of the industry, with the city remaining at 10%, and the advantage of size is more pronounced. The implementation of the project for the integration of fishing light will lay the foundation for the long-term development of the company’s aquaculture operations. In 2017, it benefited from the industry’s landscape.
With gas upswings, companies will increase their sales of aquatic and pig foods, with pigs expected to grow at a similar rate to meet new energy policies, batteries sold below expectations, multi-crystal silicon production capacity below expectations, and fishing light complementarity synergies below expectations.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.