Tungwei shares (600438) Agriculture + photovoltaic double-wheel drive with high industry performance Summary Report/Agriculture and Livestock Industry
(b) Realization of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $792 million, an increase of 57.83 per cent over the same period, with the deduction of non-recurrent changes in the structure of feed operations and increasing profitability.
During the reporting period, the company achieved operating revenues of $6,198 million, an increase of 12.90 per cent. The company maintained its business approach of “focusing on, implementing, and operating efficiently” and optimized its feed business by two “structural adjustments”.
The proportion of high-end products such as feed is inflated. As a result of business restructuring, the Māori ratio of company feed operations has reached 14.49 per cent, an increase of 1.87 percentage points over the same period, and profitability is increasing.
During the reporting period, the unit sold 0.81 million tons of polycrystal silicon products from its subsidiary, Etsumi, an increase of 40.04 per cent over the same period and a utilization rate of over 110 per cent; the Māori rate was 45.15 per cent, an increase of 0.85 percentage points over the same period; and in technology optimization and capacity generation.
With the combined effect of such factors as litres, fine management, recycling, the production cost of a single ton of silicon per permanent crystalline fell by 5.2% per year to less than $57,000 per ton, which is significantly lower than the good line of $70,000 per ton published by China's Photovoltaic Association. In the area of solar cells, satellite combustible solar energy is the world's largest supplier of specialized solar cell production.
In the first half of the year, the sales of batteries exceeded 1.8gw, an increase of over 80 per cent in the same year, and, on the basis of the current 3.4gw single, multi-crystal cell capacity, it still maintains a capacity utilization rate of over 100 per cent, well above the average capacity of 80 per cent of the industry announced by China's Association of Photovoltaic Industries.
By the end of the reporting period, the company had audited photovoltaic power projects amounting to 1,000 mw, with about 620 mw in progress, with a project reserve of over 5 gw, and some of the photovoltaic projects have already started to be profitable. According to the Association of Photovoltaic Industries, 24.4 gw of new photovoltaic installed capacity in the country in the first half of the year was significantly above market expectations.
At the end of the reporting period, the cumulative domestic capacity for photovoltaic power generation had reached 101.82 gw, particularly the distributional photovoltaics, which had increased by about 2.9 times in the first half of the year, and were expected to remain high throughout the year. “Fightlight One”, a two-wheel-driven synergistic development, was expected to outperform expectations throughout the year.
The company's original “fish as one” model of power generation has improved the traditional “fish as one” model. The project, supported by photovoltaic-based aquaculture, has created innovative models of high-power generation and sub-fish farming. The company has expanded the new “fish as one” model by transferring the stock of end-housers accumulated in the feed masters, leading to the company's photovoltaic production.
The scale effect will be further demonstrated with the production of 25,000 tons of high-purity silicon and associated new energy projects and the 2gw high-efficiency single-crystal battery project in Chengdu II, and the company ' s photovoltage costs are expected to increase further (8610) 85127665
This decline. With the benefits of the over-expected warming of water product prices and the approval of light-voltage machines, both companies are in the business-cycle phase, the two main industries are integrated and synergizing, and the year-round performance is expected to be higher.
The company, which is the domestic water feed and photovoltaic fittings, is expected to continue to benefit from the rising prices of water products and the continuing decline in the prices of water products and the low volume of photovoltaic machines.
Wang Ling, Research Assistant in Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, and Master of Accounting at the Central University of Finance and Economics. Five years of experience in large asset management companies, joined in 2017.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,