High performance reported in agroforestry and fisheries feedii, rapid expansion of photovoltaic operations — rating reported in Tungwei shares (600438).
Incident: Corporate performance report 2017, released on 21 August. During the reporting period, the company realized profits and losses of $76,817.5 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, which increased compared to the growth rate of the multi-crystal silicon capacity, and the long line is expected to materialize ahead of schedule.
By the end of the 18th year, capacity is expected to expand to 70,000 tons, releasing capacity before the end of the 18th year, and the country’s leadership is expected to be achieved ahead of schedule. With Leysan II and Pack II, the company’s total planned capacity will reach 120,000 tons, making it the world’s leading multi-crystal silicon system.
In addition, companies have a strong cost control capacity, with cash costs of up to $40,000 per ton, are highly competitive internationally, and sales earnings and net interest rates are growing steadily. Total equity/flow (million shares)
Battery non-silicon costs have been significantly reduced and production has grown rapidly.
The maximum/minimum cell for 12 months, with 2gw high-efficiency single crystal batteries in progress, is expected to be in production by the end of the third quarter of the year.
At the same time, the company ' s non-silicon processing costs are already in the 0.2-0.3-w range. As the company ' s efficiency mitigation measures continue to evolve and its partnerships with clients and suppliers deepen, it is expected that the solar cell plus will be further boosted.
In the case of photovoltaic power operations, emphasis is placed on the development of “fishing light” and household distribution projects.
The Division, through its audit of photovoltaic power projects, has reached 1,000 mw and is working on about 620 mw, with a reserve size of more than 5gw, of which Jiangsu has accumulated a total of 20.6 million degrees of electricity generation and sales revenue of approximately $21.11 million, with a Māori ratio of about 62.64 per cent in phase II.
10mw, also connected to the grid on 21 May, has already generated a cumulative 1.87 million degrees of electricity and sold $1.83 million. At the same time, the associated fish and pond farming has been phased out into the pond and fishing phase, which will further enhance the overall profitability of the project.
The new energy policy has changed, the sales of batteries have fallen short of expectations, the multi-crystal silicon capacity has fallen short of expectations, and the synergic complementarities of the catch have fallen short of expectations.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.