The company announced its intention to invest in 50,000 tons of high-purity silicon and associated new energy projects in the city.
Construction, to be completed in 2018; phase two, to be driven by market demand. We believe that the company’s luminous manufacturing costs are ahead, actively expanding, and “fishing as one” is effectively coordinated and superior; maintaining the company’s multi-crystal silicon scheme is expanded to 50,000 tons, consolidating the industry’s leading position: the company proposes civil administration with the city’s headmen.
The People's Government of Kundulun District, the capital and head of the city, jointly signed the Investment Agreement, with the subsidiaries' shares in Yongxiang as the main investors, and invested in a project to build 50,000 tons of high-purity silicon and new energy packages per year in Kundulang District of the city. The total investment is expected to be $8 billion and will be implemented in two phases, with a quarter of a million tons of high-purity.
The crystallized silicon project was currently under construction on 30 September 2017, with production completed in 2018; phase II will be driven by market demand. The project will be completed with 20,000 tons of annual production in Sichuan Lai and 50,000 tons under construction, with the company ' s multi-crystal silicon production capacity reaching 120,000 tons per year.
Centralization reduces short-term supply and the price of multi-crystal silicon is rising: on the one hand, based on historical experience with reduced demand after loading, multiple multi-crystal silicon manufacturers in the country have concentrated on the third quarter of this year, resulting in a significant drop in supply in the third quarter. On the other hand, real demand for the end of the second half of the year in the country is on the same scale as in the second half of the year.
In this context, there has been a recent increase in the price of polycrystal silicon, which is expected to benefit from company-represented front-line production capacity.
Companies have core competitiveness: companies are ahead of the costs of photovoltaic manufacturing, actively expanding, and “fishing as one” is effective, synergizing and superior, and are expected to maintain core competitiveness in the long term; risks of excess capacity in photovoltaic manufacturing; risks of disposal of light-limited electricity, default on subsidies, and deterioration of the nature of land; fishing
Business blocks are not making as much money as expected.
Agroforestry and pastoral fisheries: feed