Māori increased to 45.12 per cent of the world ' s best-known polytechnics to consolidate a monolithic perception. The net profit of the seafood industry increased by 13.29 per cent in 2016 compared to the same year. The seafood industry (603288) released its annual report for 2016 on the evening of 22 December, with revenue realized during the reporting period.
12,459 million yuan, representing an increase of 10.31 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, amounting to 2,843 million yuan, and operating revenues of 1,814 million yuan in the same sauce; and operating revenues of 1,863 million yuan in the aphid oil, resulting in an increase of 4.8 per cent in the three main operations, which remain relatively high, with the company as a whole in cost control.
The upward trend has led to an increase in the cost or impact of companies, but companies, as industry leaders, have a certain degree of stickyness and pricing power, and the upward cost pressure is expected to extend to the terminal through price increases. Sales costs increased by 27.11 per cent over the reporting period, mainly as a result of increased marketing and advertising efforts by companies during the reporting period.
A single name has sponsored a variety of television stations with high ratings.
A popular art show can significantly raise the awareness of the company’s owners of single items (reference to the name of Irian Mussy, a running man), and a sustained branding investment can also provide a basis for launching and raising prices for new products in the future. A price increase is expected to materialize in the course of the year.
Since January 2017, the company has made direct increases in the prices and retail prices of major products such as soy sauce, aphid oil, and sauce, mainly as a result of higher prices of raw materials such as soybean, white sugar and higher costs of packaging materials and transportation.
There are cycles where consumers are less sensitive to price increases and more receptive to them. And, as a leading firm, companies are well-known for their products and have some customer sticky and pricing rights. Corporate products have scale effects, are expected to mitigate the negative effects of cost increases through economies of scale, and are reasonably stored in firms and distributors.
Under this, the cost transfer to the terminal price increases are expected to be gradually reflected in the company’s performance. Moreover, with the company’s 17-year profits and the lower cost of advertising inputs, it is not very difficult to meet the 17-year business target.
The oil and sauce products are well-known in the country, and the consumer base is good. In addition to the company’s previous deep cultivation of channels and extensive distribution networks, the company continued to sink into weak rural markets during the reporting period.
Open Source Securities Co. Ltd. continues to enhance branding and branding for consumer audiences. The company plans to buy 70% of the town’s capital and the vinegar industry during the reporting period.
Urban Gate B, 5th floor, uses the town’s town vinegar brand to develop the vinegar industry, make vinegar the company’s fourth-largest product, except soy sauce, aphid oil and flavour sauce, and can be promoted rapidly through a powerful marketing network of companies.
As downstream foods, heat and consumption rises, the spice industry can still open up its development constraints through product upgrading and product expansion. Moreover, while companies are leading the industry, countries are taking advantage of developments in the foreign spice industry.
The concentration of in-house spices is clearly low, future industrial M & As consolidation is expected to be larger, and more company outreach is expected to be expected. Figure 1: Seafood historype, Figure 2: Seatime history pb
This report is presented independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, company-related disclosures as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, using as a criterion the increase or decrease in the benchmark market index for securities over the six months following the reporting date, defined as follows:
(overweight): Industry goes beyond overall market performance; (underweight): industry is weaker than overall market performance.