The 2016 annual report of the Seafood Industry (603288) reported steady growth in Li Yifan q4 and accelerated growth in net profits.
The same-year increase of 10.28 per cent, which continues to be robust; the net return to mothers of 804 million yuan, which is 20.23 per cent more than the previous three quarters, is accelerating. We believe that the increase in net profits in the fourth quarter has been accelerated mainly because the upgrading of product structures and the fine-tuning of cost controls have contributed to a decline in the cost of various products on a par.
The q4 Māori rate increased by 4.24 pct by the same year. The four-quarters net interest rate of the company increased by 22.97%, faster than the year-round harvest of soy sauce, slowing down the growth of fuel consumption and flavour sauce.
12.84 per cent; oil-consuming camps received $1.86 billion, an increase of 4.8 per cent over the same period. Although the growth has not been as expected, companies have upgraded the quality of aphid oil and increased their efforts to spread it to all regions of the country, laying the foundation for 17 years and beyond: the Taste Camp collected $1.81 billion, which is almost the same, mainly due to the second half of the year.
As a result of the company’s increased proactive adjustment to the traditional market of sauce, the mature areas have grown less rapidly and the north-central region has grown faster. In 2016, the company’s eastern battalion collected 3.34 billion yuan, or 8.12 per cent more in the north, and 2.28 billion yuan, or more in the central region.
The Māori rate, the period cost rate and the net interest rate have increased by the same amount. In 2016, the company ' s Māori rate was 43.95%, with an increase of 2 pct in the same year, mainly as a result of the higher share of high-end products and the reduction of unit costs through enhanced internal cost and procurement cost controls.
16.32 per cent, an increase of 1.14 pct over the same year. Of this, the cost of sales was 12.52 per cent, an increase of 1.65 pct over the same year, mainly due to increased market inputs and branding; the management cost was 4.17 per cent, a decrease of $US 1.45 for the same year, or 26 times for the pe and 22 times for the pe.
In the risk preference rating, products that do not refer to a specific variety of recommended and rated products are based on products.
The underlying risk rating is given in the markets studied, i.e. in the case of certificates of title and derivatives markets, where the underlying risk rating is a high risk; in the case of equity, equity-based fund markets, where the underlying risk rating is a general risk; and in the case of markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, where the underlying risk rating is a low risk.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.