Sea weather industry (603288): strong leadership, steady growth in performance Food beverages - Tastes Events: Sea weather industry publication of the annual report 2016: During the reporting period, companies achieved a camp
Key financial indicators (in millions of yuan) decelerated year-round growth rates, and the Māori rate increased steadily: during the reporting period, companies upgraded the quality of their products, optimized their product structure and made their products competitive.
Power has increased considerably, continuing to consolidate the vanity of the spice industry. As marketing channels have expanded, the central and western markets have expanded faster, the environment as a whole has become weaker, and income growth has slowed down over the previous two years.
The Division implemented fine-tuning cost controls to ensure a steady increase in product quality while bringing down the cost of the company base (update) for all types of products, thus bringing the overall Māori ratio of the company to the same level.
2 percentage points higher. The main increase in the Māori rate was in soy sauce and oil consumption, which was slightly higher than last year. The sales rate was 1.65 percentage points higher than last year, mainly due to increased advertising inputs and branding by companies, resulting in advertising fees.
Percentage points; an increase of 0.06 percentage points in the financial cost rate, mainly as a result of higher returns on financial investment achieved by companies through higher levels of financial management during the reporting period, resulted in a decrease in the average stock of funds compared with the previous period and a corresponding reduction in interest on deposits.
The leadership is strong and there is a good space for future development: (1) low concentration, stable corporate leadership, product price increases are expected to yield better results, class, and the taste industry is expected to move up to high end, branding and become an industry in the future.
The leading companies have a clear advantage in terms of access, capacity, etc., and there is scope for future development. Huen Yong: University of Hel, UK, Master of Business Administration, major area of research and tracking: large consumption, based on a rise or decline in securities relative to the depth 300 index over the six months following reporting.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the offer or request for the sale of the securities in question, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position, and special circumstances of the persons who obtained the report.
An investor should independently assess the information and opinions contained in this report and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters, as necessary, taking into account their investment objectives, financial position and specific needs.