Company review report  Transport sector 2022h1 outbreak and high oil prices leading to passenger transport operations South Air (600029.sh)
The first half of 2022 was adversely affected by a domestic epidemic, and the company's passenger operations were down the same scale.
In the first half of 2022, companies registered a fall in the same year, and in the first half of the year there was an outbreak in major cities in the country, with a sharp drop in passenger traffic.
As South Air Logistics is still under the flag of the listed company, it continues to make a good contribution to the parent company’s cargo plate against a backdrop of rising international freight unit prices. In terms of revenue per unit, in the first half of 2022, the company’s passenger transport rrpk was 0.54 dollars, the same amount as in the first half of the year.
During the first half of the year, pressure on corporate costs was exacerbated by double fluctuations in oil prices and exchange rates. In the first half of the year, the company achieved operating costs of $49,455 million, i.e. 4.65 per cent of the total, of which aviation oil/employees ' remuneration/depreciation amortization/landing/plane and engine maintenance/dinner costs.
Nearly 30 per cent of the cost of shipping oil, +16.96 per cent of the same year, mainly due to the impact of the sharp rise in international oil prices during the year’s conflict between Russia and Ukraine. In the first half of 2022, net losses on corporate exchange amounted to $2,052 million, a positive shift from the same period last year.
• Continue to consolidate the two-hub model of “Guangzhou + Beijing” and the construction and expansion of the airport at Da-Hing, pending international flights. Since October 2020, all flights by South China in Beijing have been diverted to the capital.
The airport operates as the largest main base of the airport, and since then the two-hub operation of the "Gwangzhou White Cloud + Beijing Big Bang" has been launched. The company’s future line from the airport will be further encrypted (especially by adding to international routes in the northern hemisphere, such as Europe and America, Japan and Korea).
In the first half of 2022, the group brought in seven aircraft, withdrew five aircraft, and in the future the proportion of narrow bodies will increase further. In the first half of 2022, the group brought in seven aircraft and withdrew five aircraft.
• Investment is proposed to move into the second half of the year, and the new global coronary epidemic is improving, along with developments in the country.
The report is presented independently and objectively in a spirit of diligence and with a clear and accurate view of my research. No part of my remuneration has been, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the report’s specific recommendations or views.
Japan’s 14th Fpm Academy was the number one, Bestpaperaward. Used to be a member of the New Wealth Mechanical Corps.