Dessailway, the electronic locomotive of cars, the smart driver of the car connection, is on the ground, and it's expected to be phased in with the release in November of an ite-v2x solution based on the high-line 9150 c-v2x chip group.
The company's intelligent driving of multiple projects is entering the production period, smart network cars are expected to become a new national strategy to support the industry, the policy aid system adas is expected to enter the penetrating period, and the company's forward-looking layout is expected to benefit significantly.
Platforming project, new project orders for a number of new and old customers, such as Jiri Smart Driving Aids, tft LCDs, Carborne Information Recreation Systems, Air Condition Controls, as well as wide-air vehicles, Chirés, upper-air groups, upper-air generals, upper-air Mitsubishi, the Great Wall, etc., have been successfully developed
New clients, such as cars, gas, Toyota, have obtained orders for international operations from the German public for a new global vehicle, the targeted production of v2x products, and the company's networking is continuing to advance. The company is well-placed in intelligent driving, and it was released in November 2018, based on the high-line 9150c-v2x chip group.
The lte-v2x solution is expected to produce progressively and contribute to performance growth.
Clients are expanding well, and new projects like Toyota and others are expected to be scaled up. In 2018, the company acquired a new populist platform, a new German popular global vehicle project. In the first half of the year, the company acquired a new platform project, which is expected to be produced in 2020.
The company’s performance is expected to pick up steadily as new projects continue to be put into production. Smart driving, with multiple projects entering production, is expected to become a new growth point.
Volume production has been achieved and orders have been rapidly raised; the full automated parking system has been produced and acquired in domestic vehicles; the next generation of product platform locations have been targeted, with production planned for 2021; and a vehicle networking platform, ota, scenario intelligence, etc., has been acquired for clients such as the general population, Chirete Leopard, Chang Anjota, etc.
The company has successfully acquired the German Advanced antenna company, atbb, and is expected to add to the market price on October 18, 2019.
A new generation of smart drivers and car-networked products from fast-track companies lands and contributes to the expansion of European customers. Smart cars are expected to become a new national strategy to support industry, policy aids are expected to enter the accelerated penetration period, and companies’ forward-looking layouts are expected to benefit significantly.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. Car networking and intelligent driving prospects are promising, maintaining an increased rating.
1) Market sales are not as high as expected; 2) Autopilot product R & D and volume production are not as fast as expected.