Capital operations guarantee profit growth and the second quarter of Yangtze Power (60090.sh) has seen a sharp decline in electricity generation.
The company generated 81,318 million kilowatt-hours in the first half of 2018, accounting for 17.6 per cent of the country ' s hydroelectric capacity, a decrease of 0.4 per cent from the previous year, of which the second quarter recorded a significant decline, to 4.0 per cent.The decline in electricity generation resulted in a 0.4 per cent decline in business income on the same basis.
In addition, companies continue to promote electricity distribution. In the first half of the year, the company was involved in six national incremental distribution network pilot projects in Chongqing, Shanxi, Anhui, Yunnan, etc., and sold about 8.13 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity on the market.
(ii) Capital operations guarantee profit growth Companies continue to invest more and deepen their equity ties with strategic investment companies. By the end of June, the companies held 30 equity holdings, with a cumulative balance of 23.9 billion yuan in original investments, adding to the external market
On the financing side, companies issued super-short-term vouchers for three periods in the first half of the year, raising $10 billion, at a lower level of financing costs for similar bonds during the same period. The first half of the company was stable, and capital operations played an important role in sustaining steady growth in the company’s business performance.
(iii) Maintenance of high net interest rates. For the first time in the first half of the year, the company ' s total profits broke the 10 billion mark, amounting to $10,216 billion, the best level ever; net profit on attribution increased by 5.2 per cent over the same period, with non-recurrent gains and losses amounting to $706 million, mainly from the public sector.
The Division holds fair value gains and losses from traded financial assets and transactional financial liabilities. The company ' s net interest rate for the first half of the year was 44.4 per cent, rising by 2.4 pct the same year, and maintaining a historically high level.
High proportions, high value of cash flow. Companies are actively responding to industry trends, seizing new opportunities for change, creating “power generation, distribution, distribution” and improving industrial layout: companies are actively investing in and operating power plants abroad around their main industries, managing, consulting and actively expanding their operations.
1. The annual report on the Yangtze Power (6009000) and the quarterly report assess the steady growth of electricity generation in record-high aggregates, 2, and the monthly report on the use of electricity in the industry.
Poor water: electricity prices down: electricity draining market expectations: Utunde, crane beach power station