Hale Jie (600690) Home appliances, steady distance, branding, southwest securities institute.
Recommended logic: 1) The company has continued to promote high branding in the domestic market, and Casati ' s share in China ' s market of more than $15,000 in 2024 was 49 per cent, 34 per cent and 88 per cent, respectively, according to retail sales below the line. 2) In the overseas market, companies have made a significant contribution to corporate profitability.
Acquisitions and brand incubation, the construction of international, multi-brand ecological systems, the creation of localization strategies such as offshore production bases and research and development centres, have led to the establishment of 10 major research and development centres, 71 research institutes, 35 industrial parks, 143 manufacturing centres and 230,000 marketing networks worldwide that can effectively respond to frequency
3) Companies have been engaged in frequent brand acquisitions since 2015 that have dragged back profitability from the end of production costs and costs, and profit-end pressures have continued to ease in recent years, and profit margins have gradually been released. Insider: high end branding.
Heir created a high-end brand called Casati in 2007, with nearly 20 rounds of high-end home power, creating a powerful branding barrier and a reputational advantage. From 2017 to 2024, Kassati camp received more rapidly than the Hair Jiji family, with a further 33.6 per cent of cagr sales in 2015-2021.
In 2024, the share of Casatian brand refrigerators, air conditioning, washing machines in China’s market of more than $15,000 was 49%, 34%, and 88%, respectively. External sales: three-step strategy for global brand creation. Hal built internationalization through continuous mergers and brand incubation.
To date, the company has developed seven high-end brand matrices comprising Heir's main brand, Casati, Leader, Geapplicances, Fisher & Paykel, aqua, and Candy. In contrast to the trend of globalization, the company has been able to use localized strategies such as overseas production bases and R & D centers.
From the peak of Heir’s acquisition of high-quality brand assets abroad in 2015, Heir’s share in the global market has been rapidly expanded. Because of the efficiency of overseas production, costs, etc., it has also been delayed.
Over the last few years, we have seen a gradual easing of profit-end pressures from intensive acquisitions, and a gradual release of profit margins. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
The layout has gained stronger brand influence; overseas markets are now implementing the three-step strategy of Jeeon Hair Jiji (600690): digitalization for improvement 2. Heir Jiji (600690): high-end brands are growing rapidly
3. Hale Jiist (600690): A robust year-round recovery 1) takes into account the company ' s continuous improvement of its product structure and increased profitability, taking into account that the company ' s Casati brand has grown faster than the whole, and that the average price of the company ' s ice-washing products is expected to increase and the Māori rate rises accordingly. Assuming that the company ' s refrigerators are sold over the next three years.
2) The company focuses on building air-conditioning operations, and the increase in the Māori rate of air-conditioning operations is rapid in the context of the trend towards scalation. Assuming that for the next three years, the sales of air-conditioning will continue to increase at a compound rate of about 8%, with an average price increase of 7/5/2%, and the Māori rate of air-conditioning products of 25%, respectively) the market may overestimate the risk exposure of Haile ' s global manufacturing centre in the face of counter-globalisation.
The localization advantage of the deployment of R & D centers is that their overseas development will be significantly affected by tariff risks. We believe that they still have significant acquisition and development potential in emerging markets: on the one hand, and, on the other, their three-step strategy of global creation, the built-up capacity advantage, and the technological advantage, on the other, will become a moat under tariff risk.
While corporate profitability has been weaker than comparable in recent years and markets tend to attribute it to the inevitable outcome of the development of obm operations, we believe that Haile has entered the peak period of overseas acquisitions since 2015, which has in recent years resulted in the suppression of his profitability from the cost-side and the cost-side, but as Hal continues to optimize the efficiency of overseas management, using models such as “one person, one person,” and so forth, the ocean has been pushed forward.
External capacity upgrades, and corporate profitability is expected to grow. 3) In the goods category, the company's advantage — ice washing — performed well, but the market ignored the company's long-line layout of relatively weak operations, such as air conditioning, as the company's supply chain layout, capacity upgrading and marketing of air-conditioning products increased, the company's air-conditioning
Products are expected to hit both yield and profit margins, opening up up the upswing. Tariff uncertainties are on the ground; higher-than-expected growth in the air conditioner category; improved overseas profitability Risks of price volatility of raw materials: risks of demand decline due to a slowdown in global economic growth: tariff policy risks: exchange rate waves
A steady line with a branding of 1.1 refrigerators, a global layout achiever with a tap, Hale Ji was formerly the Qingji Island Refrigerator General in 1984 and changed its name in 2019 to Hale.
The company was listed at the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 1993, the Frankfurt Exchange in 2018 and Hong Kong in 2020 to build a global capital system of “a+d+h.”
For more than 30 years, companies have been pooling global resources, growing faster, generating revenues from 795 million household electricity first brands in 1993, and each has been the world’s largest retailer for 16 consecutive years. Since its inception, companies have grown from a near-defunct small power plant to one of the world’s largest electricity conglomerates.
The process can be divided into three stages: 1984-1991: branding, refrigerators. Early on, there was a lack of demand for our refrigerators and even domestic electricity markets, and there was a general lack of emphasis on the quality of the products.
The basis of brand image; in 1988, the company won a gold medal in the refrigerator industry “National Award for Quality Products”; and in 1989, in the context of price wars in the electric ice box industry due to falling demand, the company raised the price by 12 per cent, based on the brand image of high-quality products that it had created, to establish its leading position in the refrigerator industry.
1991-2015: Plural development, with an attempt to go to sea. In 1993, after the company had completed its listing, the company focused on three main directions: (a) perfect products, and the company began its diversification attempt outside the refrigerator industry, after which it moved into air conditioners, washing machines, water heaters, etc.; and (b) a rich brand matrix, in addition to the Heir brand created in 1984.
In 1998 and 2007, respectively, the company established the Leader and Casati brands, forming brands to cover the global market; 3) attempted to sail, started overseas expansion in 1999, and in April, the company set up a Heir factory in South Carolina, the United States of America, to enter the international market with the Heir autonomous brands.
2015-present: Overseas M&As, a global leader. Starting in 2015, companies shifted their strategic focus from own branding to overseas M&As, acquiring local brands like aqua, gea, fisher&paykel, driving companies to capture Europe, the Americas, Oceania and Africa on five continents, with Hale refrigerators, washing machines, wine cabinets, and freezers remaining the world’s number one.
The Hale refrigerator has been the world’s first and first global washing machine for 17 consecutive years, the world’s first and the world’s first and the world’s first and the world’s first and the world’s first and the world’s first and the world’s first in 14 consecutive years.
1.2 Accompanies branding, the sword is global, and our country's electricity holdings have been growing rapidly since the decomposition of household electricity in 2009, and the domestic electricity market has gradually been transformed from a market of incremental quantities to a market of stock replacements, while the market is highly concentrated and the competitive pattern is stable, making it a big house of electricity.
The growth rate in the air conditioner category has slowed since 2018, the ice box and washing machine categories have fallen since 2012, and the overall increase in the external sales of the three main categories has been better than internal sales, and the focus of the development of the home power company has shifted to overseas expansion.
The company began to expand overseas in 1999 and in April in the United States of America, with the creation of a Heil factory in South Carolina, but did not choose the dominant oem to go out, but rather to march into the international market with the Heir brand, where the company’s overseas business grew at an overall rate in comparison with the domestic business growth rate between 1999 and 2014.
After that, the company began its expansion model of overseas brand acquisition. In 2015, the company acquired overseas white power from the Heir Group, including the Japanese company Sun Power; in 2016, Heir spent about $5.4 billion on general electrical (ge) home electricity in the United States and successfully added brands such as Geapplicances, hotpoint, etc.; and in 2018 acquired New Zealand brands.
In 2019, the Italian Candy Group was repurchased to further strengthen the layout of the European market. After each year of the company's acquisition and the presentation of the list, the export earnings grew by 74.3% and 154.8%, respectively, and the brands went out, which was a slow one. In the run-up to the sea, the oem model was lower and faster than the brand model.
In addition, from a long-term perspective, Oem manufacturers are also at risk of being squeezed by brands for profit. In contrast to branding out-of-sea models, the forward input is larger and slow but beneficial.
The upper limit is better than the oem model. Compared to Hale's overseas earnings with those of comparable companies, Heir's overseas business grew faster than the company that developed Oem's business prior to Helke's global brand acquisition, but most of its overseas earnings came from acting as a substitute for other brands.
By 2024, overseas brands had contributed significantly and international market revenues more than half. In addition, these brands helped Hal to quickly enter the high-end home power market in Europe, America and Australasia, and to synergize channel expansion and management to promote the sea.
Overall, brand mergers and acquisitions not only led to short-term harvests, but also laid the foundation for long-term global brand rules, driving companies’ revenue and profits into new steps. Branding advantages are magnified and stronger.
Steady growth to about 17.4% in 2024 has continued to grow. This growth has been largely the result of its globalized layout and multi-brand integration strategies, such as the M&A of global brands such as Geapplicances and Candy, which have effectively enhanced its market penetration in North America and Europe.
By 2024, less than 10% reflected the continued erosion of their share in global market competition. The share of the beautiful, Bosy, and Samsung groups remained stable at 5-7%.
Over core white power has led to growth in sales and market breakthroughs; on the other hand, full product competitiveness has been created by universal access to electricity. A solid foundation has been laid for a follow-up M&A ge, Candy, and smart family strategy, which has greatly enhanced its ability to sustain expansion in global markets.
Figure 6: Corporate electricity retailing is the world ' s number two best sales: branding, landscape, cost-scaled, marketing together
According to Frost Sullivan, global household electricity sales in 2023 amounted to 3.76 trillion dollars, an increase of 2.6 per cent over the same period, and are expected to maintain a compound growth rate of 4.2 per cent in 2023-2027, with room for growth in the global household electricity market. For the subregion, China, North America and Europe are the three main markets, accounting for about 66 per cent of the total; for the sub-group, the ratio is about 66 per cent.
The Chinese black and white electricity market holds the highest. With China’s “home and village” campaign, China’s black and white electricity security has risen rapidly, and the domestic electricity market has been largely saturated to date, starting to compete in stock, and China’s electricity supply has started to grow rapidly.
There is a clear trend towards higher end-of-end domestic electricity in the context of rising consumption. As high-end household electricity consumption is dominated by high-income people, it is less price-sensitive and more quality-of-life-oriented, and the high end-of-life trend in the domestic electricity sector is becoming more pronounced.
Since 2014, there has been a steady increase in the disposable income of the country ' s residents; the MacKen household electricity grid data show that the average price of refrigerators and washing machines has been on the rise overall since 2018, rising from $2667 in 2018 to $3161 in 2024; washing machines rose from $2025 in 2018 to $2102 in 2024, further confirming the high-end trend.
2.1 Casati: Brand positioning originated in high-end design, innovation, and Hale wisester created high-end Casati as early as 2007, when the domestic high-end electricity market was still dominated by foreign brands such as loose, three stars, and Siemens, and the ownership of the brand was less advanced.
The core competitiveness of high-end markets is product technology and slogan effects, and it is difficult for newcomers to challenge existing markets by price means. Kassati’s growth is better than Hale’s. From 2017 to 2024, Kassati’s camp picked up more rapidly than Hair’s thinker.
As a whole, it has gradually become a central engine for business growth. In 2024, the Kathati brand was in the top end of the Chinese electricity market, ranked first in retail sales in the high end refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioners, etc., in which, in terms of retail sales under the line, the Kassarty brand refrigerators, air conditioners, washing machines in China have a share of $15,000 or more, respectively.
49%, 34%, 88%. We believe that Casati's leadership in high-end areas is due to his technological strength, brand image and channel building. Early completion of production in 2006-2016 with the strong financial and technical support of the Hale Group.
And then, by internationalizing brand positioning, global R & D, and raising brand power in multinational design centres, complemented by high-end layouts under the line line, technology and marketing investments can effectively translate into market ownership and performance. Deep R & D power.
Heart, 14 design centres, and 28 collaborative R&D institutions have combined design resources in 12 countries. The Heel Group has accumulated 107,000 patents globally, of which 68,000 have been invented, and in 2019 alone the “light storage of fresh technology” in refrigerators involved 84 patents, reflecting the strength of Casati's research and development.
In addition to its deep research power, the high-end brand image comes from two sources: innovative products. Cassarty's technology does not just stay in concept, but continues to address user pains: first-hand French-style renovating the traditional structure of the open refrigerator and upgrading the storage space; and the "Bond Clouds" subdistrict washing machine launched in 2015
Synchronize the two-roller washing and receive the National Science and Technology Progress Award: the following product uses a steel bone-integrated box, a twin star, a brain-balanced system and a 360° “breathing window” to deliver the wind, effectively preventing tidal deodoration. These technological innovations are not presented on the surface, but are actually integrated into the product details, improving the user's experience in general, even in the white mature market, Casati.
High-end design. Since Cassarty was created, the number of prizes awarded to various platforms at home and abroad has been numerous. Closely embedded in \triangleright.
Table 1: Casati’s winnings are increasing, leading to better corporate profitability.
The average price is far above the average in the domestic electricity sector, and we assume that the profit margin is also significantly higher than the average in the industry, bringing greater flexibility to the company ' s profits in the process of high-end Heir branding. From 2014 to 2021, the Kassati brand camp grew from $1.7 billion to $12.9 billion, with a capr of 33.6%, higher than the overall growth rate in the company, which is higher than in 2014.
2.2 Three-wing Birds: The world's first brand, with multi-brand multi-promotion synergies, the world's first three-wing brands. The core strategy of Hale's transformation from traditional product creation to intelligent landscape services was captured, and the three-wing brand was officially launched in 2020, marking a deep-seated business connection with intelligent families.
The brand is positioned as the world's first scene brand, which aims to bring about a full transformation from a single product output to a full-process scenario solution through a system-driven "high-end plus eco" brand strategy. The three-wing bird not only integrates the multi-dimensional resource advantages of Hal's home, custom-based home, digital platform, etc.
There are custom home brands such as the house, the Bolonie, and a system of multi-purpose, multi-space coordinated services. Figure 21: Three-wing birds offer brand-wide smart solutions, scenebrand
Intelligent telelogists custom-made three-wing birdgates are growing fast. All three-wing birds are on the market with Casati electrical products, the number of three-wing birdgates has grown fast in recent years, and three-wing birds now have more than 5,000 shops throughout the country. Three-wing birds are the scene under the corporate flag.
Cards, whose rapid development has several contributions to branding: 1) high-end brand displays: trees with high-end brand images such as Casati need to be supported from below-line sources and not only from traditional under-line channels such as dealers, malls, etc. 3-wing birds are a good high-end display platform: 2) brand synergies: apart from Cassarty, 3-wing birds have concentrated on many other brands under the Heir flag.
Light, forming inter-brand synergies: 3) Balanced development of the product category: The shares of the core categories of Hale, Laundry, etc. under the company's flag are shown, other categories are relatively weak, and three-wing birds can be used for synthesizing sales, leading to a balanced development of the product class. Figure 22: Three-wing birdgates have grown rapidly in recent years (homes)
Based on the u-home project, launched in 2006, and the Wisdom strategy for the 2015 system drive, Haile, based on long-term technological accumulation, ecological layout, and user insight, promotes the formation of a holistic solution covering a variety of scenarios, such as kitchens, living rooms, bedrooms, balconys, bathrooms, product design, site customization, intelligent delivery, etc.
The platform makes full use of the four major brands of fisher&paykel, casarte, haier and leader, and provides users with a congenial mix of smart scenes for different consumer classes and life habits.
\triangleright
A house-wide air system that provides health, energy efficiency, and intelligent temperature control for urban silver hair and practical Chinese production. Kitchen ecology-luxury-to-functional coverage: kitchen walls are embedded at high ends by casarte and Fisher&paykel \triangleright
A combination of devices to meet the desire of the creative elite and the new-age home designers for quality and face value; a combination of light luxury electromagnetic stoves and smart steaming machines for the z generation to create a “show-scale” that pleases young families; bedroom ecology-intelligent sleep + personality intake: haier smart sleep air conditioning and leader diversity intelligence bed-up
\triangleright Combining the collection cabinet for middle-quality production and young people to experience a comfortable, healthy and tidal flu bedroom.
The bathrooms + the whole house – the integration of innovative life: the brain of the wise – combine refrigerators, air conditioning, cooking power, etc., and time-line.
Inter-brand, customally automated scenario models, while integrating high-end and value-for-money brands to achieve cross-brand synergies at the same time and in the same system. Figure 23: Integration of different brands
Three-wing birds drive a balanced development of the product class. By strengthening the three-wing bird’s competitiveness in the design, marketing and service aspects of the set, the company continuously enhances the ability of the package to sell and increase the value of the single user. In 2023, the three-wing bird-focused home design tool, digital door shop building, etc., boosts the programme’s experience and marketing capability.
In 2024, the stock of three-wing birds was 57 per cent, that of Casati 35 per cent, and that of pre-products 40 per cent. By 2023, three-wing birds had reached 413,000 households.
By 2023, the three-wing custom landing program had reached $5.1 billion for 2023-wing bird scene trading.
The total sales of the three-wing birds increased by 84 per cent in 2023.
During the year (a fast-growing three-wing birdgate), companies achieved a higher rate of growth in their relative vulnerable groups than ice-washing ones and a balanced growth in their products driven by three-wing birds.
As Chairman and CEO of the Hale Group Board of Directors, Zhou Yunjie's personal ip has quickly drawn a wide range of attention since his appearance was “circumstrated” in 2025, with platforms such as tremors, microblogs, small red books, etc. showing up in the millions of grades. The proactive exposure of the corporate top image is essentially based on a “personal brand” that broadens the distribution path and enhances the frailness and ability of the brand.
Touchy, compared to traditional advertising and channel input, which has low input and high return characteristics. Zhou Yunjie's low-key engineering male label, which is a trusted endorsement of professional thinking and user orientation, recreates the internal sales market's perception of the value of the Hale wisester. Close to the user, co-invents the product.
Laundry machines, 88,000 pre-sold in the first week; millions of users who voted creatively and eventually produced a wheat wave refrigerator that was not only stored in areas and extremely fresh, with less than 1 degree of daily power consumption, and was at the top of the market list of mid-end refrigerators; and magnetic-controlled refrigerators, air-washing air conditioners, cloud-brook washing machines, little blue bottle water heaters, all of which were born on the basis of co-founding by users.
Hale wisesters focus on scenario-based experiences, such as the three-winged living-in-the-scenes solution, which covers sub-scenes such as balconys, kitchens, air, etc. This strategy does not simply promote marketing, but embeds product marketing into everyday user life, monitors demand through digital platforms, and guides users to upgrade from monolithic purchases to the entire system. Financial analysis shows that such scenes are closed.
With the digital transformation, Hale's intellectuals built a precision marketing system with cloud platforms and user drawings, creating a "product."
The latest report, published in conjunction with the World Brand Laboratories, shows that the Helm brand, valued at $573.5 billion, has been selected for 22 years, thanks to its ecological and technological marketing model. From a capital perspective, it is a typical path to a brand shift toward “assetization.”
Brands have a stronger valuation elasticity, high-end market penetration and long-term competitive barriers. 3 out of the sea: overseas growth driven by brand acquisition: 3.1 overseas M&A landscape: divide and rule.
Since 2011, Heir Jijit's overseas strategy has entered a period of substantial import: first, to lay the basis for Asian manufacturing and channeling through the acquisition of the three-year electric power units in Japan and South-East Asia; to complete the full capital holding of Fisher & Paykel in New Zealand in 2012, to supplement high-end technology and the Oceania market; and to acquire the United States national power giants with approximately $5.4 billion in 2016, with the help of the US electricity giants.
Its brands and channels quickly opened up the North American market; the Italian Candy Group was acquired in 2018-2019 to further plough European washing and kitchen electrical layouts; and again in October 2024, with $775 million, the global commercial refrigeration business of carrier was acquired, marking Hale's entry into the field of smart commercial refrigeration, which was fully upgraded to the “platform+s” strategic development phase of globalization.
To date, Hale wisesters have built international, multi-branded branding through continuous M&As and brand incubation.
Ecosystems. To date, the company has developed seven high-end brand matrices comprising Heir's main brand, Casati, Leader, Geapplicances, fisher&paykel, aqua, and Candy, with the launch of the smart family eco-brand three-wing bird, which comprehensively covers the global mainstream market segment and enhances the capacity of the ecological platform.
In terms of the shares of the overseas regions, Heir’s share varies considerably from region to region. Asia and the Pacific, Austronews, etc., have a clear lead; Europe and the United States rank ahead, but they do not close the gap; and emerging markets such as Latin America and Central and East Africa have a lower share.
Realistic factors, such as competition patterns, are also strongly influenced by firms’ behaviour in overseas brand acquisition and localization. In general, companies’ long-standing brand-out patterns have achieved impressive results, but there are still parts of them that are on the rise, and we will try to explore the opportunities and challenges of companies’ subsequent development, both at home and abroad, from a brand perspective.
After a sustained overseas branding drive, companies have achieved a remarkable scale of business in Europe and America, Australia, Japan, South-East Asia, South Asia, etc., but due to differences in the development stages of different markets, and differences in the pace of brand acquisition, firms’ patterns and speed of growth have been differentiated across regions. The largest share of this is in the Euro-American market, where the Americas and Europe split between their overseas revenues in 2024.
Not 56.9 per cent, 22.9 per cent; the sub-South Asian market 8.2 per cent; AUSCANZ, Japan, South-East Asia, etc., only to this end, we consider it necessary to synthesize corporate brands and developments abroad on a regional basis.
North American markets are more mature, driven by higher average prices. North American markets, as the world’s leading developed country, have grown more maturely in domestic electricity. According to Ewy data, the volume of electricity sold in North America between 2011 and 2024 was 1.3 per cent, or $82.34 billion, an increase of 2.7 per cent.
The North American market is also relatively concentrated as a highly mature home power market, and branding is an important pillar of corporate globalization strategies. In 2016, the Heel Group announced $5.4 billion in cash to buy home appliances under the United States General Electric (GE) flag, and it was completed in June of that year.
This deal is Hal’s strategic layout in the North American market, not only to expand the share of the international market, but also through powerful brands.
Power, a mature network of channels, and local manufacturing systems quickly penetrate the U.S. high-end home power market, leading to brand upgrades and technological convergence. Thanks to ge’s contribution to corporate North American revenues, the company’s Americas has grown by 24.8% from $63.71 billion in 2020 to $79,530 million in 2024.
After acquiring the Gea in 2016, the company promoted a steady increase in the share of Gea in North America, which exceeded the share of Hue in 2018, became the first brand in North America, with the share rising from 15.4% in 2016 to 21% in 2024, and the Heir brand.
From 2.8 per cent in 2016 to 3.1 per cent in 2024, the whole Heir group, through the development of co-ordinated Heir and Gea, replenished the ice-washing class of Heir. In terms of specific items, the advantage of Gea in cooking electricity before being acquired was more pronounced, with 11 per cent of the year of ice rising to 15.3 per cent in 2024, and surpassing Heipu in 2021.
In this regard, we believe that the company’s strategy to bring about a brand surge through the acquisition of the Gea in North America has had very successful results, in a stable market such as North America, which uses its channel resources to empower the Heir brand, on the one hand, and Heir’s global procurement, R & D advantages, on the other, to elevate the Gea brand to the top of the North American market.
3.3 The European market: the acquisition of Candy, the dynamic Eastern European market, is different from the North American market, has a large number of countries and channels, and has a relatively fragmented electricity market, but for the European market, the whole of the domestic electricity market is still relatively mature for the developed region. According to Ewy data, in 2011 - 2024, all Eastern Europeans sold electricity.
The volume of cagr was 0.5%, and the sales capr 6.3%, which was mainly a large increase in the average price, as compared to the North American market since 2010, and was largely reflected in the scale of the increase in the average price, which was more mature in Western Europe than in Eastern Europe. In 2019, the Heil Jiist announced the purchase of Italian electricity for about €475 million.
Businesscandy has full ownership of the European market. Candy, as the old European electric brand, has complete product lines in the areas of washing machines, dishwashers, kitchen appliances, and small household appliances, and has established extensive local distribution and service networks in Italy, France, Spain, etc., with 86% of its income coming from the European region. Candy has a candy, hoover, and so on.
And the three brands of Rossières as a core brand matrix, most of which locates the public market, emphasizing the value for money of the product, figure 39: The income structure of Candy in 2016, Italy
• Iberian • Russia — Germany, Austria, Switzerland
Poland  other European countries  other continents
The European domestic electricity market is highly fragmented, and Candy faces a single bottleneck of growth due to size constraints and brand positioning. Hale's intervention not only injected capital and technology resources, but also increased Candy's operational efficiency through supply chain integration and multi-brand collaboration, raising its share in the European market.
Up to 5.5 per cent in 2024, and up to 4.4 per cent in 2024 in Western Europe, the share of cities rose from 3.7 per cent in 2019 to Heir, which enabled Haile to fill the short layout of the Western European market and accelerate the strategy of “localizing manufacturing + local branding” as a key link in the Heir globalization landscape.
3.4 New Australasia Market: The market is stable in size, the head brand of Fisher&paykel is largely stable, and the head brand is bought. Compared to the European and American markets, the average price of the Australian market has not risen significantly, with the average price of electricity rising from $544 in 2010 to $605 in 2024, with the highest build-up of holdings.
As a result, the size of domestic electricity in the entire Australian market remained largely stable, rising from $2.46 billion in 2010 to $3.66 billion in 2024, compared with 2.9 per cent in Cagr, a highly mature market where companies adopted brand acquisition strategies that were different from those in the European and American markets, not one brand for empowerment, but rather for the direct choice of the local head brand.
The Hale Group acquired New Zealand ' s high-end home brand, Fisher&paykel, for approximately NZ$ 927 million (approximately US$ 766 million) in 2012, and was commissioned by Haile ' s thinkers to run fisher&paykel in 2015 and acquired it in 2018.
The central motivation for the purchase is that f&p has a number of leading high-end technology and design patents, especially multi-temper smart refrigerators, double drawer washing machines and microprocessor-controlled washing systems. In addition, f&p’s network of channels in New Zealand and North America has also provided Haile with an important springboard for accessing Oceania and borrowing European markets.
Since the acquisition, Hal and Fisher & Paykel have achieved good synergies in a variety of areas, such as product technology, distribution channels, and procurement, leading to a sustained increase in the number of Hal and Fisher & Paykel brands in the Australasia market. Between 2015 and 2024, the share of Fisher & Paykel in Australia rose from 10.6% to 13.1%, and Heir brands in Australia from 1.9%.
There has been a significant increase in the category of washing machines. In terms of specific items, the case of fisher&paykel is similar to that of gea, with a more pronounced pre-acquisition advantage for cooking electricity and a relative vulnerability to ice washing. The rate of washing machines in the city of Australia rose from 16.5% in 2015 to 25.9% in 2024. The rate in the city of Heir rose from 3.1% in 2015 to 4.7% in 2024.
In general, the pattern of the Australian market is more mature and secure than in markets such as Europe and America, and companies have chosen local head brands such as fisher&paykel to access their resources and empower their global supply chains and research and development capabilities.
3.5 The Japanese market: Hal +aqua co-operates with the Japanese market, which has saturated as a former home power-producing country, so that the overall volume of sales has shrunk in recent years, relying mainly on average price increases to increase the size of the home-based sector.
Between 2011 and 2024, Japanese electricity sales to everyone amounted to -1.1 per cent and sales to 1.4 per cent, an average price increase of 41.7 per cent from US$ 433 in 2010 to US$ 614 in 2024.
White power operations like washing machines and refrigerators in Vietnam, Indonesia, the Philippines, Malaysia, etc., cover nine subsidiaries, two research and development centres, four manufacturing plants, and about 3,000 employees, with more than 1,200 patents and more than 50 trademark rights. At this time, the market for washing machines in Japan is about 15%, and Viet Nam’s market share in refrigerators is 30%, well above the then Heir.
Hale uses this to quickly match the technology, brand, production, and channels, localize its operations, leverage its research and development capabilities and regional influence, increase product line abundance and expand market coverage. At the same time, South-East Asia and Japan are well-established and competitive, Japan’s native brand dominates, and Helming captures the three-ocean non-core asset stripper in order to accelerate the process.
Entering Asian markets, building a “haier +aqua/sanyo” strategy, fast-tracking into high-end white power. 3.6 Emerging markets: A clear upward trend in consumption is expected to become a new growth point. Overall, in emerging markets such as South-East and South Asia, consumer sales are growing faster than sales, with local economies.
Hal has established a certain market position in emerging markets such as South-East Asia and South Asia, with about 5 pp in brand shares in India, Indonesia, the Philippines, Thailand, etc.
In emerging markets, companies still have a strong local acquisition potential, in addition to a clear upward trend in consumption in local markets and an increase in the share of Heir brands. In the context of the company’s “hard and easy” international strategy, as well as the cost advantages of China’s exchange rate and policy support, Hal could further acquire regional local brands or sub-leads.
Field firms (e.g. cold chain equipment, smart cooking power, smart architecture, etc.) complement short panels. Overall, Haile’s acquisition path in emerging markets is still wide in terms of high-end intelligence, b-end commercial, segmented markets and local resource integration.
4 Global synergy, efficiency gains, profit space release, and the process of recapturing Heir's global branding can be seen as having experienced three leaps of autonomous creation, home-grown innovation, and high-end innovation, "go-go." From a profit margin perspective, Hal is currently cutting off non-net interest rates at a level comparable to that of the rest of the world.
At a lower level of comparable companies, we believe that the pressure on their profitability stems mainly from the drag of overseas operations, and that in the three-step process of Heir’s global creation, their profitability will be released as efficiency and manufacturing capacity improves.
In this context, it is not only for China ' s electricity enterprises to break through stock competition and expand the space for development, but also as a challenge to the ability of China ' s electricity enterprises to domesticate.
Behind it is the support of home-grown R & D, home-grown manufacturing, and home-based marketing “triple” arrangements. Today, Haile has set up 10 major R & D centers, 71 research institutes, 35 industrial parks, 143 manufacturing centers, and 230,000 distribution networks to serve 1 billion user households around the world.
At the same time, the risk is conducive to the sustained expansion of overseas markets through rapid response.
The company's ongoing brand acquisition abroad, while realizing the strategic need to “go out” brand business, while the other side is able to take full advantage of the technology research and development synergies of global home brands in order to achieve a “go-to-go” strategy for brand business overseas, is able to integrate youth through the 10-plus-n Global Research and Development Centre and Hope Open Platform (links over 1 million resources).
Island headquarters, the Gea North American team, the European Research and Development Centre, etc., have multiple forces to achieve cross-regional technological complementarities. These are mainly in the form of nuclear heart patent sharing and joint technology development: (1) Core patent sharing: Hal has widely applied the direct-drive technology of Fisher&paykel to the cards.
Satyr's high-end cleaning of products and a dual breakthrough in silence and precision control. This technological path of "M&A-Collaborative Integration-Global Reuse" not only allows Hale thinkers to localize product technologies in different global markets, but also to build up industry-led technological synergies.
(2) Joint technology development: integration of the whole system integration design of the Qingdao R & D Centre, the technology of the North American team for heat exchange systems and the innovation of the European team for drying algorithms, and joint development of the combo super-efficient dry-up machine. In the United States, user washing time is still running out of electricity, Geappliances and Haier washing, Hal Europe's Triangular
Together, a combo heat pump dryer was developed and successfully marketed in 2023 under the profile brand, and the industry was washed out in six hours, and combo could be done in two hours, with 50% energy savings. The roller roller was introduced, with a retail price of $2999. But six months later, it had overtaken 100,000 orders and triggered a roller wash.
A rapid increase in the overall share of clothing machines - from only 4 per cent to 19 per cent. Figure 68: Combo washing machines 4.3 Financial analysis: the profit margin space for branding is yet to be released
Corporate performance is high, low net profit. The Māori ratio has been comparable since 2020, with companies performing better overall than comparable companies for sales patterns, product positioning, and adherence to obm operations. But, in terms of withholding non-net interest rates, corporate profitability has continued to be weaker than comparable companies, and we believe that Grigg is a strong player.
A similar internal and external distribution structure, similar product diversity, and Hal’s profitability still have room for improvement. Heir’s profitability performance is divided with comparable companies after 2015.
The difference in price positioning, which we have chosen to analyse from the gross sales margin, shows that in 2014 and before Helmian showed a similar performance to that of comparable companies, and that in 2015 and beyond, Helmow’s performance began to polarize with comparable companies. To this end, we believe that the differentiation in the performance of Heir’s profitability after 2015 is related to the global M&A strategy that it started during the same period.
In terms of profitability, there is room for improvement. The Māori ratio is also significantly weaker than in-country before companies start global M&As, and the Pythal brand power and price index are weak globally. In 2015, after companies started buying high-quality overseas brand assets, the Māori ratio of overseas operations was significantly higher, but at the time of the acquisition, it was clear.
From the point of view of the profit margin, Hal’s Māori rate for overseas operations has remained relatively stable since the acquisition, but the profits of overseas households from electricity and smart families have grown mildly. Under the acquisition, overseas operations are more flexible than profit.
Resilient, but Hal insists on using strategies such as “one person, one” to improve the efficiency of overseas operations, and we believe that, while Haile's overseas operations are still a drag on overall profitability, they have continued to be optimized in recent years, and it is still possible to release profit space by improving efficiency, cost-side, productivity-upgrading, and so on.
At the cost side, the acquisition process is bound to be accompanied by additional financial reorganization costs, as well as additional sales and management costs under the purchase branding. So we can see a significant increase in the cost side of the company starting in 2015. The most obvious of this is the financial cost, which increased in 2016 due to the size of the interest-bearing liability.
Back in recent years, with the peak of the acquisition period, the company’s cost rates have begun to fall, and production capacity has been upgraded to improve the cost side. At the cost end, the company’s overseas plant still has a portion of the acquisition’s own capacity, with problems of low automation and inefficient production, and a combination of higher overseas manpower costs, leading to the company’s living abroad.
High production costs are reflected in the “high brand positioning and low Maori rate” of overseas operations. Over the years, Haile has built 10 lighthouse plants that form a unique global cluster of industry lighthouses, the largest Chinese industry in the world with the most number of lighthouses.
In recent years, companies have continued to upgrade offshore manufacturing capacity through self-building and upgrading of overseas production capacity, leading to improved profitability.
In addition to overseas profit margins, the profitability of the company's various product categories has been differentiated, and the profitability of the premium ice cream has been excellent, but the profitability of the air conditioner category has been weaker than that of comparable companies. On the one hand, we believe that the company has a lower share of the air conditioner market and a weaker size effect, and on the other, the company has a lower than comparable layout of core parts, such as compressors.
The company. With Heir’s growing up in air conditioning operations, it is expected to become a new profit growth point. In recent years, Heir has had layouts for core air conditioning components compressors and commercial refrigeration: (1) compressors: signed shares in the sea.
On 19 January 2023, Heil Jijits, a fully-owned subsidiary of the Qingjia Hyeshima Air Conditioners Company, signed an agreement with Hae Li, both parties are planning a joint venture to build a compressor plant in Chengzhou City. On 8 April 2023, Chungzhou Electric Electric Co. Ltd. made the foundation for a base that plans to produce 15 million annual air conditioners, one of which is expected to produce 6 million units.
In the first half of 2024, the joint venture’s registered capital was 200 million yuan, with a 51% share in the shares of the Seal, and a 49% share in the Hale air conditioners. In this partnership, Heir aims to build capacity for deep integration with air-conditioning operations and controllable compressors, reduce costs, and drive growth in the revenue and profitability of the air-conditioning industry.
(2) Commercial Refrigeration: Acquisition of the good profit, klimakft acquisition of the good business refrigeration business: On 14 December 2023, Hale Jiist announced that a 100 per cent share in the commercial refrigeration business under the global flag was acquired at a price of approximately $640 million.
This marks the expansion of Hale’s think-tank from “family cooling” to “commercial refrigeration.” The acquisition of klimakft: On March 14, 2025, Heir EurohouseCoopers announced an agreement with e.on myergykft for the purchase of shares and the purchase of 100% of klimakft’s shares.
In the heating, refrigeration, and construction industries, this acquisition will increase the influence of Helmway Europe in the Hungarian market and extend its scope to neighbouring countries, accelerating growth in Central and Eastern Europe. Overall, we believe that Hel’s global card-making strategy is now in the hands of a “three-step” strategy.
As far as profitability is concerned, the rapid expansion of Heir’s share of the global market has been accompanied by problems of overseas productivity, cost, and so forth.
It is in focus that in recent years we can see that the profit-end pressures of intensive acquisitions are gradually being eased and the profit margin released, so we believe that, in the face of the trend towards globalization, Heir, the home-grown leader, still has a stronger competitive advantage, while the profit-side 1) takes into account the company's continuous improvement of its product structure, its increased profitability, and the fact that the company's Casati brand is growing faster than the whole.
The company's average price of ice-washing products is expected to increase, and so is the Māori rate. Assuming that the company's sales of refrigerators will remain at a compound rate of 3% for the next three years, the average price will remain at a compound rate of about 2% for the next three years; the sales of washing machine products will remain at a compound rate of 3% for the average price. 2) The company focuses on building air-conditioning operations, and the Māori rate of air-conditioning operations will rise rapidly in the context of the trend towards scale.
The sales of air conditioners have remained at a compound rate of about 8 per cent, with an average price increase of 7 per cent/5 per 2 per cent for the same year, and a no-risk rate of 25 per cent for air conditioned products and 1 per cent for five-year national debt rates, assuming 1.5 per cent, and a market-based compensation rate of 9.05 per cent for the five-year Dow Jones industry index;
The result of absolute valuations is likely to be about $33.17 per share. Considering that absolute valuations are too sensitive to assumptions like transitional growth rates, sustained growth rates, and wacc, they do not apply absolute valuations.
In terms of valuation, we have chosen white-column-like groups similar to the layout of the company’s business, glycerines, and oceanics as comparable companies. Given the company’s high market share and brand visibility, air conditioning and overseas profitability continue to improve, high-end brands dominate consumers’ minds, globalization.
We're looking at the company’s high market share and brand visibility for ice-washing products, the continuous improvement of air-conditioning and overseas profitability, high-end branding, consumer intelligence, global layout and home-grown operational leadership, which will support profitability in the future.
The risk of price volatility of raw materials: the cost of purchasing raw materials is higher in the company’s production costs, and if future prices of raw materials fluctuate significantly and companies fail to take effective measures in due course, they will run the risk of falling profits. The risk of falling demand as a result of the slowdown in global economic growth: corporate products are sold globally, if global growth slows down.
Tariff policy risks: Hale thinkers adhere to a global strategy of global positioning, setting up production bases around the world to operate offshore. If companies are exposed to tariff plus sales abroad, so on, it will have a negative impact on companies’ offshore operations.
Risk of exchange rate fluctuations: The higher share of corporate external sales, mainly in the United States dollar, and the volatility of exchange rates will affect the company ' s income and exchange gains and losses on United States dollar-denominated goods, and consequently the performance of the company ' s operations, not for any reason, not for any reason, nor for any form of direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or views in the present report.