The domestic air-conditioning industry's chain of operations, with more flowers abroad, October 30, 2025, Hale Jijitsu (stock code: 600690).
Quarterly reports issued by the company for the third quarter of 2025: 2025 q1-3, company operating income of 234.05 billion yuan, equivalent to a net operating cash flow of 17.490 billion yuan, corresponding to +21.2 per cent, q1/q2/q3 operating in the domestic market, digitized reform of channels, air-conditioning chain effects: 1) 2025 q1-3, revenue from the Chinese district
Land-based thinking: billions of dollars, compared to 3.2 per cent.2) Hale’s digital transformation, further upgrading of channels and marketing competitiveness, with a steady increase in the share of the previous multi-brand operating matrix; 25q1-3 high-end Kasati
18 per cent increase, Leader brand income 25 per cent increase; Leader District washing machine captures young people's needs and becomes a cash bust, with a cumulative sales of 200,000 by the end of September.
In particular, the ability to integrate the air-conditioning industry has improved, with the company ' s domestic air-conditioning industry growing by more than 30% in the first quarter.
The Bureau’s strategy has not been significantly influenced by changes in United States tariffs. A global push for “four-net” systems (logistics networks, information networks, service networks, and marketing networks) will further enhance competitiveness in overseas markets.
This includes a steady increase in the share of refrigerators, washing machines, and the upward positioning of the value-added Candy through the model, with the q3 European Heating Business revenue rising by more than 30% on a year-on-year basis. Europe’s inefficient production capacity is shut down, and it is supplied to Chinese factories. We expect that the profitability of Europe’s operations will continue to improve.
Keeping up the positive growth trend. 25q1-3, South Asia, South-East Asia, and Central and East Africa, respectively, with revenues above growth.
Increased, digital marketing over time. 2. [Galaxy] Company apparel.
3. [Galaxy's Power] company took stock of the household electricity industry — Hale's think-tank: steady response to global challenges, steady improvement in business operations, a strategy for globalizing supply chains, and a strategy that has not been significantly influenced by changes in United States tariffs.
Figure 2: Corporate operating income and yoy (quarterly) (ii) Main financial costs of companies
(i) Downside of the country ' s regress, with a drop of 2.5 per cent in household air conditioner sales in September and short-term pressure on air conditioners expected to continue in September. 1) Industry online data on the volume of 5.94 million air conditioners sold in September 2025, compared to 2.5 per cent.
As a result, in the provinces there is a tendency to control the rate of expenditure on subsidies, mainly in the form of daily subsidy restrictions, reduction in the number of subsidized items, suspensions, etc., and, on the other hand, in the light of weather disturbances, installation was hampered by successive rains throughout the country in September. (2) In October, retailing on the air-conditioning line was significantly better than below the line. vc weekly data, 25w40-42 (9.29-10.19) is empty.
Retail sales/retail sales are equal to +0.9 per cent/-1.3 per cent respectively, and some of the channel enterprises are partially offsetting the pressure on the national reciprocating slopes; line 6. q4 follow-up q4 production shows that the industry has some prognosis on the base of the national replenishments of last year, as well as on the impact of the current national regressing slopes. Industry online data for the month of 10/11/12 reflect 11.5 per cent/-8.4 per cent/-9.9 per cent respectively compared to the previous year’s sales performance in the same period.
Cgs (ii) Average domestic air conditioner prices improved after the end of the price war in China's Galaxy securities.
1) The average retail price of the air-conditioning line continued down in April-July, 3978 yuan in July, down 10% from April; the average price went up in August, 4132/4300 yuan in August; the average price went up and down in October, down to $4003 in the third week. The average retail price of the online market went up again, and 25w42 (10.13-10.19) was 2457 yuan per station, up from 13.1% in June.
The share of sales has remained at around 14% for almost a year, with no consecutive increase in the ring. The competitive pattern in the industry has improved, during which the general profit rate of AC-II has increased and the market share has risen.
The average retail price has reached $2359 per station, compared with the average price of June +14.9 per cent, and the rest of the brand line has improved to varying degrees. (iii) The continued decline in the volume of air conditioners exported since May, with attention to the corporate offshore production base The shift in export emissions compared to the export performance of the same period last year - 9.4 per cent/-6.6 per cent/-1.2 per cent, continues to reflect the transfer of United States orders abroad and exports to the same base.
3) The global production base for air conditioners is widely distributed, with Thailand being the main air conditioner production base outside China, with 8.8 per cent of imports of United States air conditioners (sitc7415) in 2024 from Thailand, but with some impact on US customs risks, overseas supply chain construction can hedge risks for high-quality listed companies.
4) Low air-conditioning penetration rates in emerging market countries and the European region, with high global temperatures and high growth in air-conditioning exports over the years, particularly in 2024, where there are channels for de-drawn stocks. But the trend towards higher penetration rates and global warming of the world’s climate is increasing, China’s Galaxy Securities Institute
Figure 23: Share of exports from major domestic air-conditioning companies (external/internal, 25/24o1-3) (iv) Central air-conditioning sales are under pressure, but exports are growing
Air-conditioning sales were $121.5 billion, a decline of 3.8 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the continuing low real-estate market, the slow pace of industrial investment and weak demand for central air-conditioning terminals; the volume of central air-conditioning sales was 77.4 billion yuan in January-August 2025, a decline of 8.2 per cent in the same year, with the same August as China ' s enterprise ' s global competitiveness and share-led export growth in recent years. Industry online data, Central Air-conditioning, 2024
Exports amounted to 23.2 billion yuan, an increase of 39.8 per cent over the same period; in January-August 2025, export sales amounted to 16.8 billion yuan, an increase of 16.7 per cent over the same period, and (v) heat pumps: the domestic promotion of high-quality development in the heat pump industry, exports are reflected in a bottom-up rebound.
Departments such as the National Development Reform Commission have co-published the Action Plan for Quality Development in the Heat Pump Industry, which focuses on the use of heat pumps in priority areas such as construction in the country, industry, agriculture, and transport, proposing a 20% or more increase in energy efficiency in priority heat pump products by 2030, and a breakthrough in core technologies such as high-temperature heat pumps, high-efficiency compressors, and new refrigerants. According to industry online data, heat pumps will be sold in 2024.
Since the second half of the year, the European-American heat pump has been moving out of the reservoir cycle, and the single-month rate of increase has gradually improved. As a result of the lower base, the export of the heat pump in January-August 2025 has grown by 22.5% over the same period.
Ice washing: Internal sales are dominated by the need for upgrading (i) and sales are dominated by the need for upgrading, and sales have been on a platform for many years. The demand for refrigerators has long been dominated by the need for upgrading, with sales peaking more than a decade ago as a result of electricity and electricity downland.
Box sales are on a more stable platform, with a slight decline or a small increase. In 2024, driven by a policy of domestic electricity supplementation and an old-new-change policy, the refrigerator market recovered in the second half of the year and domestic sales grew by 3.1 per cent throughout the year (industry online).
The sales of washing machines are similar to those of air conditioners and have benefited from the effective activation of potential demand through the replacement of old and new policies, adding high quality, energy-efficient products to facilitate product structural upgrading, bringing the cumulative volume of sales in washing machines to 4,482,000 in 2024, an increase of 6.7 per cent over the previous year. Figure 36: Number of sales in washing machines (annual)
China Galaxy Securities Institute China Galaxy Securities Institute (II) Ice wash export follow-up pressure
My national electricity company has been active in globalizing the demand from emerging market countries, adding up to recent years, with an impressive increase of 18.6 per cent in our refrigerator exports in 2024, and industry online data, which compares the output of refrigerator exports with the previous year ' s performance of -1 per cent, -1.5 per cent and -4.1 per cent, respectively.
The technical, cost and quantitative production advantages of our washing machines, combined with customs concerns in the overseas market, prompted businesses to pre-position their goods, which in 2024 amounted to 4.51 million exports, an increase of 17.3 per cent over the same period.
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and has clearly and accurately reflected its research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness.