Heir thinker Haiersmarthome (600690ch) has a bright performance and long-term growth is still in place.
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeappendix1forenglichsummary) better than the big city maintinoutperform
(a) The sum of $23,054 million, representing an increase of 9.98 per cent in the same year, which was higher than the sum of $25,044 million, issued by the City ' s outperform company;
htiesg e-s-g: 0-5, (pleaserebertotheappendixforesgcomments) Company q3 earnings and profits continued to perform well for the first half of the year, with overall Māori rates for the first three quarters
On the Chinese market, US$ 176.04mn had accumulated revenue growth of 9.5 per cent in the first three quarters and 10.8 per cent in the middle of the q3 quarter, of which the air conditioners had increased revenue by more than 30 per cent in the third quarter.
Excellent. At the end of the sub-brand, the company increased by 18 per cent in the last three quarters of Kassati, and by 25 per cent in the pricereturn-mscichina, leading to good performance in the whole of China.
With regard to overseas markets, cumulative corporate income grew by 10.5 per cent in the previous three quarters and by 8.3 per cent in the first three quarters, with companies maintaining a global home-grown business strategy, robust North American markets, product structure upgrading, and efficient expansion of air and water operations in Europe.
The quality and share of white power operations in the continent’s markets have continued to rise, and the warm-up business has continued to grow. In emerging markets, the size of revenues in such markets as South Asia, South-East Asia, and Central and East Africa is all very large.
The matrix is synergized. At the domestic level, companies are always responding fast and fast to market changes, guaranteeing growth momentum. At the overseas end, companies are growing fast in emerging markets, and Euro-American mature markets continue to grow. We expect companies to grow in 25-27 years.
Jummer mochenzhu