Jiangxi Copper Industry (600362). The mineral copper-leading copper giant, the copper-rich one, is ahead of the market and has a greater elastic performance. The company ' s copper concentrate is the main financial indicator for the domestic industry (in millions of yuan).
In the first place, the cost of mining production is relatively fixed, and in the copper boom it can be more profitable to increase prices. Corporate profits are closely related to the copper industry, and in the same class of listed companies, the market value of the river is the lowest compared to the copper produced in the mines, and the price of the copper rises.
In 2017, companies smelted and processed copper on a scale of more than 1 million tons, with significant advantages in operating on a scale.
The core member of the joint negotiating group on copper raw materials, the company's smelting base, is relatively stable. And the boom in the new energy automobile and lithium battery industry around the world has led to a rapid increase in demand for lithium copper, a sharp rise in processing fees, and high-end copper in companies.
The market gap in the supply and demand of copper has widened, and the copper price hub has moved up. Global copper mineral growth has declined, company fundamentals (update)
New mines are relatively limited, while strikes by copper miners disrupt production in the production of mines, and the supply of raw copper concentrates is shrinking, constraining copper production. The global economy is back on track, copper consumption demand is growing steadily, and the global copper market supply and demand gap is widening.
Large, the price of copper is expected to shift upwards. Multiply. Given the company’s significant contribution to the company’s profits, the company’s business performance is more flexible in the context of rising copper prices.
Reflecting changes in the company's business performance, the increase in the company's share price and the increase in copper's prices are not matched. We expect the market to change as copper prices continue to be high, and the company's share price will be repaired, giving the first investment rating to the prudentially recommended.
It's different from what the market expects. Compared to what the market expects, we value more for the company's elasticity in producing copper, the company's lowest market value for copper from mines, and in the high copper prices and upswing cycles, mineral copper contributes significantly to the company's performance and effectively upgrades the company's integrity.
Significant expansion of copper mines, successful industrial negotiations in Chilean mines: (3) significant decline in corporate copper processing product profits: (4) market systemic risks, etc. 1. Focus on the copper industry ' s preferred target
The Jiangxi copper industry is the largest integrated copper production enterprise in the country that collects exploration, mining, mining, mining, smelting, processing, trading as one, and owns the largest open-air copper mine in the country — the Dehin copper mine and the largest, most technologically advanced and environmentally friendly copper smelter in the country — the Prey Creek Smelter. The public sector owns 1,441 million tons of copper and metals, representing about one third of the country's detected reserves for industrial mining: 210,000 tons of copper in the home-made copper concentrate.
Sea Stock Exchanges were successfully listed. Jiangxi Copper Group Limited, the first shareholder with a shareholding of 40.53%, eventually controlling Jiangxi Province, since its inception, has been closely tied to the main lines of operation in the copper industry, with the primary strategy of developing mines and controlling resources, moving up and down the industrial chain.
The company now owns more than 1.3 million tons of cathode copper per year, and the annual copper processing capacity more than 1 million tons. The company puts one in seven of the cathode copper products into the Chinese market every day, and is the leader of the Chinese copper industry.
According to the company ' s business performance over the years, the main revenue is derived from cathode copper and copper poles, which together account for more than 80 per cent of the main business income, and the mine will fully enjoy the increased copper price. The price of lme copper rose by 31.5 per cent in 2017, the same rate of Māori for cathode copper increased by 150 per cent, Māori increased to 63 per cent, and the company ' s elasticity was sufficient during the copper price boom.
Figure 2 has a sales income composition for the last five years. Figure 3 has a Māori composition for the last five years.
2.1 Adequate reserves of resources, leading copper mineral quantities The company owns the largest Devin copper mine in the country, as well as a number of copper-producing mines, of which 100 per cent of the identified copper-metal reserves are approximately 99,799 tons, while the combined company-controlled copper-metal reserves are approximately 4.43 million tons, estimated at the company's current annual copper-mining output, are still mined
According to the United States Geological Survey in 2017, China has only 3.89% of the global reserves of copper, a relatively scarce domestic reserves of copper, a heavy dependence on imports of copper resources, and a high level of resource security and cost advantages.
In 2017, the company produced 210,000 tons of copper a year, the highest in the industry, with 15.3% self-sufficiency in copper, after the UV mine. From the relatively fixed cost of production in mines, higher price gains can be realized in the copper boom and higher profits for the company. For decades, the company has focused on copper, and corporate profits are closely related to the copper industry, and we measure the market value of the copper in the same listed companies.
The copper ratio is the lowest, so the company’s market value is highly correlated with the copper price and is the most direct beneficiary of the copper price increase cycle.
2.2 The Dixin copper mine is the largest in the country and has a clear cost advantage. The Dixin copper mine is the company's main dry mountain and is the country's largest single rock-type copper mine, which has been discovered to contain 1.63 billion tons of copper ore. The mineral resources are characterized by large and concentrated reserves, shallow deposits, small extraction, large-scale open-air mining, easy access to choice, and cash from mining units.
The cost is much lower than the industry average. The Devin copper mine was established in 1958. The mine consists of copper factory mines, rich-land mines, and sorghum red mines, with a storage capacity of 5.79 million tons of copper metal, with an annual capacity of 16.53 tons of metal per year, while the country’s large copper mines produce about 60,000 tons, and the company’s mining capacity is well ahead of the level of industry and has a mining cost advantage.
During the year, the Devin copper extraction project achieved steady production, with copper containing 158,000 tons of copper, copper containing 24.22 per cent of copper concentrates, and copper recovery rates increased to 85.69 per cent. In 2014, the DeHing copper mine launched a comparison of the world ' s leading copper mine indicators with 44 indicators of the world ' s most advanced mines, implementing a "Back Breaking Focus, Focus on Customs" to promote a shift in German copper from a scale expansion to a quality-efficient one by 2020.
In 2017, 16 of the 20 German copper grade-to-line targets were closed, 4 were guaranteed, 12 were the best in nearly three years, and recovery rates for copper concentrates and copper selection continued to be high and cost-effective. According to the company ' s debt statement, the share of German copper mineral concentrates in the company ' s total mineral production remained stable at about 75% in 2014-2016, and quality copper resources and technology advantages were guaranteed.
The cost of mine selection is ahead of the domestic counterparts. Figure 10 shows a steady increase in copper recovery rates for Devine copper, 2.3 cathode copper profit splits: mineral copper contributions are high.
On the basis of this, we split the cathode copper business, which accounts for 60% of the company’s main business income, assuming that the Māori rate for trade in copper is consistent with the company’s overall Māori ratio, and that the treatment of Māori in copper units is highly related to the processing fee, which is calculated as up to $4,726 million.
The portion of the copper price increase amounts to $2.308 billion, and the remaining earnings are estimated to come from extra-benefits from the long-way contract premium and the time difference between production and sales. This is a strong indication of the very high performance elasticity of the company’s profits as a production-oriented enterprise during the period of the rise in copper prices, not only in terms of the increase in prices, but also in terms of additional gains such as the long-way contract premium.
For copper smelting, the share of the company ' s copper concentrates abroad is about 80%, mainly in the medium and long run. For the past three years, copper processing fees have fallen slightly, but they have remained relatively high, with Jiangcane, as a core member of China ' s joint negotiating group for copper imports, leading negotiations with world miners for six years, and with important words in the process of negotiating copper concentrate processing fees, guaranteeing the company ' s future smelting Maori relative stability.
In 2017, the largest copper processor in the country processed 113.57 million tons of copper products, seven modern copper processing plants under the flag, and copper pole lines in the processing of copper products.
At present, the copper pole industry not only faces excess capacity, but there is also a continuing expansion of capacity, increased competition in the industry, and in recent years, the company ' s copper poles have seen a marked decline in the Māori rate, but a slowdown in corporate equipment.
As a result of continuous upgrading, copper pole production has risen steadily, with a sharp increase in the collage price, with corporate copper pole operating revenue growing by 17.4 per cent in 2017, but the Māori rate has declined, while corporate copper poles have declined by 19.9 per cent. We expect that the copper pole processing fee will continue its downward trend, but taking into account that companies are actively optimizing product structures and efficiency gains, a relatively limited decrease in future copper poles is expected.
3.2 High-end copper bronze, Māori Gok, Jiangxi Province, Yez bronze, Inc., was established in June 2003 and co-financed by Jiangxi Copper Industry Co. Ltd. and Yaz bronze United States, with 93.84 per cent of the shares of the bronze, which mainly produces lithium battery, high temperature and long-range copper, ultra low profile copper, etc., with a capacity of 15,000 tons.
In 2017, Yaz Bronze Company realized a net profit of 205 million yuan, a net profit increase of 2.6 times greater and a net profit of 11.98% of the net profit of the Bronze in 2017. Lithium copper is one of the essential building blocks for lithium batteries, which are the core of new energy vehicles, with new energy vehicles and lithium batteries.
The boom in industry around the world has led to a rapid increase in demand for lithium-electric copper. And, owing to the limitations of the original equipment, process layout, etc., there are still significant difficulties in switching traditional copper-plating to lithium-based copper-supplementing, with long periods of new capacity-building and production, resulting in an oversupply of the lithium-cronium industry and persistent supply and demand gaps.
The future development of the industry is based on and supported by demand. Currently, the cost of processing copper in lithium batteries for new energy vehicles is between $4 and $4-45,000 per ton, while the cost of processing is between $2 and 25,000 per ton, while the cost of processing copper in six micro-mole is only between 10 and 20% higher than the cost of processing in the mainstream eight micro-metres, and the cost of processing can be up to $60,000 per ton, and when copper is measured at 50,000 yuan per ton, the rate of Māori in six micro-mega ton is 27%.
The high growth in the demand for lithium, copper, has led to rapid growth in corporate profitability and has also contributed to rapid expansion of the capacity of enterprises. According to data from the China-China Association of Electric Materials, a total of 118,000 tons of new copper can be expected to be produced annually in 2018, of which 94,000 tons, or 79.7 per cent, are expected to be produced by the end of 2018, with a total of 50.14 million tons expected to be produced by the end of 2018.
218,000 tonnes, or 43.5% of total capacity. But considering that the actual expansion of new copper production usually takes more than two years, the additional capacity will have a limited impact on the market supply in 2018, and copper processing costs are expected to remain relatively high.
Figure 15 Battery-grade copper processing fee high 4. Supply and demand gap widened, copper price hub moved upwards 4.1 copper price review
In the first three quarters of 2016, the global economy recovered mildly, the economic confidence index was gradually warming, and domestic supply-side reforms were gradually advancing, with copper prices stabilizing after five years of bear markets, maintaining a low-level wide-band shock overall. In October, the global economic boom was becoming increasingly positive, with the rapid expansion of European and American manufacturing, driving copper prices up rapidly, opening up a new upward spiral, with a 17.6 per cent rise in copper prices in 2016, and an overseas mine in 2017.
The mountain strike and the decline in copper mineral grade have led to a contraction in copper concentrate supply, while the simultaneous recovery in the global economy has been made clear, with new energy vehicles and vacant industries leading to an increase in copper consumption demand, which rose again throughout 2017, with a 31.7 per cent increase in copper prices. Since 2018, it has been affected by the China-United States trade war and increased production in major copper-producing countries around the world, with high copper prices falling to 6.
After a month, workers in the Escondida copper mine in Chile began a third round of contract negotiations with Bundon, and trade unions demanded a one-time bonus of $34,000 and a 5 per cent wage increase, which could make labour negotiations difficult, with the market expected to increase the probability of a strike, while the copper mine accounted for nearly 5 per cent of the world’s main copper supply.
For 15,480,000, an increase of 11.3 per cent over the same period; of these, about 10,530,000 were sold internally, an increase of 10.2 per cent over the same period, driven by both supply and demand, the price of Renco continued to rise, with a new four-year high of $7348 per ton on 7 June.
Apart from such factors as tightening, investors have doubts as to whether copper prices will remain high, whether the performance of listed companies will continue to improve, and we will rule from the supply and demand side that copper is largely positive and that the copper price center will gradually rise. 4.2 Additional mines will be limited and raw materials will contract.
Global copper mining peaks in 2012 - 2013, with fewer new plans for large-scale mining and near-end releases of copper minerals. Due to the long lead times in the construction of copper mining projects, it will take at least 10 years from the establishment of large-scale projects to the start of production, taking into account social relations, the availability of water resources and the longer period required to obtain cash flows, mining enterprises tend to be cautious about new mining.
The significant increase in mountain capital spending is due to a sharp rise in copper prices, which continued to fall in 2011-2015 and reduced capital spending by mining companies, resulting in a global decline in the rate of increase in copper. In terms of future progress in the production of mines, the year 2018 is mainly due to the gold mine, which is under the flag of Carnival, with a peak of production release of 1,413 million tons in 2020.
According to the latest data from the World Bureau of Metal Statistics, global mining production of 20.19 million tons of copper in 2017 fell by 1.3 per cent in the same year, while copper consumption in 2017 amounted to 23.73 million tons in the same year, an increase of 1.4 per cent in the same year, representing a shortfall of 21.26 million tons in the supply and demand of copper throughout the year, an increase of 102,000 tons in 2016. Since 80 per cent of all global copper refining was produced from mineral copper and 20 per cent from scrap copper recycling, the decline in mineral copper production would have a direct impact on copper production in 2018.
In January-March, global mineral copper production was 4.9 million tons, an increase of 3.9 per cent over the same period, taking into account the expansion of mining production and the addition of new mines, and we expect that mining copper will grow at a rate of 3 per cent in 2018.
Based on the copper concentrate processing fee, the copper concentrate chief single processing fee (tc/rcs) has been declining since 2016. At the end of December 2017, the copper marina and free port agreed on a copper concentrate processing fee for 2018, set at $8225/tonne and rc (refining fee) per pound. This represents a significant decrease of 11.08% over the 2017 tc&rc processing fee.
In addition, the market transaction price for copper concentrates continues to be below the procurement base set by the Joint Negotiating Group for copper raw materials (cspt), and the supply of copper mines is shrinking. 4.3 Strikes are frequent and production in mines is declining.
Chile, as the world ' s largest copper producer, produced 5.33 million tons of copper ore in 2017, or 26.4 per cent of total global production, for single-body mines. According to the latest data from the International Copper Study Group, in 2017, the top 20 countries produced 9 million tons of copper ore in copper-producing mines, accounting for 44.6 per cent of total global production.
40%. In 2018, Chile will enter into the busiest year of contract negotiations in history, with 32 trade unions negotiating a pay contract, with a larger share of Chilean copper in the world, a single-mine strike that will have an impact on global copper supply. Future copper supply prospects are more likely than in the case of copper strikes and copper prices. Historical experience shows that in the context of the overall supply and demand of copper, there is no doubt about the strikes in large copper mines.
In February 2017, the largest copper mine worker in the world held a 44-day strike, the longest strike in Chile ' s history, affecting 214,000 tons of copper output. The strike was stimulated by a rapid rise in Bronze prices, which rose to US$ 6204/ton on 13 February, reaching the highest price since May 2015.
A third round of negotiations is under way between the miners and the miners, and if they fail to reach a compromise before the 31 July 2018 collective agreement expires, they may face a new strike in August, affecting the global supply of copper.
The overall demand for copper is closely related to macroeconomic trends and is marketed as “Dr. Copper” because of its high conductivity, heat conductivity, durability, corrosivity, grindability, etc., which are widely applied in the construction industry, machine manufacturing, electrical and electronic industries. According to the World Economic Outlook Report issued by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on 17 April, despite the current situation,
At the global level, the risks of rising debt levels and rising trade protectionism continue to expand at a rate that exceeds potential growth rates in advanced economies, and growth in emerging markets and developing economies has accelerated, with global economic growth projected at 3.9 per cent in 2018 and 2019, with overall economic performance better than previously forecast. The global manufacturing pmi index has been on the decline since 2018, albeit at a deceleration in its high position.
In May, the United States manufacturing pmi was 58.7, the ring rose by 1.4 points, exceeding market expectations, the United States manufacturing industry picked up steadily, and the economy maintained its positive trend. Figure 23imf projected a global economic growth rate of 3.9% in 2018.
Figure 24 Maintenance of expansion in manufacturing in major economies and broad and robust growth in the global economy will drive steady growth in demand for copper consumption. And the outbreak of growth in new energy cars will be a bright spot for growth in copper consumption.
The amount of copper used in new-energy cars is two to three times that used in conventional vehicles, and is expected to reach 1.74 million tons of copper in new-energy vehicles by 2027, accounting for about 6% of total copper demand. Because of the very wide use of copper, new applications have been expanding, and overall maintenance has increased over the course of 100 years of copper consumption, with a clear annual compound increase of 3.4%.
Combined with the above-mentioned analysis, the global copper market supply and demand gap is expected to widen as a result of the disruption of production in the production of active mines by strikes by copper miners, the relatively limited production of new mines, the shrinking supply of raw copper concentrates, and the persistent growth in copper consumption. We estimate the gap in copper supply and demand for the period 2018-2019 to be 350,000 tons and 460,000 tons, respectively.
The supply and demand gap in the copper market increased to 350,000 tons in the year 252018, and the other processing copper-rich rates in the company maintained a small increase.
Chart 28, pb-brand, is 31.17 times the price of the company per ttm and 1.18 times the price of the company. We have chosen the Yunnan copper industry, the copper masonry and the purple gold mining industry as comparable companies with an average of 37.11 times the value of the pe ttm and 1.99 times the price of the company.
The company has a valuation advantage compared to the average of companies comparable to the industry. Performance is more elastic; at the same time, the company ' s smelting and processing of copper is relatively stable, and high-end copper is kept high, while the current value of the company ' s shares does not reflect changes in the company ' s business performance, and the increase in the company ' s shares does not match the increase in copper prices.
In part, the market is expected to change and the company’s share price will be repaired, with the first investment rating to be given to “precautiously recommended.” (1) global economic growth has fallen short of expectations, with a significant reduction in demand for copper and a downside risk for copper; (2) significant expansion of production in mines, successful industrial negotiations in Chilean mines, and no significant decline in copper supply, resulting in a lower than expected increase in copper prices;
(3) The new energy sector has not developed as much as expected, leading to a significant decline in corporate profits on copper-processing products; (4) market systemic risks, a significant decline in industry valuation levels, etc. The report is produced by Chinese securities, which are used only by customers of Chinese securities. The company will not be treated as a customer by the recipients of this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and views expressed in the report do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
An independent assessment shall be made, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc.