Nim drops, investment returns show up, and the comptoir's semi-annual report for 2024.
Merchant Bank (stock code: 600036) Event: Companies published their semi-annual report for 2024. Small negative growth in net revenue and marginal improvement: 2024h1, companies achieving operating income and repatriation
The performance, however, improved from a quarter-by-quarter margin, mainly from the high non-interest-earning contribution of Zhang I, which was centred on investment returns, and a narrow reduction in both net interest income and middle business income.
and 15bp, but down by 2bp from a quarter, interest-bearing asset return by 23bp from year to year, retail loans increased by 3% from the beginning of the year and were driven mainly by consumer loans and micro-credits, which increased by 25.27% and 7.47%, respectively, at the beginning of the year. Increased periodicization of end-of-debt deposits led to cost rigidity. As of the end of June,
Corporate deposits grew by 6.22 per cent from the beginning of the year, with business time deposits and retail time deposits leading the industry at the beginning of the year, with a strong risk countervailing capacity.
Balance, balance sheets are steadily expanding, retail financial systems are gaining significant advantages, wholesale financial specialization is increasing, wealth management and asset management are becoming more competitive, digital finance efficiency is releasing, moving from “line-to-line” to “smart” and opening up space for medium- and long-term business development.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.