Resource and Environmental Research Centre, company ' s annual performance report 2020, published on 5 April 2021 and its performance in the first quarter of 2021, increased by 34.29 per cent on a year-on-year basis; q1 achieved a net return profit of $4.137 billion on a year-on-year basis in 2021
The Helium petrochemicals fast track 2020 and the first quarter 2021 performance advance announcement confirm that we have a very poor expectation of a reheating industry, Beta. In particular, the significant increase in performance has been achieved in the context of a back-cyclical environment at the bottom of the historical landscape, where the fundamentals of advanced production capacity are at the bottom, rather than the market.
2. "Verification: 10 billion profit lines! - Helium petrochemicals " . The core chain of refining-polyesters in the second half of the year to the present, in the first quarter of the year, increased significantly due to the rapid increase in oil prices, while the product increased significantly. Average annual industry price differentials totalled $580/t, compared to $57/t in the first quarter of 2021, compared with 2006-2019.
The average price difference, which totals $2298/t, will grow much faster than expected in the future, as the company’s alpha production is gradually operational and cyclically warming. The year’s non-productive rate, which is likely to contribute to the year’s profits in 2021, drives the company’s performance to continue to grow.
The pta, polyester and degradable plastics projects are continuing, and the company is growing significantly.
Contribution to the annual gain. The 5 million tons pta and 900,000 tons of new plastic degradation projects are expected to be phased in in the second half of 2022, accompanied by a significant new production capacity for alpha, with the risk of a one-way, large-scale decline in crude oil; 2. Serious demand for textile clothing has deteriorated.
Not as fast as expected 5. Risk of significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar 6. Other force majeure effects.
In 2020, helium petrochemicals reported business income of $152,397 million, an increase of 51.21 per cent. The public sector realized a net gain of $13.462 billion, an increase of 34.29 per cent, and a net non-mortality gain of $12.28 billion, an increase of $8.539 billion, or $7.385 billion, in the second half of the year.
The q4 quarter achieved operating income of 49,063 million yuan, a 36.38 per cent ring increase, a 101 per cent increase in the same year, a net profit for mothers of 3,567 million yuan, a 19 per cent ring increase, a 28 per cent rise in the same quarter, a $3,205 million net net gain, a decrease of -23 per cent in the ring of the third quarter, a 21 per cent increase over the same period in 2019.
In 2021, q1 achieved a net return profit of 4,137 million yuan, an increase of 93.02 per cent and a non-net gain of 3,998 million yuan, an increase of 85.8 per cent over the same period in 2020.
In particular, its performance has increased significantly in the face of a back-cyclical environment at the bottom of the historical landscape, rather than the market's misperception that the core chain of refining-polyesters has risen too fast in the first quarter of the year, while the product has increased much less than the price of oil.
The scale has led to a significant contraction in the profits of the industrial chain, which, according to our calculations, will have an average price difference of $2298 per ton in 2020, and will grow far above expectations in the future as the company ' s alpha capacity gradually moves into production and cyclical warming.
At the bottom of the landscape history, significant excess gains were made, confirming the logic of strong alpha. According to our surveillance, the second half of the year began to benefit significantly from the rise in the price of oil in the first quarter of the year, while most of the prevailing production capacity was damaged, largely offsetting the stock gains from the rise in oil prices.
The atmosphere rebounded from a low of 23% in 2020 to 34% in the first quarter of 2021, while the long silk climate from a large amount of advanced energy (including px, pta, etc.) remained at the bottom of the historical extreme of 0-10% of the climate, relying on cost advantages to generate excess returns.
Figure 3: Quarterly harvest and ring speed increase Chart 4: Quarterly net profit and ring speed increase
Figure 7: Price differentials and historical percentages of products from Helium Pulse (as of 31 March 2021) 1.2, Helium Pulsification Bottom is more certain about profitability and performance is expected to continue in 2020.
Face-to-face, overall demand is at the bottom of history: crude oil prices are compounded by global imbalances in supply and demand for crude oil and geo-related events, and there is a continuing high volatility driven by events (negative oil prices at the beginning of 2020 and persistent increases in the second half of 2020 as a result of the deep decline in production of the OEC), irrational fluctuations in crude oil prices and weak end demand, among other things.
The multiple negative effects have resulted in a narrow price gap between crude oil-px-pta-polyesters, a persistent loss in the whole industry chain, a steady petrochemical gain of $8,539 million in business income and $7,385 million in non-net profits in the second half of 2020, and a proven profitability of the hemospheric petrochemical base in 2020.
Further upswing in fundamentals, with sustained growth in the steady petrochemical performance expected in 2021, the installation of ethylene in the second half of 2020 will contribute only one quarter of profits, and the line 2.pta-4 in the first half of 2020, and the line pta-5 in the second half of 2020, will contribute in 2021.
Without making a full-year profit in 2020, by 2021, it will be able to reach its full-time product, increasing the pta block excess profits (plus industry ' s non-profit sector, which will generate a high cost advantage over earnings). 3. In 2020, persistent petrochemicals will produce nearly 1 million tons of polyester, of which Poy and industrial silk can produce
In the first half of 2020, more than 500,000 tons of long-variable silk production became operational in the second half of 2020, nearly 1 million tons of polyester production is expected to contribute to the full year in 2021, and more than 500,000 tons of differentiated polyester production is still available in 2021.
4. 330,000 tons of pbat production was successfully produced by the end of 2020, and at the present time, one ton, we conclude that even if the 2020 industry extreme weather level was maintained, the total Helium petrochemical rate in 2021 is still expected to be more than $15 billion a year, and the company Pe is currently 13.85 times more than it is clearly present.
In the context of a gradual return to stability in global crude oil prices between rational zones and a gradual recovery in global end consumption, helium petrochemicals are also expected to achieve profitability elasticity.
Figure 11: px - Previous oil price differential Figure 12: pta-px Price differential Figure 13: poy-pta/meg methanol
Figure 14: Fdy-pta/meg price differential Figure 15: dty-pta/meg price differential Figure 16:lldpe - former oil price differential
Figure 17: pp-former oil price differentials,1 helium petrochemical raw materials are crude oil, and corporate profits are subject to significant exchange rate prices between crude oil prices and the United States dollar (1) Higher-than-anticipated changes in global crude oil demand (but not limited to significant growth in the global economy or below)
Sliding, major breakthroughs in the new energy sector, rapid substitution of fossil energy sources resulting in reduced demand for oil, climate changes leading to significant changes in demand for crude oil, etc.) (2) over-anticipated changes in global crude oil supply (including, but not limited to, accelerated or delayed project implementation, artificial production control in oil-producing countries, etc.) (3) geopolitical events
(But not limited to disruptions in the supply of crude oil as a result of an emergency, or large-scale declines in the price of crude oil as a result of an emergency, will account for significant stock losses and a strong correlation between the price of refined industrial chain products and crude oil prices, and the probability that a single-way decline in the price of crude oil will have a significant impact on the level of corporate profitability.
The risk of a dollar exchange rate risk is implicit in the fact that crude oil purchases are made in United States dollars, while revenue-side settlements are dominated by the renminbi, which is required to be purchased for day-to-day operations, sold out and settled. Such settlement patterns may be subject to the following risks, but can be achieved through exchange-rate hedging.
(1) The sharp deterioration in relations between China and the United States (2) The major macroeconomic changes that have taken place in China and the United States (including but not limited to the systemic financial crisis, interest rate reduction, other fiscal and monetary macro-policies) (3) The number of finished oils in the Central American economy is highly correlated with the supply and demand situation. Supply-side risks include, but are not limited to, the capacity of the finished oil production.
Large expansion, with sub-optimal capacity in Shandong: demand-side risks include, but are not limited to, the weakening of private cars, the suboptimal replacement of new energy vehicles for gasoline cars: national policy restrictions on fuel cars, and the impact of ethanol gasoline additions on refineries' mtbe products to some extent.
3. Impact of technology rotation on excess returns: Most of the private-run major-training enterprises built in refined units from 2018 to 2019, using the latest production techniques, have a clear back-generation technological advantage over two barrels of oil and old production capacity in Japan and Korea, and are technologically superior.
The technology overlap cycle is about 15 years, but if the technology overlap cycle is shorter, or if there is a negative impact on the hemodynamic petrochemical industry ' s excess benefits.4 The project is less advanced than expected in terms of the risks:
At present, several HEP projects are still in the process of construction, if the construction of existing planned projects is not proceeding as expected, or if there is a negative impact on the growth of HRP, while other plants due to force majeure are suspended/reduced.
The chemical plants are not as fast as expected: most of the chemicals integrated with force petrochemicals are intermediate products and are subject to over-anticipated changes in supply and demand relationships in the industrial chain.
There is also a need to influence the demand for chemicals. The risk of increased competition is that the ability to contain but not limited to ethane fission in the United States or the Middle East will have a greater impact on domestic dumping of chemical products.
Helium petrochemicals, a leading industry leader in polyester integration, are downstream of esters as fabrics - fabrics - dye textiles and clothing. The global demand for textile clothing has had some impact on the polyester chain, including, but not limited to, the imposition of a tax on China’s exports in the context of the China-United States trade war, and South-East Asian countries have imposed anti-dumping measures on China’s Changsi.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment