Researchchand developmentcenter, “Smelting + New Materials”, top-down and enhanced integration tap
A deep-seated report of the Cao Cao Cao, April 26, 2021.
"Smelting + New Materials" , top and bottom integration for enhanced taps, private industrial chain layouts. Helium petrochemicals Ltd. borrowed shells in 2016. Helium petrochemicals (600346.sh)
The “big oak” landed on the main board market, where the company currently owns 20 million tonnes/year of refining integration projects and 1.5 million tonnes/year of ethylene project upstream; 11.6 million tonnes/year of pta production capacity in the medium-stream layout, where 5 million tonnes/year of pta production line is still under construction; and 3.5890 million tonnes/year of total downstream polyester production, including detergents
2.45 million tonnes/year of long wire, 266,000 tonnes/year of polyester film, 200,000 tonnes/year of polyester slices, 400,000 tonnes/year of scrubber industrial wire, 240,000 tonnes/year of engineering plastics and 330,000 tonnes/year of degradable plastics.
Phase II, 1.4 million tonnes/year high-performance industrial filamentation project. The company has constructed the entire industrial chain of “oil 1 aromatic hydrocarbons, ethylene-pta, ethanol-polyesters—civil silk, industrial silk, engineering plastics, polyester film.” The company has established the International Centre for Heat Research and Development and the Hemodynamic Production Base, which are based on the following:
In terms of the company’s Māori portfolio, the major refining project contributed more than 77% of its performance in 2020, pta contributed 12% of its operations, while the traditional polyester sector accounted for 10% of its performance.
ethylene production, leading performance is continuously being validated. Large-scale domestic refining projects are currently planned at the scale of hundreds of millions of tons, with both private and “three barrels of oil” projects.
Construction began in April of that year, full production was completed in May of 2019, with 70 per cent of heavy fuel used; construction of the Ethylene Project began in October 2018 and full production was completed in July of 2020. The Ethylene Project was fully operational in 2020, with a total annual contribution of 129.33 per cent of the work load, and the Ethylene Project was completed at the end of July.
Fully operational, with a 45.89% start-up load, the Ethylene Project did not contribute to its full profitability. International crude oil prices rose from $51 to $67 in 2021, and the upward trend will be maintained throughout the year, with demand-side recovery pushing.
The price increases will continue to be directed to lower-middle- and downstream chemicals, and there will still be room to optimize profits from the large refining of the whole industry chain. After the full load of the company ' s ethylene project in 2021, deep refining and full synergy with the ethylene project will result in a downward shift in profits from the polyester chain into the future.
At present, the company owns 11.6 million tons of pta per year, and the production of tons per year of pta in the country began in the first quarter of 2021 and is expected to start in 2022.
In 2020, the company ' s polyester production capacity will total 3.5890 million tons, with 68% of the civil fumes and 32% of the industrial silk, polyester film, engineering plastics and degradable plastics.
Companies capable of producing 7dfdy products. Corporate polyester membrane and engineering plastics operations at interest rates above 20% in 2018, polyester membrane at 25%, slightly higher than civil scrubbing filament (20.27%) and industrial pedicure filament Māori at 30.24%.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. began to climb year by year, slightly above the company's gross Māori ratio, and the company will continue to move to high-end polyestersco.,ltd
New material production can be deployed, and the share of corporate revenue will be rising, making it impossible for the company to grow up.
The highest-performing country, with 281,000 tonnes of domestic capacity per year. With the planned and in-progress capacity, an additional 3.02 million tons of pbs/pbat capacity will be created in the country.
Since this year, the price of degradable plastics has soared that the existing capacity will be rewarded well in the short and medium term. The company currently has pbs/pbat production methods, continuous condensation techniques, aa, pta, 0.389 tons, bdo, respectively.
0.4 tonnes, of which pta was supplied by the company itself, and in accordance with the project CEP announcement, 330,000 tonnes/year degradation plastic year, the company entered into an investment intention agreement for the new degradable materials items of 300,000 tonnes/year, 600,000 tonnes/year pbs/pbat, and in the future the capacity of pbs/pbat will be 3.3 million tonnes/year, public.
The Division’s size of 933,000 tonnes/year will account for 28.27% of the industry, making it a leader in the oil-based degradation plastics industry. At the profit level of the company’s first production line, the future company’s planned output will contribute about 4.4 billion dollars in performance.
The company values are 13 times, 12 times and 11 times higher, respectively. Companies value less than comparable public share-price catalysts: the polyester industry has increased its climate and prices of its products have continued to rise; the global economy is in a recovery cycle, and chemical prices have continued to rise; and degradation plastics projects are expected to start production earlier.
Risk factors: risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; risk of less than expected recovery of end demand; risk of increasing domestic pta production capacity leading to continued profit spreads; risk of excess refining capacity; risk of slow restoration of profit from downstream products; risk of significant additions to the petrochemical industry by “carbon neutrality” policies.
The industrial chain layout of the private refining poles is gradually taking shape. The company currently owns 20 million tonnes/year of refining integration projects and 1.5 million tonnes/year of ethylene projects upstream; 11.6 million tonnes/year of pta production in the mid-stream layout, with 5 million tonnes/year of pta production still under construction; The total downstream polyester production capacity is 35.89 million tonnes/year, including 2.45 million tonnes/year of scavenging wire, 266,000 tonnes/year of polyester film,
Polyester slices 200,000 tonnes/year, scrubbed industrial wire 400,000 tonnes/year, engineering plastics 240,000 tonnes/year, and degradation plastics 330,000 tonnes/year. The company is also planning phase three of the 1.5 million tonnes/year new materials project, phase two of the 1.2 million tonnes/year dulco-optics project, and the 1.4 million tonnes/year high-performance industrial silk project.
The company's establishment of the International Research and Development Center for Heath and the Research Base for Heath Production, which are based on the advantage of the raw materials, will continue to develop the fine chemicals of non-substantive commodities. Ethylene production, with continuous certification of lead performance. The company's 20 million tonnes/year refining integration project has been under way since April 2017.
In May 2019, full production was achieved, with 70% of heavy oil used; construction began on the Ethylene Project in October 2018, and international crude oil prices rose from US$ 51 to US$ 67 a year, maintaining upward trend throughout the year, driven by demand-side recovery. For chemical refineries, price increases for large volumes of crude oil upstream in the post-epidemiology era will continue to be directed to low- and middle-stream chemicals.
In 2021, when the company’s Ethylene project is fully loaded, it will be fully aligned with the Ethylene project and its performance will be fully released. The polyester chain’s profits will shift downwards and the differences will become the future direction.
18.5% of the pta production capacity is the most productive of the petrochemical dragons. Two additional units, totalling 5 million tonnes/year, are expected to be operational by 2022. In 2020, the company ' s polyester capacity totalled 3.5890 million tonnes, with 68% of the civil scrubbed wire, is currently the only company in the country capable of producing 7dfdy-specific products.
The total ability to produce degradable plastics is 32%. In 2018, the company ' s polyester membrane Māori rate reached 25%, slightly higher than the civil scrubbing filament, rising annually and slightly higher than the company ' s total Māori ratio, and the company will continue to move to the high end of the new polyester material production profile and become an unattainable part of the public sector ' s growth.
Large-scale layouts pbs/pbats capture the market for environmentally friendly plastics. Currently, pbs/pbats produce 281,000 tonnes/year. At present, 3,02 million tons of pbs/pbats will be added to the domestic production capacity after the construction capacity is fully available.
The mismatch led to a sharp rise in the price of degradable plastics since this year, and the existing capacity will be rewarded in the short and medium term. The company has a capacity of 330,000 tons of pbs/pbats per year in late 2020, and will contribute to its performance throughout the year in 2021. According to the project CEP, 33,000 tonnes/year of degradable plastics can generate a net profit for the company of 155 million, with a net gain of about 4697 yuan per ton per year.
Tons. In 2021, the company signed up to 300,000 tonnes/year, 600,000 tonnes/year pbs/pbat new degradable materials project for investment, with a future production capacity of 3.3 million tonnes/year for pbs/pbat, with the company ' s 933 million tonnes/year share of the industry 28.27%, becoming a leader in the oil-based degradable plastics industry.
Markets are more concerned about the growth potential of companies as a result of large-scale company refining projects, ignoring the growth potential of firms’ disparate downstream products in integrated industrial chain layouts. We believe that the company’s big-refining projects are still partially growing after they are fully loaded.
But in the future, based on large-scale medium- and medium-scale pta raw material production, the company can rapidly deploy new polyester materials downstream, especially in a new material industry that is profit-rich, high-end, supply-and-demand-friendly, including school-level, industrial-level plastic sheeting and engineering plastics, and in the field of degradable plastics, where policies are needed, the Māori rate can be over 20 per cent, which is higher than that of the company.
Average Māori level, which gives companies a chain advantage from downstream polyesters. Profit projection and investment rating: Comparable company level, with first-time coverage given to “buy-in” rating.
The polyester industry has seen a rise in the climate and the prices of corporate products have continued to rise; the global economy has entered a recovery cycle and chemical prices have continued to rise; degradable plastics projects have come into production earlier than expected; risks of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; recovery of end demand has fallen short of expectations; increased domestic pta production has led to profits
Risks of continued dilution; risk of excess refining capacity; risk of slow restoration of profits from downstream products; risk of significant additions to the petrochemical industry by the “carbon neutralization” policy; release of private refining taps; high-end layout of new polyester materials
Smelting-chemist-polyester-new materials, full-fledged whole-of-the-industry chain Helium petrochemicals Ltd. landed on the main market in 2016 on a shell called the Great Rubber, with the company holding the shares of the world's 500-strong conglomerates - the Helium Group, holding 29.84% of the company's shares. The company actually controls Chen Jianhua, Fan Hong Wei.
Couples, directly holding 12.59 per cent of the company ' s shares, indirectly holding 63.16 per cent of the company ' s shares, the share of the company ' s actual controllers and their co-operators in total is 75.75 per cent; so far, the company has more than 20 wholly owned and controlled subsidiaries and has established large industrial bases in Suzhou, Dalian, Cebu, Nanton, Campus and Huezhou, respectively.
Prior to the listing of the shell in 2016, the 20 million tonnes/year refining integration project led by the Helium Group had entered the preparatory stage for the construction of a petrochemical flagship enterprise that integrated upstream raw materials into the downstream polyester industrial chain.
In May 2019, the Helium Investment (Dalian) Ltd. was fully operational, making it the first seven petrochemical industry bases in the country, the month and June. The company continued to produce 4~, 5~1~2,500,000 tonnes/year pta projects, which led to the construction of “oil aromatic hydrocarbons, B-2s” by the company.
Anatomy of the company's current industrial structure is divided into three sections, upstream and downstream: (1) Upstream: 20 million tonnes/year refining integration project and 1.5 million tonnes/year refining integration project in Dalian layout through hemolysis and hemolysis.
In May 2019 and July 2020, the large refining units and the acetylene units, respectively, were fully operational, and the company initially completed the layout of the upstream refining part of the petrochemicals and provided chain security for future deep farming in the chemical industry, along with raw materials for the existing medium- and downstream industries.
(2) Midstream: With 11.6 million tonnes/year pta capacity through the Dalian Helium Pulse layout, Britishweed technology was used, of which 4 ~ and 5 ~2.5 million tonnes/year pta capacity became operational in January and July 2020. The company ' s pta capacity was mainly responsible for 4.5 million tonnes/year px of the large-scale refining project. In 2021, the company was building two units totalling 5 million tonnes/year pta in Huezhou, Guangdong Province.
The company is one of the largest and most technologically advanced manufacturers of civil scrubbed silk and industrial scrubbing silk.
The total production capacity of the ester plate amounts to 3.5890 million tonnes/year, including 2.45 million tonnes/year of long wire scrubber, 266,000 tonnes/year of polyester film, 200,000 tonnes/year of polyester slices, 400,000 tonnes/year of scrubber industrial wire, 240,000 tonnes/year of engineering plastics and 330,000 tonnes/year of degradable plastics.
In 2021, the company will also be investing 120,000 tons/year polyester membrane production and some of the remaining production of 1.35 million tons of new, high-performance textile materials per year. The company is currently planning phase three of 1.5 million tons/year of new materials, phase two of 1.2 million tons/year of decomposition fibre optics, and 1.4 million tons/year of new materials.
In the case of polyesters, the market is generally of the opinion that the pta industry’s climate cycle is low due to overcapacity, with millions of tons of companies.
According to the px:pta=0.65:1 input ratio, the company ' s big refining project 4.5 million tonnes/year px design capacity cannot fully meet the raw material required for pta production and still requires about 3.04 million tonnes/year px. And the company ' s downstream polyester production capacity is 3.458 million tonnes/year, requiring only 2.97 million tonnes/year, well below pta
But we believe that the company's capacity to build millions of tons of grade pta capacity is due mainly to two reasons: on the one hand, the company's use of the British Wildap8+ technology is ahead of industry averages and occupies the pta's position through low-cost and large-scale advantages. On the other hand, early layout considerations will continue to deepen the profile downstream in the future.
Including pet, pbt, and pbat plates. At this stage, the company’s polyesters contain a breakdown of certain R & D properties, such as civil beams, industrial beams, process plastics, polyester film, class biodegradable polyesters, etc. The company will continue to expand in new functional and differentiated polyester materials, and mature pta production will effectively support the company.
In the first quarter of 2021, companies signed up a total of 900,000 tonnes/year of degradable plastic production, showing that the midstream was able to expand rapidly downstream on the basis of technological breakthroughs. Thus, from the layout of the company’s industrial chain as a whole, although the current high capacity of the company’s pta chain is causing a certain imbalance in the structure of the company’s entire chain.
But in the future, through the expansion of the up-and-down layout, the company polyester chain development will gradually move up-and-down matching, and downstream configurations will gradually move towards a more profitable range of engineering plastics, polyester membrane, pbat, etc., where the company ' s big refining project will be launched after delivery, with 1.5 million tonnes/year of ethylene engineering projects, and the company will move downstream of the acetylene.
A layout that not only guarantees some of the polyester ethylene raw materials, but also the deployment of butadiene, styrene and polyvinyl hydrocarbons, which solves the end of the raw material used by the adipose chemical industry below the acrylic hydrocarbons. There are still significant gaps in the domestic high-end self-sufficiency of the acrylic hydrocarbons, and companies have set up “hearts of Heath International” and “heavy Production Research Bases”, which will develop high-end differentiated products in the field of chemical fibres and acrylic hydrocarbons, depending on the raw materials.
In 2016, when the company borrowed the shell, the operating income was only $19.24 billion. In 2018, the parent company integrated 6.6 million tons/year of pta assets with the refining work in progress.
The project was injected into a listed company; in 2019, the Great Refining Project became fully operational and began to release its performance and boosted the company ' s operating income by a total of 100 billion yuan, reaching 67.76 per cent of the company ' s operating income in 2016-2020. The company ' s net return was affected by the collapse in oil prices caused by the epidemic each year, with net profits falling by 4.82 per cent in the first quarter of the second quarter, and with crude oil prices in the second half of the year.
In the recovery route, the petrochemical whole-sector chain meets the characteristics of a strong cycle of restoration, with a period of up-to-date performance resonance with the company’s 1.5 million tons/yearly ethylene project, and the company’s growth is fast-growing. Throughout 2020, the company achieved business income of $152,373 million, an increase of 51.19 per cent, and a net return of $12.874 billion to the mother, an increase of 38.79 per cent.
The impact of the rise was only 8.48% for pta products, which lowers the company ' s overall Māori rate. In the same year, the higher investment and financial cost of refining integration projects led to a fall in the firm ' s net interest rate to 5.66%, a decline of 2.17 pct compared to the previous year. In 2019, the price of px fell significantly as a result of the gradual landing of domestic capacity, and the pta product ' s Māori rate recovered, raising the company ' s overall Māori rate to 20.75%.
In terms of three fees, the financial cost of the company has been rising year by year as a result of the construction of the Great Refining and Ethylene Project, which reached 3.72 per cent in 2020, while the sales cost rate fell from 0.13 per cent in the first three quarters of 2020 to 1.02 per cent in the second quarter of 2020. In 2018, as a result of the company ' s Māori structure, the Great Refining Project contributed more than 77 per cent of the company ' s performance by 2020, the second 12 per cent.
The company’s long silk sales have remained largely full in 2020, owing to a significant decline in demand during the first quarter of the epidemic.
The company’s sales rate fell to 68.34% for its civil scrubber and, after the second quarter of the epidemic subsided, the company’s sales rate rose gradually, with the company’s sales of pta rising to 190% in the first quarter of the year, driving the company’s sales rate of pta up by 15 pct in 2020 on a year-on-year basis. Although, starting in 2019, the country’s production of pta at an accelerated rate led to overcapacity, in 2020, the company’s production rate rose to 15 pct.
The performance was better than in 2019, mainly due to the competitive cost of the company ' s two British Wittap8 production lines in 2020 and to the fact that the sales of finished oil in 2020 were lower than in the same period in 2019, especially in the first quarter of 2020, where the sales were around 60 per cent in the first quarter of the second quarter of the year, owing mainly to the full coverage of domestic industrial enterprises at the beginning of the second quarter.
In the second half of the year, by increasing sales, production and sales were reduced by the same margin in 2020. Economic recovery in 2021 was well-paced and favourable to the expansion of demand in the pro-cyclical sector, with high-quality distribution channels facilitating stock-taking for leading firms.
Private leadership has led to a major overhaul, leading to a steady demonstration of the country's record of record-keeping, and the 14th Five-Year Plan is on its way to a peak.
From 2019 to 2020, stifling petrochemicals in seven major petrochemical bases were produced in the run-up to a 20 million-tonne/year refining integration project and a 20 million-tonne/year-long pressure-relief device in the second phase of zolpidem. In the non-seven major petrochemical bases, stifling petrochemicals were produced in a succession of 8 million-tonne/year refining projects in Brunei and 10 million-t/year refining projects in Guangdong Maung.
In terms of construction, the 16 million tonnes/year and the 15 million tonnes/year refining/year oil expansion project are nearing completion, with the construction of the HDR and Xulong Island project to be completed in 2023; and the Sino-Pulse cellulose and Central Petroleum Guangdong petrochemical projects are well under way.
Renovation of the refining project, which will concentrate on refining capacity in 2022-2023. Retrospectively from the history of the major refining project during the 13th Five-Year Plan, the project as a whole shows a high level of project planning; a smaller proportion of the projects built; characteristics of the private sector that are faster than the construction of the “three barrels of oil” and higher work load. In the context of the 2020 oil price concussions, the private sector
In the case of large refining enterprises, where the net return profit from glory petrochemicals doubled in 2020 on a year-on-year basis, and where the consistent strength petrochemical performance was significantly higher, the net return profit from sequestering at the bottom of the cycle in 2020 was roughly the same as in the whole year 2019. For private petrochemical enterprises operating in the main business, which are low- and middle-stream polyesters, it has developed into upstream refining projects and eventually integrated the entire industrial chain.
By the end of 2018, China had a total production capacity of about 14 million tonnes/year, imports of about 15.9 million tonnes/year, and imports of px reached their peak.
61.17 per cent. In 2019, the private refining and integration project was centralized, with three new px production capacity of 8 million tonnes/year (speculized, constant, long-term). In 2019, our px production capacity exceeded that of North-East Asia, accounting for 33 per cent of the global production capacity of px, promoting a shift in our supply and demand from high import dependence to a new pattern of accelerated import substitution, and in 2019, our imports of px.
In the domestic consumption market of ethylene, the share of polyethylene reached 64%, the rest being mainly ethylene oxide, ethylene and styrene.
In the last five years, our consumption of polyethylene increased rapidly to 383.2 million tons in 2020, while domestic production of polyethylene accounted for only 52 per cent of annual consumption, which was lower than in the same period of 10 years, leading to a year-on-year dependence on polyethylene imports.
In 2020, our import dependence on polyethylene was 48.36%, and it has been rising since 2016. Even considering the “plastic limit” plus, the use of ethylene downstream is decreasing, there is still much room for development of ethylene production in the country.
After the completion of a major refining project, the amount of assets can be doubled. The size of the need doubles the volume of capital, which is financed through a billion-dollar loan, a non-public share issue, and a bond issue. The ratio of production and debt increases by 10-20 percentage points before and after the completion of the financing. Even so, there is a chance that the big refining project will be able to do so.
In the construction and production chain, the successful implementation of a refining integration project requires a high degree of capacity and quality of private enterprises. The private major refining enterprises that have been successfully built and brought into operation are of high quality in the petrochemical section. From the planning point of view, it will take two to three years from the start of construction to the full start, together with prior planning and review.
The approval phase, which takes four years or more, is not uncommon for projects to be suspended or suspended during the approval and start-up process. The length of time spent on the completion of the two phases is significantly reduced by the completion of public works, including difficulties in obtaining large-scale refining documents and delays in project construction during the Fourteenth Five-Year Plan.
So, for the private major refining companies that completed the first phase of the project, they tried to get ahead of it, two, the device's complexity leading the world, the private leader leading the market 20 million tonnes/year of refining integration projects since August 2015, starting in April 2017.
According to the project’s feasibility study, processing raw materials amounted to 12 million tons of Saudi heavy oil, 6 million tons of Saudi medium oil and 2 million tons of Qatari marin crude oil, with 70% of the heavy oil used. According to international crude oil prices, the price of heavy oil is cheaper than that of light oil, and large profit savings can be achieved from heavy oil processing devices.
Based on the difference between the average crude oil cost of the project, based on the ratio of light and heavy oil, and Brent crude oil, as measured in our report " Reconciling in time of big refining " , published in March, excluding the country-specific price differentials in the procurement of oils, a solid petrochemical project using 70 per cent of the heavy oil could save $14.88/tonne per year by using 50 per cent of the heavy oil, and 20 million tons of refined oil per year.
The company ' s large-scale refining plate consists of 20 million tonnes/year refining integration projects and 1.5 million tonnes of ethylene projects, construction of 2018 ethylene projects and full commissioning in July 2020, contributing to the company ' s six-month performance and refining the refining of the integration project
In terms of the processing process, the company ' s refining integration project mainly produces finished oils, aromatic hydrocarbons and benzene, with products such as the dry gas of the processing plant generated by the large refining device being transported to the ethylene installation for deep processing, resulting in the production of ethylene diol, styrene, polyvinylene hydrocarbons, etc. The company ' s project process is designed to take full advantage of the dry gas input of the recycling plant into the ethylene.
Project processing, re-use of fuel gas and liquefied fuel oils from ethylene downstream into refining zones and ethylene installations, maximizing feedstock use, taking advantage of integrated cycling processes inherent in bulk-refining projects, while reducing waste discharge, is consistent with the theme of “carbon neutrality”.
The product oils were designed to produce 9.93 million tons, with a yield of 49.65 per cent; pure benzene 410,000, px 4.34 million, ethylene 1.68 million tons, styrene 720,000 tons, polyethylene 400,000 tons, polypropylene 860,000 tons; the start-up load reached 45.89 per cent, and the ethylene project did not contribute to its full profitability. International crude oil prices in 2021 amounted to $51.
The upward trend will be maintained throughout the year, driven by demand-side recovery. For a pro-cyclical refining project, upstream cost increases have been limited in the context of a slow rise in oil prices, and recovery needs have been restored, allowing downstream chemical processing to return to pre-epidemiological levels.
The price increases will continue to be directed to lower-middle- and downstream chemicals, and there will be room to optimize profits in the whole industrial chain for large refining. After the load of the company ' s ethylene project in 2021, the performance of the ethylene smelting project will be fully released after full synergy with the ethylene project.
(*Note: Adjusted using the product from the Great Refinement Project as feedstock and product recycling in the process)
As of the end of 2020, the pta sector was able to produce approximately 627.2 million tonnes per year, excluding suspension and dismantling capacity. The ratio of production capacity of the top 10 companies in the country reached 72.5%, while the central petrochemical subsidiaries together owned 3,325,000 tonnes per year.
Yes, the remaining other production capacity accounts for about 22.2 per cent of the total production capacity of pta, which is 54.81 per cent of the conglomerates of major refined and polyester dragons (prosperity, stamina, stamina, stamina, Xinfeng, oriental rainbows), and the pta industry, which has become fully monopolistic, has gradually gained pricing power over pta.
In 2018, 4.5 million tonnes/year and 1.4 million tonnes/year/year of Chinabin petrochemical (formerly Far East petrochemical) large pta enterprises returned to production after many years of bankruptcy. In 2020, 2.2 million tonnes/year of Shun Feng Yishan Energy II, 4# and 5# tonnes/year devices were put into production, and in the last three years the pta was basically large-scale devices for pta-inputing, pta-for-all.
According to the pta productivity plan disclosed by the companies, the year 2021-2022 was represented by the leading companies, namely, Rainbow Pulse, Helium Pulsification, Fusilized Pulse, Central Gold Pulsification, and Irium Quin, with 39.6 million tons/year of production capacity and more than 1 million tons/year of capacity. The pta supply side of the country is clear: large pta production devices are not available.
A structural overcapacity pattern, which is lagging behind the pta ' s capacity phase-out. Beginning in 2019, thanks to intensive domestic refining projects, domestic import dependence on px fell sharply, and prices of px fell sharply from mid-March 2019 to over $200 per tonne by the end of 2019.
International oil prices fell sharply, px prices fell off a cliff; as international oil prices rebounded to $50/bp, px prices rose to $630/t in late 2020, but remained low. The px chain fell sharply, and the shift in profits to downstream pta and polyesters became a major structural trend in the industrial chain, but the scale and speed of the transfer was also associated with the release of px capacity and the increase in pta ' s own supply.
The pta price movement is more relevant to the material px, the profit side, the pta production capacity has been heavily invested in the last two years, international oil prices, pta single-ton profits have been in constant loss since the third quarter of the year, and pta installation starts at a 75-80% rate.
The end-of-pipe inventory is still at the same level, with downstream polyesters and terminal knitting orders and the resumption of work on the two pta production units that were put in place in 2020 as a constraint on pta ' s resilience. Both of these sets of pta production were implemented with a combined investment of $5.9 billion, with a unit investment of just $1,180/tonne and a unit of pta consumption of 0.65, which is slightly lower than the industry average of 0.66, according to the company ' s pta line.
The latest p8 unit processing cost is estimated at $346 per ton, which is well below the average industry processing cost of ccfei. The company currently owns 11.6 million tons per year of pta capacity, representing 18.5 per cent of the domestic pta capacity, and is the most productive company in the petrochemical dragons.
After starting work in the first quarter of 2021, which is expected to start in 2022, the company’s pta capacity will reach 16.6 million tons, and we believe that the company has chosen to increase capital spending at the bottom of the pta climate cycle for three main reasons: first, when the pta climate is back on track, the bottom layout can make the company more profitable when it returns. Second, the company is big.
Building low-processed pta devices on a scale that effectively expands the market’s share in an environment of low yield capacity. Finally, a large-scale supply of middle- and middle-sized raw materials can provide an advantage for “sustain speed,” in conjunction with companies’ plans to develop in-depth, downstream engineering plastics, high-end film, degradation plastics, etc., which are pta-based.
II. The oligarchy pattern is a powerful leader, and the performance of the different varieties is guaranteed, and according to the cumulative increase in retail sales of textile clothing and gdp (current prices) published by the National Statistical Office, the increase in retail sales in the textile and apparel sector has gradually increased since 2014 in relation to the increase in the gdp. 2010-2019,
The textile apparel industry, in terms of retail sales, has increased at an average rate of 9.09%. In the short term, the consumption of textile apparel fell off a cliff in the macro-environment in 2020, but rebounded rapidly following the epidemic and economic recovery in the second half of the year, including the gradual shift of South-East Asian orders to the country in the medium and long term, due to the epidemic, and we expect that in 2021 our country will be unsuited.
In terms of growth in endogenous demand or increased exports from abroad, the marginal demand for terminal spins will be improved, and the rate of increase in weaving clothing will be negative. Figure 20: China ' s annual rate of increase in gdp and the same rate of consumption of textiles (%)
Also, given that the downstream textile and apparel industry continued its de-stocking cycle from 2018 to 2020, we expect a new round of re-stocking in the downstream garments industry from 2021 to 2023 as the demand for garments hits the bottom in 2020, and that the demand for refractions will rebound to about 5 per cent, which will directly drive the demand for long beams.
By the end of 2020, we had 32.08 million tons of filamentation, an increase of 16.40 per cent over the same period. In 2016-2019, the production of filamentation was maintained at a rate of more than 5 per cent. Long filamentation production was largely in line with the apparent consumption, since the export and import of filamentation was less than 6 per cent. In January-November 2020, the production of filamentation was 29.67 million tons, resulting in the end of the epidemic.
The demand for scaffolding has decreased, making it difficult to sustain last year’s high growth. From data for 2013-2018, we believe that, over the next three years, the demand for scaffolding will match the demand for downstream textile clothing, and the demand will rise to more than 5 per cent at the same rate as when the disease is repaired.
In 2020, there were more than 80 enterprises involved in the elixir industry, with an estimated total capacity of 44.55 million tons. According to the ccfei and the company ' s plan of entry, the additional production capacity of the elixir industry in 2020 came mainly from leading enterprises, with a total of 23.69 million tons, or 53 per cent of the total capacity of the industry.
In 2021, led by three leading companies, we are also planning to add 4.05 million tons/year of scrubbing silk capacity. Long silk is gradually increasing from normal to high.
Level, but subject to capacity constraints around the core equipment, the current high-end differential long-wire must be based on Japanese tmt or German barangay equipment, but the equipment has a bottleneck of about 2 million tonnes/year because we expect the new expansion plan to be partially operational in 2021, but in the long run the concentration of the industry will continue to be concentrated in the lead business, with long-line products negotiated.
In 2020, affected by the new crown epidemic, weaver start-up rates and tarp stocks continued to deteriorate during the three-quarter sub-season period, with surging cost-side oil prices rising, long-line prices falling sharply, and single-ton net profits falling into negative areas, 2020.
The annual outbreak undoubtedly pushed the filamentary climate into the bottom, with dty silk single-ton net profit down to $234 per ton on September 2, 2020. The four-quarter period began with a marked difference in management of the epidemic, both domestic and foreign, which led to a shift in production capacity along the long-filac supply side, the transfer of foreign terminal textile orders to the home country, and the stocking of long-filac prices and profits, and, as of April 6, the Pony single-tons.
In the first quarter of 2021, the cost-side oil price increased steadily to $60 per barrel, and after spring holidays, the price rose to $70 per barrel, which supported the price of scavenging filaments. Lower-stream fabric manufacturers hoarded goods or replenished raw materials in advance before and after spring holidays, stocking them, and stockings.
In the broader context of economic recovery and the accelerated fall of vaccines, we believe that international oil prices will maintain a steady upward trend and end demand will be expected.
It will continue to warm up as economic recovery continues, the industry climate will continue to recover in the upward cycle, with long silk prices at 2021 - Figure 25: Poy price 2016 - 2020 and pey's single-ton net profit (RM/t, as of 2020, total company polyester production capacity of 3.589 million tons, 68 per cent of civil scrubbed silk ratio, leachate industry, polyesters)
In total, 32% of the production capacity of film, engineering plastics and degradationable plastics. A total of 2.45 million tonnes/year of filamentary capacity for civil detergents, with 70% of the total, is currently the only company in the country capable of producing a 7dfdy product.
There is a “one-size-fits-all” pattern of the country's long-silent dragons, which continuously strengthen the inner core of competition in their respective areas of dominance, and maintain competition differences among themselves. Because of the high cost of capital spending and sales to enter less skilled areas, and because the new production-capacity layout will increase the likelihood of price battles in the sub-sectors, the leading firms will fall apart through deep-deep farming.
Differentialization avoids unnecessary competition within the industry and creates a basic lack of understanding, a pattern that will remain in place for long periods of time, as company polyester products are highly market-difficult, technologically high-end, business-as-one development paths, with a large amount of product production expertise. As a result of the merger of polyester product disclosure in 2019 by the company ' s major refining project, the company disclosed them in 2018.
RMB/t and $10,383/t, which corresponds to the company ' s price of civil scrubbing filament, while the price of industrial filamentation is $12,460/t. From the point of view of the Māori ratio, both the company ' s polyester membrane and engineering plastics operations in 2018 were above 20%, the company ' s polyester membranes reached 25%, slightly higher than the civil scrubbing filament (20.27%), and the industry ' s rate was 30.24%.
The Māori rate for differentiated polyester products has been rising year by year since 2016, slightly above the overall Māori level of the company, and companies will continue to be able to produce high-end polyester materials in the future, and the share of corporate revenue will continue to rise, making it impossible for the company to grow.
Bio- and petroleum-based degradation plastics are market-mainstreamed Biodegradable plastics that are completely decomposed by environmental micro-organisms in nature or in a given environment and are ultimately completely degraded into two base-degradable plastics and petrochemical-degradable plastics.
pha, etc., the basic raw material is renewable natural biomass resources such as starch, plant straw, crustaceans, etc.: PIC plastics are plastics produced from monomer polymers of petrochemical products, mainly pbat, pcl, pbs, pga, etc. Figure 34: Classification of plastic products
According to europebioplastics, the global capacity of biodegradable plastics in 2020 reached 12.27 million tons, 176,000 tons more than in 2019, up by 16.7% more than in 2019, and the capacity of future biodegradable plastics will increase as national restrictive plastic policies tighten and land.
DPRs, pla and pbat produce 32%, 32%, and 23% of global biodegradable plastics, respectively. DPRs are limited by their failure to achieve full degradation. Pla and pbat products perform well and achieve full degradation. The main degradation plastic products in the future, while other degradationable plastics are still in the initial stages of industrialization.
The domestic plata industry started late, with high dependence on imports of primary raw material, and a certain gap in production capacity and technology compared to the foreign countries. Currently, the country has 235,000 tonnes/year of production capacity, and companies such as Anhui Fonghara, Zhejiang Haizheng and others are already in place.
Domestic firms are also actively developing Pla capacity, and companies such as Anhui Fonghara, Shandong and New Materials are currently planning a total of 780,000 tonnes of Pla capacity. As domestic propylene preparation technology gradually reaches international leadership, it is expected that it will expand further in the country without arrival.
Table 9: Existing domestic and in-progress capacity (tonne tons/year) Pbs/pbat raw materials are adipic acids (aa), pta and bdo, which are more readily available, more technologically mature for production,
In addition, companies such as Xinjiang Kyonglong, Helium Stone, and Xinjiang Blue Mountain River are active in the deployment of degradable petroleum-based plastics.
According to our statistics, at present it is planned to add 3.02 million tons of pbs/pbat capacity to the country once the building capacity is fully located. The average price of a single ton of degradable plastics in terms of price and demand is more than 20,000 yuan, while the price of traditional plastics using polypropylene (pp) and polyethylene (pe) is less than 10,000 yuan.
Starting in 2020, the DRC proposed a more stringent policy on plastic restraint than in 2008 and proposed a segment to achieve the goal. In January 2020, the DRC and the Ministry of Eco-Environment issued an Opinion on Further Strengthening the Control of Plastic Pollution, targeting non-degradable plastic bags, one-time plastic cutlery, hotel and hotel disposable plastics and express plastics.
Packaging requires bans, restrictions on use, and time-promotion nodes. In particular, the 2021 Carbon Neutral suggests that the demand for environmentally friendly materials is strongly supported by policies, and policy externalities that drive degradable plastics move from a small amount of active demand to a large amount of demand, with prices and profitability “higher ships”.
In February 2019, the Hainan Provincial Council issued the Supplementary Implementation Programme for the Comprehensive Prohibition of the Production, Sale and Use of One-time Non-degradable Plastic Products in Hainan Province, which plans to ban the production, sale and use of one-time non-degradable films, bags, catering devices, etc. by the end of the year.
The Shanghai Municipal Commission for Development and Rehabilitation (Shanghai) jointly issued an Implementation Programme for the Further Strengthening of the Control of Plastic Pollution, which is scheduled to take the lead in banning and restricting the production, sale and use of some plastic products in the priority areas of catering, hotels, hotels and postal couriers by the end of 2020 and effectively controlling plastic contamination by the end of 2023.
In addition to the replacement of everyday consumer plastics, the process of substitution of degradable plastics for agricultural landlines and express packaged materials is accelerating. According to the Basf annual report in 2019, the global demand for degradable agricultural landlines is already over 2 million tons, while the current global capacity for the production of degradable plastics for agriculture and horticulture is only 16.35 million tons.
According to Greenpeace, in 2025, China’s express delivery industry will use almost 5 million tons of degradable packaging, far more than it currently does.
Domestic production planning for plata and pbs/pbat. On the demand side, environmental policies have a strong demand for degradable plastics and a steep long-term demand curve. Domestic demand for degradable plastics began to be released at a faster rate by the end of 2020 in terms of domestic supply and demand patterns, but the large-scale capacity plan for degradable plastics began to be built after the demand had been released, with nearly one to two years of additional capacity.
Limited, demand- and supply-driven mismatches will also lead to a sharp rise in the price of degradable plastics since this year, which will lead to aa and bdo prices at the end of the range. For existing capacity, there will be a short-term high return, with the price of degradable plastics falling back in 2022, but the medium-term capacity will be difficult to match quickly.
The industry’s profits will remain significant in terms of demand. Second, pta raw materials are abundant, technology breaks through the large-scale pbs/pbat company’s current pbs/pbat production capacity of 33,000 tonnes/year, construction started in early 2020, and production started in December.
The project will contribute to the year-round performance in 2021. The country is the third largest single-body new biodegradable material production facility in the country. At the same time, the company is the first country to develop a fully autonomous technology and product formulation for the pbs/pbat process, with recyclable, recyclable, non-toxic, and highly safe products.
The company uses direct esterification, continuous condensation and production techniques, based on aca, pta and bdo, to dehydrate the production of a single hydrate butadiol (bhat)/butyltinate (bhbt) using titanium catalysts.
Recondensing/combining into the final product pbat biodegradable material slices with a total yield of 80-85%. During the production process, aa, pta, 0.389 tonnes, bdo, 0.4 tonnes, respectively, with pta being self-funded and aa and bdo procured from the market. According to the project CEP announcement, 33,000 tonnes/year of degraded plastic production could generate a net benefit to the company of 155 million dollars.
In 2021, the company signed an investment offer for a new degradable material project of 300,000 tonnes/year, 600,000 tonnes/year, pbs/pbat, further expanding its capacity at the current level of 330,000 tonnes/year.
In the future, pbs/pbat’s capacity will reach 3.3 million tonnes/year, and the company’s 93,000 tonnes/year will account for 28.27% of the industry, making it a leader in the oil-based degradable plastics industry. At the yield level of the company’s first line of production, future companies will contribute about 4.4 billion dollars to the company’s planned yield.
Figure 37: Price trends of raw materials in pbat, 2 assumes that the price of raw materials purchased by the company “pta-pailed silk” for 2021-2023 is consistent with market prices, including px, meg, pta. Considering the impact of the epidemic in 2020 and the mitigation of the epidemic in 2021, we assume that the price of raw materials purchased by the company “pta-pailing silk” is consistent with market prices.
In 2021, profits from the polyester chain were repaired and gradually returned to normal levels in 2019 and before. Given pta overcapacity, profit margins are small.3 Overall, there is an increase in turnover tax and surcharge rates and triple rates (sales, administrative and financial).
4. Based on the company ' s declared productive capacity investment plan and progress, the company officially produced 1.5 million tonnes/year of ethylene capacity in July 2020 and began contributing in August of that year; the production of pta-4, pta-5 combined 5 million tonnes/year of new capacity in the first half of the year; the production of 800,000 tonnes/year of new civil silk capacity in the year; and the production of new materials in the end of the year
Tons/year pbs/pbat degradable plastics, 200,000 tonnes/year scrubber industrial wires and 80,000 tonnes/year functional polyesters (pet) projects. In 2021, the company will also produce 550,000 tonnes/year civil scrubbed wire, 120,000 tonnes/year polyester membrane projects.
In 2020, the extremes of the epidemic will be eased after the drop of the vaccine in 2021, the main product landscape will be restored, the company will be valued using a relative valuation method, and the company will be predominantly a large-scale refined firm. (**Note: Remove Shanghai petrochemicals, Eastern rainbows;*** Note: Remove Orient rainbows)
Corporate valuations are below the valorized level of glory petrochemicals. 12 times and 11 times, the company ' s big refining and ethylene projects contribute to the year-round performance, the company will continue to develop downstream in the field of new polyester esters, the potential for high-end chemical production and degradable plastics remains high, and the company is still better growing.
The risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; The risk that end demand will not recover as expected; The risk that domestic pta production will continue to spread out;
The risk of excess refining capacity; The risk of slow restoration of profits from downstream products; The risk of significant additions to the petrochemical industry under the “carbon neutrality” policy.
In 2017, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the chain of crude oil, gas, and garment industries, as well as investment assessment of the petrochemicals project of the China Sinda Asset Management Corporation.
Cao Cao, Research Assistant in the petrochemical industry. Master of Finance, Kas Business School, City University of London, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2020 for research in the petrochemical industry.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.