The effects of the consolidation of assets are at first sight, with wind power and offshore operations in 2019, emerging industries, clean and new energy operations, a marked improvement in the landscape of the wind and power industry, steady progress in international operations, economic global wind power as manufacturing costs decline, and the domestic wind and power industry has gone through 2017.
Companies have benefited fully from the recovery of the wind and power industry. Faced with a rapidly changing international economic environment and difficulties in financing focused projects, firms have actively seized important market opportunities in countries along the “one-way” route, international operations have progressed steadily, and the share of foreign revenues has risen steadily.
Integration of the Group's high-quality asset injections, promotion of sustained recovery of profitability through business restructuring and reduction of associated transactions, development of new business growth points, opening up of opportunities for corporate growth, new upgrades in 2019 through improvements in business and product structure and expansion of marketing areas
Billions of dollars, an increase of 13.55% over the same period last year. In hand orders, $88 billion, an increase over the same period last year.
The implementation of the strategy, which is driven by a wheel-driven approach, helps companies to integrate resources into the industrial chain, improves the profitability of their main industries, and fosters new business growth points and opens up opportunities for companies to grow.
In the first half of 2019, the emerging growing industry won a valid order of $4.29 billion, an increase of 157.8 per cent over the same period last year.
The new entry order of $1.87 billion was 7.5 times higher than in the same period last year. New entry orders for new energy materials were put in place.
During the industrialization phase, profitability continued to improve, with the first “uptake” rating being covered.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
Clean and new energy operations have become more dynamic, wind and wind industries have improved significantly, and international operations have steadily advanced. With the decline in production, global wind power has become economic, and the domestic wind and power industry has been under construction in 2017 and recovered in 2018, there will be a surge in loading in the next 2-3 years. Wind and wind products research and development has shown that companies have fully benefited from wind and wind power.
Industry is recovering. Companies actively seize important market opportunities in countries along the “one-way” route, international operations are steadily advancing, and the share of income from foreign operations is rising steadily. In the face of the rapidly changing international economic environment and the financing difficulties of priority projects, 2. Integration of the Group's high-quality asset injections, and promotion of profitability through business restructuring and improvement and reduction of associated transactions
Continuous repair and development of new business growth points, opening up room for company growth. Companies ordered $88 billion in business and product orders in 2019, an increase over the same period last year. Companies completed the acquisition of power electronics and controls, finance, logistics, trade, fuel cells, industrial smart equipment, etc. under the corporate umbrella in 2018, reducing associated transactions, pushing forward.
The implementation of a two-wheel drive strategy to boost “power supply equipment plus emerging industries” will help companies to integrate industrial chain resources, increase the profitability of their main industries, and foster new business growth points and open up opportunities for corporate growth.
In the first half of 2019, the newly growing industry was able to obtain a valid order of $4.29 billion, an increase of 157.8 per cent over the same period last year. The main difference between the first half of the year in the environmental industry and the market view is:
As one of the three major players in the power supply and equipment industry, the market considers its market space to be limited, and while maintaining a domestic monopoly, there is a great risk that foreign power projects will be difficult to expand. But we believe that the country’s capital sector can follow the country’s trend towards a slight expansion, and that strategies and policies that support the economic development of the countries and regions concerned are inevitable.
In the case of landings, this will open up room for growth in the company’s traditional power supply equipment business. The company’s consolidation of corporate assets will reduce the number of related transactions and promote the company’s profitability while fostering other business growth points.
To become a new business growth point for firms in the next two to five years, steady releases, such as source and modern manufacturing services, have continued to grow faster, emerging industries have entered the industrialization phase, profitability has continued to improve, and coverage has been given an “enhancement” rating for the first time.
1.1.1. Launch of the establishment of the Eastern Electric Co. Ltd. and placing it on the market at port and on the premises
Eastern Electric Co. Ltd., approved by the State sector and the relevant policy documents, was the sole sponsor of the Oriental Electric Power Plant, with limited shares established on 28 December 1993 in the form of an initiative, and on 6 June 1994, the company issued shares of h in Hong Kong and placed them on the Hong Kong joint stock exchange, stock exchange.
On 17 February 2006, with the approval of the National Finance Committee, the transfer of corporate shares was carried out without charge, and the Eastern Telecommunications Group became the company ' s first shareholder.
Power-sharing reform programme: The company’s only non-negotiable equity shareholder, the East Group, is paid to the company’s share holders at the price of some of its non-current shares.
The company's 203.8 million shares, representing 45.29 per cent of the total stock of the Eastern Electric Power Company, have been injected into the main operating assets of the Eastern Electric Group, and the stockholdings of the above-mentioned companies have been collected as a price, on an ongoing basis, to purchase surplus shares of the Eastern boiler, and the name of the listed company has been changed to Eastern Electric.
In May 2007, the company signed a purchase agreement with the Eastern Electric Group (ETEC) for the purchase of hundreds of millions of dollars in its possession. The company issued 367 million shares of a stock (at a nominal value of $1.00 per share) to EEG.
The balance of $8,870 million in cash, the balance of which was paid on the date of completion of the first acquisition, constitutes a deferred counter-argument.
On 26 December 2007, OECT issued a full purchase offer to the share holders of the circulation share in the unlimited sales terms of the OECS boiler to purchase shares of its own stock or renminbi at a price held by OECT.
Gold, with a share swap rate of 1:1.02 and a cash option price of $25.40 per share. On 29 February 2008, the offer was cleared and the registration process was completed.
126,905,730 shares, representing approximately 31.61 per cent of the total issued shares of the Orient boiler, and on 22 March 2008, a letter of confirmation was signed between the company and the Orient Electric Group regarding the number of shares to be ceded by the second deal of the Orient Boiler (Group) Holdings Limited, confirming that the East Electric Group should follow up.
The number of shares in the Eastern boiler given to the company is 126,905,730, which represents 31.61% of the total number of shares issued in the Eastern boiler.
On March 12, 2008, the Shanghai Stock Exchange issued document No. 22, which approved the termination of the listing of the Eastern Potsi stock as of March 18, 2008. On March 19, 2008, the East Electric Group (TEC) closed the listing.
Issuance of the Circular of the Eastern Electric Group of China on the Specific Arrangements for the Termination of Post-Marking Stock Acquisitions by Oriental Boilers (Group) Limited, intended to acquire Eastern Boilers Stocks from the former East stock holders after the termination of their listing through the service systems provided by the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Register Company
The boiler has an unlimited share of the negotiable shares (“residual share”). The rest of the share is purchased for shares held in the company's shares or in the renminbi at a rate of 1:1.02, the cash option price is per share, so far, the listed company holds 99.79 per cent of the shares in the Eastern boiler and 100 per cent of the Eastern Wheeler.
On 26 October 2007, the name of the listed company was changed to Eastern Electric Co. Ltd., and the name of the listed company was changed to Eastern Electric Co. Ltd., with the approval of the General Directorate of State Administration of Commerce and Industry and the registration of the Deyang City Administration of Industry and Commerce of Sichuan Province.
Eastern Electric, code still at 600875.sh. Current status, integrating the assets of the ETC industrial chain associated with listed companies into the Public Department to achieve the overall listing of the future EEG.
1. Between 2008 and 2018, two additional and one publicly available revolving debt, and three publicly available loans in 2014, mainly for projects aimed at rebuilding the productive capacity of companies, restructuring products, increasing research and development inputs and financing related power plant projects.
Since 2018, the consolidation of assets in the Eastern Electrical Industry chain has been injected into listed companies. In 2018, the targeted incremental financing project was directed to the Eastern Electric Group. The assets to be purchased were 100 per cent Eastern financial equity held by the Eastern Electric Group, 100 per cent ownership by the United States Company, 100 per cent ownership by Eastern self-control, and 100 per cent ownership by Eastern countries.
Intangible assets such as equity, smart technology 100% equity and equipment-type assets owned by the Eastern Electric Group and intellectual property rights. Essentially, the assets of the chain of controlling shareholders associated with the operations of listed companies are integrated into the market, with the aim of reducing the associated transactions with controlling shareholders and increasing the company’s capitalization rate to the highest extent possible.
At the end of the period, the objective of the overall listing of EEG was achieved. 1.2. Holding shareholders and actual controllers basic information and the latest equity structure 1.2.1. Holding shareholders and actual controllers
In November 1984, according to the Circular of the Ministry of Mechanical Industry of the People’s Republic of China on the Establishment of an Orient Power Plant Suite, four enterprises formed the Orient Power Plant, the Orient Wheeler Plant, the Orient Boiler Plant, and the East Wind Power Plant.
The company is an enterprise organization under the leadership of China Electric Power and Equipment Corporation, and in October 1989, according to the Sichuan Department of Mechanical Industries, "Apply report on the overall design of the Sichuan Oriental Power Plant Suite" and the "Name of the Enterprise of the State Administration of Industry and Commerce"
In November 1992, according to the Sichuan People's Government and the Ministry of Mechanical and Electronic Industry of Sichuan Province, the Eastern Power Plants Company applied for re-registration with the Sichuan Chamber of Commerce and Industry Administration.
In April 2009, under the State Council ' s State Assets Supervisory Board ' s " Revocation of the Statutes of the Eastern Electric Group of China, Ltd. " , the Eastern Electric Group Company of China was transformed into a publicly owned enterprise.
For the sole proprietorship of the State, the name of the company was changed to “China's Eastern Electric Group Limited.” The Eastern Electric Group, one of China's largest specialized companies in manufacturing and contracting power plant works, was the backbone of 53 state-owned priorities identified by the Party's central authorities as being related to national security and the lifeblood of the national economy.
1.2.2. The latest stock structure of the company: the top ten major shareholders and the actual controllers of the company have not changed.
The company's main business model is the development, design, manufacture, marketing and distribution of advanced, clean and efficient hydropower, thermal, nuclear, wind, gas, solar photovoltaic and other large power generation packages to the world.
Business provides engineering contracts and services. As one of the world's largest research and development companies, manufacturing bases and power plant engineering, the company produces the world's highest generation equipment for many years, generating power equipment and its services in nearly 70 countries and regions around the world.
The main products of the company include single-power 5 to 1 million kilowatt-grade units, 5 to 1 million kilowatt-grade units of water turbines, 10 to 1.75 million kilowatt-grade units of nuclear power, heavy gas turbine equipment, 1.5-
10 MW-grade wind power equipment and products such as flue gas de-sulfurization of large power plants, large chemical containers, etc., constructed multi-electricity “hydropower, electricity, nuclear power, wind power, gas power, solar power generation”, coordinated with 2.1.2. Main business structure: clean and efficient power generation equipment and modern manufacturing services are the main Māori-owned
Main camp operating structure of Eastern Electric 2018: the company ' s main business model is the development, design, manufacture, marketing of advanced clean and efficient hydropower, electric power, nuclear power, wind power, gas power, solar light heat, large new energy sources, modern manufacturing services, emerging growth and Māori revenues from engineering and services, respectively 34.30,
The revenue from clean and efficient power generation equipment accounts for the majority of the company ' s revenue, with the revenue from thermal power generation equipment, which in turn accounted for the bulk of the revenue from clean and efficient power generation equipment, which in mid-2019 continued to account for 73% of the revenue from clean and efficient power generation equipment.
In 2013, despite a brief recovery, negative growth continued after 2014. In 2018, corporate assets and revenues from nuclear power generation equipment continued to decrease significantly. In mid-2019, total operating income grew by the same level as 4,24 per cent, with negative growth slowing.
In the future, combustion engines, utilities, and wind power will be the main sources of revenue recovery, with wind power being the most resilient and spatial business. Since 2011, both the company’s Māori ratio and net interest rates have shown a downward trend, with corresponding partial lows.
All right, this indicates that the Māori rate of the company’s original business is also being repaired, with a marked improvement in the business climate. Since 2011, the company’s trend in Roe and Roa has been more consistent with the trend in net interest rates, continuing downs, and the public sector’s continued improvement in asset and liability rates and liquidity are in a reasonable range.
There is a clear recovery in the landscape of sub-protocols such as electricity, wind, etc., while the company’s sales earnings from abroad are steadily up, the downward trend in revenue from power generation equipment will slow in the future, and environmental equipment in the corresponding emerging sectors will enter the release period, and hydrogen energy materials and smart equipment will enter the industrial phase.
The rate of return on funds is at a relatively historically low level of positive returns, and the trend at the turning point is largely determined.
Fire power generation equipment usually includes coal-fired power generation equipment and gas-fired power generation equipment. The energy of a power plant is usually steam.
Heat water to generate water vapour, which is then powered during the generation phase by a steam engine powered by a wheel generator. The most widely used power plant is that its construction design and functionality are often standardized and flexible enough to use all types of fuel.
One of the main disadvantages is that energy conversion efficiency during fuel combustion is inevitably lost, and therefore the combined efficiency of power plants is affected. Another disadvantage is that coal combustion can cause no environmental damage.
Hydropower equipment typically uses reservoir water as an energy source. Water flows through a canal to a hydroelectric power station, transforming the power of stored water into kinetic energy. Water valves control the flow into water turbines, currents drive the rotation of water wheels, and thus transform kinetic energy into mechanical energy.
Generator power generation, which is transferred to end-users after transforming. Figure 8: Work flow of power generation equipment Protection of open sea lines 4 and 4
The wind power equipment is mainly converted from wind kinetic energy to electrical energy and is transmitted to the end-user.
The basic workflow of the nuclear power plant is as follows:
Figure 11: Nuclear power generation equipment workflow 2.2.2. Corporate business model due to higher value and longer production cycles of electricity generation equipment products, coupled with the company ' s client-friendliness of products
In recent years, the demand-driven effect of electricity demand has been on the public sector.
As a result of the fact that the company produces its main product in a “sales-based” manner, sales of the company's main product are largely directly signed by the project investor or the main contractor by means of a tender or bargaining process.
Supply contracts. Due to the high value and long life cycle of the electricity-generating equipment product, payments are usually made in instalments of 10 per cent down payment, 20 per cent payment and 30 per cent progress payment (60 per cent completion of production), with an additional 30 per cent after completion of the product, and the remaining 10 per cent as quality.
Volume deposits are kept in the hands of the client until the expiration of the safe operation of the company ' s products under the contract.
Since our founding, we have been implementing a licensing system for the production of power-generating equipment, which has led to the creation of industries supported by the Eastern Electric Company, Shanghai Electric Group Limited and Harbin Power Station Equipment, mainly in the field of electrical equipment, as well as by China-China joint ventures and more than 100 small and medium-sized enterprises.
Three major manufacturers in our power generating equipment market, the Eastern Electric Group, the Shanghai Electric Group and the Haratian Electric Group, dominate and currently account for the vast majority of the domestic market share. The three manufacturers, the Eastern Electric Group, the Shanghai Electric Group and the Harakat Electric Group, together account for about 90% of the total. In the field of fire power, companies, the Shanghai Electric Collection.
In the field of wind power, the company is gradually expanding its market share; in the field of nuclear power, the company is leading.
In the area of gas turbines (class 9f), only this company, the Shanghai Electrical Group and the three manufacturers of the Harbot Group have established joint ventures and sole capital in the country.
Companies, such as Toshiba, Japan, and Mitsubishi power plants, have also entered China’s electricity-generating equipment market. Small and medium-sized enterprises and joint ventures face many obstacles to entering the industry, limiting their development, and the pattern of major manufacturers in the electricity-generating equipment market remains unchanged.
The Shanghai Electrical Group was established on 1 March 2004 to operate or manage power stations and distribution, mechanical and electrical integration, transport, design, manufacture, marketing, general contracting of electrical engineering projects, total and distribution of equipment, technical advice and training, domestic trade, import and export of goods and services
Technical import and export operations, labour services and industrial investment. Established on 24 March 1993, HEC operates on electrical power plants, boilers, engine parts and support mechanisms for the manufacture, sale, domestic trade, development of domestic and foreign power plant projects, outside the country.
Enterprises of all types, goods for sale, which are the tender services for engineering equipment for State-owned priority construction projects.
Significant fund-raising and investment acquisition matters 3.4.1. Key processes and nodes for the implementation of equity incentives
3.4.2. Key elements of the equity incentive programme
Table 8.2019 Specific elements of the Equity Incentives Programme 4.1.1. Clean and new energy business booms, 2019 wind-winding climates significantly improved, nuclear power starters are expected to be strong and international operations are advancing steadily
In the first half of 2019, 3398 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity consumption nationwide increased by 5.0 per cent in comparison with the previous year, a drop of 4.4 percentage points over the same period. National investment in the completion of power projects was slightly higher than in the same period in the previous year, with a marked decline of 26.0 per cent and 30.2 per cent, respectively.
As the cost of manufacturing has fallen, global wind power has become economical, and wind orders and wind products have been developed to demonstrate that companies have fully benefited from the recovery of the wind and electricity industry. The domestic wind and power industry began construction in 2017 before the end of 2019 to ensure that the prices of the target poles remain constant, so the recovery cycle was positive in 2019.
The company’s wind and power market has performed well, with a new winning order of $8 billion in the first half of the year. Significant progress has been made in the development of new wind and wind products around the demand of the city. The 4mw land-based direct-drive prototypes have been successfully connected to the network and have been ordered in bulk; the 7mw offshore wind prototypes are expected to be offline by the end of the year; and 10mw sea level has been completed.
Wind prototypes are designed in detail; the 90-metre wind blades with the largest and longest power levels in the country have achieved multiple breakthroughs and high performance elasticity. The company became the country’s first demonstration of a marine nuclear power platform, a supplier of nuclear island master equipment packages, and obtained high-end orders from high-end markets in Europe, such as the United Kingdom and France.
Annual nuclear island markets reach 65.9%, conventional islands 44.9%, gas and electricity more than 40% for the second year in a row, and the domestic market is the largest. At present, the company’s nuclear power is over $30 billion on hand orders, which will gradually turn into performance if the domestic nuclear power is leveled.
International operations have progressed steadily, with foreign revenues rising steadily, reaching 19.3 per cent in 2018, and in the face of a rapidly changing international economic environment and difficulties in financing priority projects, companies have actively seized important market opportunities in countries along the “one-way” route and signed up to a Bangladeshi burner.
Priority projects, such as the project and the transmission and transmission project, contributed to the entry into force of the Papua New Guinea hydroelectric project, the Essio Biattacze hydroelectric project, and the Sri Lanka mobile project.
In 2019, the company was able to adapt its business and product structure and expand its marketing area.
By the end of June 2019, the entire company had completed the acquisition of power electronics and controls, finance, logistics, trade, fuel tanks, industrial smart equipment and other related assets under the corporate umbrella in 2018, reducing associated transactions and promoting “power equipment plus new”
The implementation of a two-wheel-drive strategy for industry development helps companies to integrate resources into the industrial chain, improve the profitability of major industries, and foster new business growth points and open up opportunities for corporate growth.
In the first half of the year, the emerging growing industry obtained an effective order of $4.29 billion, an increase of 157.8 per cent over the same period last year.
A new order of $1.87 billion came into effect, which is 7.5 times the same time last year. The new energy package came into force for $390 million, an increase of 113 per cent. The first hydrogen-fired battery automated production line in the western part of China, with an annual production capacity of 1,000 units, is officially operational, industrial equipment, storage energy, energy Internet, etc.
The company’s ability to expand its production capacity is being enhanced by customizing its smart equipment, digital production line/workshop design and master contracting, and telediagnostics and services for power station equipment.
4.2 Profit forecasts compare with valuations for new energy sources, modern manufacturing services, emerging growth and Māori revenues from engineering and services, respectively, with net profits of $730 million from parent companies; Māori is 21.66 per cent, with a net interest rate of 5.13 per cent.
Income: We believe that the five operating blocks of clean and efficient power generation equipment, new energy generation equipment, modern manufacturing services and new and growing industries, and engineering and service operations continue to divide. We anticipate that in the clean and efficient power generation units, the revenue from fire power equipment will continue to grow negatively, and that the revenue from combustion equipment will continue to grow.
Maintenance of faster growth and low base of conventional island equipment operations; wind and power supply revenue in the new energy plate; low growth in hydropower and nuclear power; higher growth in power station services; engineering operations in the engineering service module are expected to reach 2020
At the end of the year, 2021 is back on the growth track; in the emerging industrial sectors, environmental equipment is increasing and, in the long term, hydrogen energy materials and smart equipment plates are beginning to be industrialized, with the prospect of starting over the next two years
To boost the company's combined Māori rate is expected to return to the bottom. We expect clean and efficient power generation units, new energy sources, a significant recovery in Māori for the modern manufacturing services sector, engineering services, a further pressure on Māori for the new and growing industries, as environmental equipment is released, and hydrogen energy materials.
The growth of new energy sources and modern manufacturing services has been sustained at a steady pace, with emerging industries entering the industrialization phase, and continued improvements in profitability, with first-time coverage rated as “uptakes.”
As shown in the table below, the net profit compound growth rate for the company over the next three years, based on 2018, is 18 per cent, and we combine our considerations of the future development space of the company, the centre of performance growth and the market value preferences of the current market, with caution and absolute valuation from the point of view of peg = 1, and we give the company a target for 2019.
The wind power industry has recovered less than expected; nuclear power has started less than expected; and fire power equipment has fallen more than expected. By means of an independent and objective presentation of this report using legally compliant information, any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a customer for whom it has no direct business relationship with it, and it does not have proper responsibility for reading it. It is a confidential material of the company, such as the receipt of this report by a non-corporate client, which should be returned and deleted in a timely manner and kept confidential until it has publicly disclosed or agreed to do so.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.