In the third quarter of 2017, the company issued its third quarterly report. In the first quarter, the company's operating income for the third quarter was $1,358 million, an increase of 32.69 per cent over the same period last year; The net return to the mother was $194 million, a decrease of 4.65 per cent compared to the same period last year; and the revenue per basic share was 0.22 dollars, a decrease of 4.35 per cent compared to the same period last year.
The growth in corporate operating income has been marked by an increase in product sales; the active deployment of the industrial chain has led to core competitiveness. The company has developed a strategy for the second half of 2017: “All is at the centre of order delivery.” After many years of layout and farming, the company has a group of strategic partners, such as the upper-mortality group, the new energy source of the North, the Utility bus, the Jili car, the middle-to-town car, the Nanjing Kinlong, the Ankay passenger car and the Jianghuai car.
At the same time, in order to maintain cost and technical advantages in the new energy automotive battery industry, the company has initially completed the industrialization of the upstream core nodes of key raw materials, including positive materials, humid diaphragms, coating of alumina, etc., and has mastered the development and preparation of core materials, such as phosphate lithium, trinity material and coating of alumina core materials.
In the first three quarters, there was a slight decrease in the net return profit of the company, and market competition is increasing, and the company’s technological advantage is expected to follow. The fall in profits is mainly due to the fall in sales prices for lithium batteries for the third quarter of \triangleright and higher costs of upstream raw materials, thus reducing the company’s profit margin.
This is 2,357 million yuan, an increase of 32.70 per cent over the same period the previous year. The increase in operating costs is due, on the one hand, to the expansion of the company’s productive capacity and, on the other hand, to the rise in upstream prices of raw materials.
The company focuses on the development and manufacture of powered lithium batteries, and has a well-developed research and development system that provides the basis for product design and validation. Meanwhile, the company’s new generation, the trinity 622 square aluminium shell battery industry, and the trinity 811 battery, soft-packed battery product research and development project have made significant progress.
There has been significant progress. But domestic power cell prices have declined significantly, with higher upstream materials affecting profit levels. Corporate capacity has expanded steadily and rapidly, and stock growth may lead to some pressure.
During the same period, the company increased by 404.95%. Based on the outlook for new energy vehicles, it expanded its production capacity and increased its input into new production lines. But the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter of the year increased by 1,129 million yuan, or 79.20% compared to the same period last year, mainly as a result of the company’s increased production reserves for the fourth quarter.
The interest rate has risen accordingly, and the financial costs have increased by 61.80% over the same period the previous year. But the cash flow of the company’s operations has increased significantly.
The new energy vehicle is not growing as expected, the power-driven lithium industry is competing with others, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East.
Yang Jom, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, is good at understanding the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, and at the view of Zhou, who has studied it. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.