Three-quarterly review of the state's performance, four-quarter battery release period.
In the first half of the year, the company's power cell output was about 1.5 gwh (0.3-0.4 gwh).
We expect three quarters of the volume to be around 1 gwh, which is roughly the same as the second quarter, which is affected by the three-quarter shutdown of the Qingdao production line. Four quarters, due to commercial traffic, the company now has sufficient hand orders, so the four-quarter jump will lead to higher performance than the ring; and Qingdao will be able to increase.
The production line is now gradually returning to production, with four quarters expected to be resupplied to North ec180, and we expect that in the fourth quarter the company's tri-dollar battery is projected to be 0.4gwh, with an expected 0.8-0.9gwh throughout the year.
This year, the customers of phosphate and North Volt Fukuda, we expect to deliver 3 gwh per year. So we expect the company to deliver 1.5 gwh in the fourth quarter, 2. Big orders for the North and 3 dollars market expansion.
The increase in management costs affected net interest rate levels. 38% in the first three quarters of 2017 and 2.4 percentage points in the ring over the second quarter.
The cost ratio is 20.64%. Of this amount, sales costs are reduced by 9% to 262 million per year.
The Division ' s inventory of $1,130 million, an increase of 79 per cent from the beginning of the year, increased its stock levels as a result of the company ' s seizure of equipment for four quarters of the year. The company ' s accounts receivable at the end of the reporting period amounted to $3,835 million, an increase of 59 per cent from the beginning of the year, or 30 per cent from the beginning of the year.
(a) 85 million yuan, an increase of 25 per cent in the same year; 690 million dollars in capital expenditure in the previous three quarters, a decrease of 30 per cent in the same period, and 958 million dollars in net cash flow from investment activities, as a result of active capacity-building by companies;
During the period, the company’s power cell output fell short of expectations, and the price of battery products fell far short of expectations. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has an investment advisory committee on securities.