The Māori rate has stabilized, the stagnatorium is released, the operating income has been 3,755 million yuan, an increase of 9.70 per cent in the same year, and the net profit on maternity is $640 million, a decrease of 13.27 per cent in the same year.
By integrating the positive/negative/diaphragm chains on lithium, the company now has 8,000 tons of phosphate, iron and lithium material production, and has achieved full self-sufficiency of phosphate and is planning to do so through the distribution of shares.
Financing the construction of 10,000 tons of high nickel ore material production capacity, 5,000 tons of silicon-based negative apole production capacity, combined with 80 million m2 wet-powered lithium diaphragms in collaboration with star-source material production lines, the whole chain layout of the company is beginning to emerge.
The impact of the rise in raw materials on the company’s Māori ratio, the Māori Portfolio Program of q1/q2/q3 was approved in 2017, and the 25 September announcement determined a ratio of 10 shares to 3.00 billion yuan.
Three lithium power projects in the island 300 million, Nanjing 300 million and 10,000 tons of high nickel and 5,000 tons of silicon-based negative polar materials per year, 210,000 new energy vehicles per year, power plants, 200,000 electric motor power plants per year, construction of engineering institutes.
Q4 sales are expected to follow the market. q3 stock has risen by 79.20% over the same year, and q4 sales are expected to follow the market as the company's new production lines are put into production, adding to the peak of traditional sales of new energy vehicles at the end of the year.
The concern was expressed that q3 accounts receivable and advances had increased significantly by 59.9 per cent and 144.28 per cent, respectively, respectively, and that delays in the payment of downstream garages needed attention.
The expansion is not as fast as expected; the price of powered lithium has fallen far more than expected. Pan Yong-la: Xiamen University, Master of Finance, eight years of experience in securities research, joined the Chinese Securities Research and Development Department in September 2017, with major research and follow-up areas: the new energy sector for electricity and equipment, and the non-monetary financial sector.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the said securities, which does not take into account the specific investment purposes and financial resources of the persons obtaining the report.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in this report, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.