Lithium chain closed-ring layout, profit-enhancing growth period under signature: Zhang radium, lithium production expansion, three-dollar high nickel ratio, high client structure. The company now has lithium.
The power capacity is over 6 gwh, and is expected to reach 9 gwh by the end of next year. The high nickel trinity capacity is gradually released, the trinity ratio is rising, and next year the trinity capacity ratio will rise to about 45%. There are good customer layouts in the use of cars and commercial vehicles, and the supply is stable.
The commercial cars have customers such as Woo-tung, Chinese passenger cars, Nanjing-King-Long, An-Kai passenger cars. There are sufficient orders in hand to guarantee the volume of goods to be delivered in four quarters.
The company's ncm 622 positive materials have been put into production, resulting in a three-dollar 622 battery volume. A three-dollar 111 battery will be converted to a three-dollar 622 line, and a three-dollar 622 battery will have an energy density of more than 130wh/kg.
Inch lifts and box material replacements, the energy density of the phosphate lithium battery is also expected to rise to over 130wh/kg next year. Next year, Bms, developed autonomously by the company, will be used for the first time in a vehicle battery and will no longer be limited to commercial vehicles.
Three dollars, $811 battery technology, solid battery technology follow-up. Lithium battery industry is closed, upstream material costs are controlled, profit levels are guaranteed and supplies of raw materials are stabilized. Three dollars, n.m., 622 n.c. materials are in production, and it is hoped that most of next year's three positives will be achieved.
Self-contribution of materials; production of 8,000 tons of lithium phosphate; expansion of production planning next year to 10,000 square wet diaphragms in the process of product validation; mobilization project planning 5,000 tons of silicon negative electrodes; Aluminium self-covering: accelerated expansion of power cores and battery production in four plants: standardized modules
The recycling ladders for lithium batteries are used for the recycling of lithium resources with a joint venture plant in Kanagawa, Lanzhou. Use them. Build a closed ecological chain for upstream material->core and battery-> battery recycling. Use the industrial chain advantage to gradually reduce the cost of lithium electricity production, and achieve grossness in the context of falling lithium electricity prices.
The interest rate level is relatively stable. Lithium batteries are released in four quarters with a time-limited release time, with a significant increase in profitability. The company predicts their \diamond
After deduction of 6.40 in the first three quarters, the short-term net profit level was affected by the increase in the management cost rate. The company accelerated the expansion of production capacity and increased investment in research and development, resulting in an increase in the management cost rate of about 4 percentage points over the first half of the year.
Companies are expected to increase their profitability by four quarters, with a substantial increase in the volume of goods delivered, a flat return in profitability, and a significant improvement in profitability. With product restructuring and upstream material cost control, companies’ unprofitable capacity is expected to continue to improve.
The market share has gradually increased and profitability has continued to improve; equity financing has expanded its advanced capacity to become long-term \diamond long-term and profitable. Lithium taps, combined with technological and R & D strength, are washed in the lithium electricity industry.
The financing is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter and will be used to finance a new generation of high-energy lithium battery production industrialization projects, which, in addition to expanding the power core, will also invest in positive and negative materials, combined power generation and recharge facilities. By controlling the cost of the industrial chain and reducing the cost of technology, the level of the Māori ratio will eventually be relatively stable.
Set. The firm ' s long-term growth and profitability are high, despite short-term levels of profitability. \diamond