2021 Quick Performance Review: q4 performance bright and the “one nuclear two-wing” strategy steady progress  Events: companies publish annual performance reports for 2021 to achieve gross operating income, net profit return,
▪ Market promotion and cosmetics have accelerated growth, and corporate business income has increased on a quarterly basis: companies grew 23.27 per cent from year to year in 2021, mainly as a result of increased market planning and marketing channels, increased sales, faster growth in corporate revenue, and controlling stock-holding subsidiary thongs.
In 2021, q1/q2/q3/q4 was able to expand marketing channels, add a new online flagship shop, and increase corporate profitability in the third quarter of 2021.
Since then, the company has stabilized the price system by stabilizing supplies and regulating end-use sales.
Channels have increased access to consumption, and direct sales have increased significantly in terms of corporate profitability. 2021 Report: Performance meets our expectations, corporate “one nuclear two-wing” strategy has progressed steadily, and cosmetics are expected to grow faster: 2021
Continue to advance the One Nuclear Two Wings strategy The company continues to implement the One Nuclear Two Large Health Development Strategy to strengthen both cosmetics, solar and health products, and health-care foods, based on a strong pharmaceutical manufacturing industry with a strong backbone.
Two. "Photos" (600436): 2020. The cosmetics have now become a multi-brand brand, such as "Photos" and "Queens" and are published in the newspaper & 202101 Quarterly Review: Business.
Sea-based oral care has been deployed in the middle-to-high-end toothpaste market, pushing for the export of cavity care solutions. According to a steady growth in performance, the “one nuclear two-wing” strategy, the company’s performance report, we believe that the company’s cosmetics are expected to grow rapidly and to be a positive asset to the company.
3 “Simples” (600436): Innovation Camps — Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Taking into account the growth of performance driven by the expansion of the marketing channels of companies, direct marketing strategies, overall performance loops
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board