Current consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
In 2017, it benefited from the recovery of sub-high white wine and the release of the effects of internal reforms.
In 2017, the company’s dream blues increased sales by more than 50% on the same date. Recent research shows that sales during the spring festival were also very good. On January 8, 2018, the river held a spring festival strategy in Nanjing, where it was revealed that only 40% of the company’s spring quota was left, compared to the same amount.
At the end of November 2017, the company announced an upward revision of the prices of the dream blue m3 and m6 from 1 December, mainly by compressing costs.
There has also been a certain increase in the prices of the blue-class product series end-supply and end-retail retail. According to the company’s leadership’s three-step plan for the blue-class series at the end of last year, it is not precluded from remaining in stock/flow (million shares) in the future.
Intra-provincial channel boards have been set up, and the provincial company Xinjiangsu has managed to control the stock and prices of the provincial distributors. In the meantime, the company recently set up a board of directors in Nanjing City of the Blue Channel.
Ocean River Shares (002.04) Third Quarterly Review: A Conference, which consists mainly of consolidating all channels in Nanjing City, forming a stock company, accelerating revenue growth and steadily increasing the Maori rate.
The company, as the sole channel of commerce, is directed to all sales terminals in the city, with a unified service, a unified management -- 2017/10/29, thus breaking the original regional independence, fragmentation and even internal consumption.
Ocean River shares (002.04) are reported in the Ocean River shares. This is an indication of the increased importance that the river places on channel operators, which is expected to enhance the cohesion of the channels, in particular: a return to double-digit growth in the province, and a return to extra-provincial growth.
The success of the company’s future price policy has been protected. In the out-of-town market, the company’s resource investment under the “New Jiangsu” high-growth strategy – 2017/08/28 – has been more focused and effective to reach point-connected, wire-wiring levels.
Ocean River shares (002.04). Ocean River shares: the result of the movement. The number of markets in the company, Xinjiang Su, is currently 455 and the demand for product upgrades is higher than at the end of 2016.
58, leading to an overall increase of about 20% outside the province. The high rate of corporate consumer tax payments does not have to worry too much about the impact of the New Deal in 2017 q3, the increase of 4.6 pcts and surcharges by the same year, and 4.3 pcts by the ring.
In 2016, the combined real consumer tax rate for companies was about 10.4 per cent, as a whole, and would be based on the country ' s future.
The most recent regulation is included in taxes and additional subjects, and the company is a sub-high-end white wine-leading company, which, since last year, has benefited from the sub-high-end white wine recovery and from the company's restructuring of products and channels.
In recent times, sales are expected to be higher than expected in the spring season, as the product channels and terminal prices rise and the mission is overrated, and companies raise prices for the blue classic series this year.
The probability is likely to increase, and thus further increase, the elasticity of the company.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report