UV shares (000938), higher than expected performance growth, and the cloud service conglomerates have been very effective.
82.11 per cent of the net profit from maternity is 806 million yuan, an increase of 203.99 per cent from the previous year, 523 million yuan from the net profit from maternity, together with the successful integration of Xinhua San in 2016, with a significant increase in performance over expectations, and a significant increase in overall performance over expectations. (1) In 2016, the company successfully acquired 51 per cent of the shares in Chinese triads.
The overall Māori rate was 23.11 per cent, an increase of 9.99 per cent over the same period.
A total of 120 million yuan worth of asset impairment losses has affected the parent ' s net profit of 529.07 million.2 The major participating companies have performed well, and Xinhua ' s profits have been outstanding. Xinhua ' s main subsidiary, Xinhua ' s 300 million yuan, of which Xinhua ' s contribution is more than 100%, Xinhua ' s 252 million dollar net profit compared to last year ' s return to the mother.
3. We believe that the strategic effect of integrating Xinhua’s three pre-stages has already been demonstrated, laying a solid foundation for future performance growth. Significant changes in indicators such as corporate fees, R & D inputs, and cash flows are business as a result of the expansion of Xinhua’s business after M & D.
Accelerated strategic layout, active construction of the “circle of cloud services”1 and accelerated country-wide distribution of product services, with notable industry growth. Companies, with the deployment of the new IT strategy “Application-driven, Cloud-led Future” and network equipment, servers, storage products, safety products and resolution
Programmatic services are fully operational, maintaining high growth in multiple industry markets. (1) In the government sector, companies continue to maintain the government’s top share of the market and re-establish full product lines around the central government procurement counter; (2) in the financial sector, the company’s winning central bank, and major financial institution data centre projects such as the agricultural industry.
Maintenance of sdn ' s leading edge; (3) successful integration of several large and medium-sized projects in the education sector; (4) in the transport sector, the td-lte transport industry ' s wireless network solution technology leads to meet industry-specific needs and wins the new traffic cloud project in Guangdong, Sichuan, Shaanxi and Hebei provinces; (5) in connectivity
Research Assistant: Sun Qing Network Industry, H3c server market share continues to grow and network product leadership is strong: (6) In the area of operators, significant breakthroughs have been made in the three major operators + wide power market and first cloud cluster routers have been issued
2. According to the three-year action plan for cloud computing development (2017-2019) issued by the Ministry of Industry and Communications, by 2019, the country ' s cloud computing industry had reached its size of 430 billion yuan, breaking through a core set of key technologies, and its ability to account for services at an internationally advanced level had significantly increased its impact on the development of the new generation of the information industry.
1 Xinhua shares (000938), company review: and table 3. We believe that the current cloud computing market demand gap is huge, industry is in the pre-boom phase, traditional areas Xinhua's performance has increased significantly, and cloud service battles have continued.
Companies are actively pursuing cloud services eco-circle strategies. Slightly 20171717 “Cloud-Web-End” industrial chains can penetrate all segments of the industry, and will become the leading cloud service provider in the future.
\triangleright Cloud Services & Applications Programs are new, expanding storage services are beginning to work, 1 product services are new, and the industry is more sticky. In cloud computing, companies can offer a variety of products.
In the first half of the year, H3cloudgg, a telecommunications platform for the operator’s market, was launched as a key component of the re-engineering of the network of operators. Meanwhile, the “Cunctuary 100” project was launched, with partners to assume 100 new city and 10 industry clouds over the next three years.
2. The purple glimmers are working normally, with the enterprise-level storage system solution leading. The subsidiary violet glides a series of storage systems that serve cloud computing and provide storage solutions for users in nine major industries. Its central supply flash system has successfully entered the central government procurement platform, the Enterprise-level Disk Array.
3. We believe that companies are actively promoting the transformation and upgrading of cloud service providers by taking full advantage of the entire industry chain, such as hardware and software products, transportation services, etc., and that the weight of cloud computing will continue to rise, core competitiveness 33x and 28x. The Xinhua three operations are expected to continue to grow, corporate cloud strategy upgrades are expected to yield significant results, storage, etc.
JUNG Ping, head of the tmt group. Ph.D. in management at the Chinese People ' s University, head of the Chinese Petroleum University Business School, bha mentor of the Central National University, and has nearly 10 years of research experience in the field of tmt, with a Chinese ally bond in 2016.
Yang Si-heung, head of the computer team. Doctor of Computers, Chinese University of Technology, and post-Doctor of Information Science, Beijing University, Visiting Scholar, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology: Senior Research Scientist, Intel Academy, Allies Democratic Securities 2016. Sun Yu, Computer Research Assistant. Bachelor of Arts, University of Electronics, Master of Finance, Shandong University; two years of experience in software development implementation, League 2017.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.