Xinhua's performance has increased significantly, and cloud service strategy has continued to advance on 25 August 2017: on 25 August 2017, the UV shares released their mid-2017 report, and in the first half of 2017 the company achieved an operating income of 16.877 billion yuan, an increase of 82.11 per cent compared with 82.11 per cent;
Xinhua shares (000938.sz) show a significant increase in performance. The company achieved a rapid increase in revenue and profits in the first half of the year, mainly from Xinhua III, which was included in the consolidated statement on 1 May 2016, to Xinhua III, whose business data for May and June were included in the consolidated statement during the same period, and the first half of the year.
In addition, Māori rates and net interest rates for the current period amounted to 23.11% and 7.71%, respectively, a significant increase compared to the same period last year. Mergers and acquisitions for Xinhua III have led to significant improvements in company performance and have significantly improved corporate profitability.
Yuan Hae-woo Research Assistant has kept the industry at the forefront of its infrastructure products. The area of basic architecture product services and applications services is the company’s traditional business area, and with Xinhua’s integration, the company \triangleright
During the first half of the year, companies continued to grow in a number of sectors, including government, finance, education, transport, the Internet, and operators. In the government sector, companies built 12 ministries, 18 provincial and more than 200 local municipalities, maintaining their first share in the government cloud market; in 2017, companies re-established a central government procurement platform for all-line products; and in the central network, the company achieved a marketing breakthrough and the national internal government network was achieved.
In the financial sector, the company’s flagship agricultural bank, the People’s Bank of China, the People’s Exchange Centre of China, and the multi-provincial farmers’ business centre’s core data centre project continued to lead the financial data centre in the area of sdn. The cloud services strategy continued to advance.
\triangleright in part; integration product uis ranked first in the market share of China for the second year in a row; calculation of virtualization software cas as the first share of virtualized software products produced by China; company launch of the “Yun Jianjin 100 City” project, which plans to build 100 new city and 10 industry clouds with partners within three years, the first cloud of the plan.
In addition, the company has actively promoted the transition of traditional integration and services to cloud integration and cloud services. The company has also introduced a storage system for cloud computing services, in which the universflash full supply flash system has successfully entered the central government procurement platform's “business-level disk array” procurement list. The company has been able to achieve several sub-divisions in cloud services tables, products, storage systems, etc., and the synergies between business units are expected to continue.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
In Beijing, the 9th House of 9th Street in the west corner of the city is 42, 36, and 33 times, respectively, maintaining an “enhanced” rating. Risk factors: increased risks from competition in the industry; less integrated operations than expected; and less expanded operations than expected.
Tianjin, Beijing University Institute for National Development Research,ba, used to be a powerful 500-year-old American company, Nokia, Finland, for mobile phone research and laboratory management. In 2015, he joined the Sinda securities industry for computer research. Yuan Hae-woo, Beijing University, Bachelor of Physics, Master of Condensed Physics.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is provided only to the specific client mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is publicly produced by a publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, or the securities or investments referred to in this report.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.