Xinhua's performance has increased significantly, and the cloud service strategy has continued. In recent days, Xinhua's share released its semi-annual performance forecast for 2017: it is expected to achieve a return net profit of between $700 and 750 million.
The company successfully acquired 31% of Xinhua’s shares in 2016, which was included in the company’s consolidated statements on 1 May, and Xinhua’s contribution to the net profits from May to June in the first half of 2016.
A total of 129 million yuan. The expansion of the scale in 2017 to January-June was one of the main reasons for the growth in performance, and we believe that the successful integration of Xinhua San, calculated on the basis of the company ' s financial data for 2016, provides the basis for significant growth in the company ' s performance and further refines the layout of the industry through operational synergies to enrich and optimize it.
“Cloud-Web-End” industrial chain. Deepening industry cloud services, building a “Cloud Services Eco-Cooper” unit compared to depth of 300
The company develops and vigorously promotes a strategy for cloud computing services, strengthens systems integration and industry application development capabilities under the cloud computing architecture, innovates cloud computing solutions in government, education, wide power, etc., and provides large data storage solutions and services to industry clients through subsidiary UXO data.
We believe that through multilayered strategic cooperation and resource integration, companies will provide one-stop solutions based on large interconnections, large security, big data and cloud computing, building the “Cloud Services” biosphere, actively pushing forward the transformation and upgrading of companies to cloud service providers, and that the weight of cloud computing will continue to rise.
In terms of digital images, rapid expansion of logistics information, rapid seizure of products such as barcode scanners by companies, and improved digital image product lines; and Internet + Catering based on the saas architecture.
The restaurant ecosystem platform – the “beautiful restaurant” solution is expected to increase further market share. In our view, in the current context of rising consumption and rapidly growing digital information in the industry, companies are actively expanding their feeder product operations, along with the two main business segments of its infrastructure services and its distribution supply chain.
Reciprocal responses that have a positive impact on future new business expansion and can increase some of the profits.iii. Profit predictions and investment proposals 39x and 26x. Xinhua 3 operations are expected to continue to grow and corporate cloud strategy upgrades are expected to yield significant results.
The company’s financial statement data projections are aggregated, and the team leader is Cheng Ping, tmt. The Chinese People’s University has a doctorate in management, a master from the Chinese Petroleum University Business School, and a mentor from the Central National University for entrepreneurship for nearly 10 years.
Research experience in the tmt field, in 2016, Contributory Democratic Securities, Yang Si-Wung, Head of the Computer Group. Doctor of Computers, Chinese University of Technology, and Visiting Scholar, Beijing University of Information Science, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology; Senior Research Scientist, Intel Academy, 2016.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.