Aluminium industry chaining, deep-farmer industry moving to global investment rating: buy-in (first time) • large-scale coloured blending, integrated aluminium industry layout
China's aluminium industry is the only major international aluminium company in the global aluminium industry that has a complete industrial chain. The industry comprises three core industries: bauxite, aluminium oxide, aluminium electrolysis; three core sub-industries: high-purity aluminium, aluminium alloy, and fine aluminium oxide; and three complementary industries: carbon, coal, electricity.
Lower trade operations, higher profits from the optimization of the cost of electrolytic aluminium, and from the positive growth of the aluminium project, the company’s performance of the aluminium oxide plate is still growing. The industry’s supply and demand mismatches, and aluminium prices remain high.
At the end of the pipeline, dependence on imports of domestic bauxite continues to rise, with China ' s bauxite mineral volume rising to 93 million tons in 2023 and its bauxite imports from Guinea to 9,931.5 million tons, but overseas policies and energy problems continue to disrupt the supply of raw materials, and we believe that the steady supply capacity of subsequent raw materials will also become a bid for aluminium.
At the supply end, electrolytic aluminium is currently capped at 45 million tons in the medium- and long-term, new build-up capacity needs to be replaced with original capacity indicators, currently operating essentially close to the ceiling, and supply end increases are limited. At the demand side, the demand for aluminium from the automobile and photovoltaic industries is increasing: new-energy vehicles for new-energy vehicles.
There is a higher demand for re-enhancement, with lightweight and high-quality automobiles being replaced with aluminium materials or will continue to be replaced with new energy vehicles; the high volume of light voltage machines has led to a sustained release of light-voltage aluminium border demands and priority projects, and the advantages of integration have been highlighted.
With respect to bauxite, the company has the highest holdings of bauxite in the country, and has continued to expand overseas, with 1.761 billion tons of Arbofa mineral resources, high levels of self-sustainability and excellent endowments, stable and reliable bauxite resources highlighting the advantages of corporate integration.
Launch: expected release of 2 million tons of aluminium oxide project in Guangxihua, 500,000 tons of Aluminium Oxide project in Qinghai Branch and 420,000 tons of Aluminium electrolysis project in the U.N.
1 China Aluminium Industry: Large and Colored China, Integrated Aluminium Industry, Integrated Aluminium Industry Chains, 1.1 Aluminium Industry, Global Lead Aluminium Industry Company, China ' s Aluminium Industry shares are built around aluminium production, resource extraction, product development and production sales, international trade, etc.
The Chinese aluminium industry was established in 2001 and placed on the market in 2007, and the company developed the Bofa bauxite project in Guinea in 2018, acquired 29.1% of the shares in alumina in 2022, and further expanded the aluminium oxide and electrolytic fabric of the aluminium industry.
China’s aluminium industry is the only large international aluminium company with a complete industrial chain in the global aluminium industry. Its operations include three core industries: bauxite, aluminium oxide, and electrolytic aluminium; three core sub-industries: high-purity aluminium, aluminium alloy, and fine aluminium oxide; and three complementary industries: carbon, coal and electricity.
Figure 1 China's aluminium industry development history Chart 2 China's aluminium industry's five-platform business presentations
Trade operations with relatively low returns, accompanied by optimized costs of electrolysis aluminium in 2023, corporate efficiency gains, asset optimization, sustained recovery of performance.
Chart 3 company revenues and speed increases The main profits from electrolytic aluminium plates are made and there is room for growth in aluminum oxide. In 2023, the company earned original aluminium, aluminum oxide, and pre-tax profits from aluminum plates and aluminium oxide, respectively, amounting to $11,243 million and $985 million, respectively.
We believe that, along with the positive progress of the Aluminium Oxide project in Indonesia and Guinea, the company's aluminium oxide business is still growing.
China Aluminium Group, the first major shareholder of the company, is a fully-owned subsidiary of the State Treasury Committee of the State Council, and China Aluminium Group holds 29.43% of the company’s shares. China Aluminium Industries, China Aluminium International, Zilongazium, Silver Star Energy, Yunnan Copper Industries, and six listed companies, among them Silver Stars, are under the umbrella of the Chinese Aluminium Group.
Source and Aluminium shares are held through China-Aluminium shares. Through subsidiaries, companies are engaged in mining, aluminium oxide, aluminium electrolysis, new materials, trade, energy, etc. The supply chain and markets are global.
Core managers are experienced and their management teams are stable. Corporate core managers have extensive experience in non-ferrous metal smelting, business management, energy, etc., providing technical support for company development and business expansion. 1.3 Promote efficiency gains and higher profitability
Dupont's analysis: the company's turnover efficiency is ahead, and the profit margin is gradually rising. We've selected the company with a market value of more than 20 billion dollars in the sw plate as a comparable company, China's aluminum industry's net asset earnings in 2022 and the third quarter of 2023.
Corporate turnover leads ahead of peers, highlighting the supply chain management capacity of the head enterprise. Upgrading, mainly to boost efficiency gains and control corporate cost levels, is expected to continue to optimize.
Figure 12 Comparable Māori sales rate Figure 11 Comparable net interest rate on corporate sales Figure 15 Comparable R&D cost rates
Aluminium is an essential route to sea, based on data from usgs.
In 2023, China produced 93 million tons of bauxite, or 23.25 per cent of total global production, while bauxite and oxidized aluminium held only 2.37 per cent of total global reserves. And domestic bauxite mines were dominated by a hard-to-process aqueous alumina ore, with low grade, while Guinea's bauxite mines were dominated by trihydrate ore, with high grade and easy to exploit in 2023.
Guinea has 7.4 billion tons of bauxite deposits, or 24.7 per cent of the total global reserves, and Guinea and Australia and Viet Nam, where the combined bauxite deposits are close to 60 per cent of the global reserves, and where mineral resources are relatively concentrated.
In 2023, China continued to have 93 million tons of bauxite and 142.5 million tons of bauxite imported in the same year, with only 25.7 million tons of aluminium exported and most of the country's bauxite mines used for the production of aluminium oxide, which, according to data from usgs, amounted to 82 million tons in 2023.
The dependence on imports of bauxite in the country has continued to rise against a backdrop of continued high demand, particularly for imports of bauxite from Guinea, which in 2023 accounted for about 100 million tons of bauxite from Guinea, representing more than 70 per cent of the total imports.
Chart 19 China's bauxite exports (tons) Chart 20 China's bauxite imports
The value added of exports is low and many countries abroad have issued restrictions on the mining and export of bauxite: Bauxite exports have been banned since June 2023 in Nisiia, India; the Government of Guinea has also requested foreign mining companies with an annual amount of more than 15 million tons of bauxite in the country to commit to investing in the construction of aluminium oxide plants in Guinea and part of the bauxite industry.
Minerals are processed locally into aluminium oxide, which helps Guinea move towards industrialization and upgrading the value chain. 2.2 Electrolytic aluminium production is limited, demand is warm, supply and demand are persistently in conflict. Electrolytic aluminium production is close to the ceiling, and output growth is influenced by the power-restricted policy.
In February 2024, domestic electrolytic aluminium production was 421.105 million tons, with a capacity utilization rate of 93.41% and a ceiling of nearly 45 million tons of ceilings.
Demand side: Photovoltaic + new energy market leads to an increase in demand for aluminium materials. Automobile: According to the Aluminium Association of America (AAA), cars can reduce the weight of 1 kg per 0.45 kg of aluminium, and new energy vehicles in aluminium bodies can increase their ability to re-engage and reduce battery costs, thus increasing demand for aluminium as light quantification demands increase.
The number of new photovolts added annually is 216gw, compared to 147%. According to the Instant Stock Exchange Note, the border accounts for about 9% of the cost structure of the components, while aluminium alloys, based on their light quantification, ease of reinforcement, good conductivity and high recyclability, are currently the main photovoltile border material and are less likely to be replaced in a short period of time.
Figure 22 Aluminium per vehicle (kg) 3 priority projects continue to be released, and the advantages of integration are highlighted by the abundance of bauxite resources and the stability of production from its own mines. The company has stable and reliable bauxite resources in the country.
In 2023, the company added domestic aluminium, aluminium oxide and electrolytic aluminium production to continue to be released. In 2023, the company produced 1667 aluminium and fine aluminium oxide, respectively.
The expected release of the tons of aluminium oxide project, the 500,000 tons of aluminium electrolysis project of Qinghai Branch, and the 420,000 tons of light alloy materials project of Inner Mongolia Clouds New Materials Ltd. are expected to lead to a sustained improvement in the company ' s performance over the next two years.
Figure 26 Commercial sales of electrolytic aluminium 4 Profit prediction and valuation explore profit predictions and underlying assumptions:
Aluminium oxide plates: In volume terms, the company produced 16,67 million tons of aluminium oxide in 2023, with a subsequent increase in capacity, including the 2 million tons of aluminium oxide project in China Dynasty II. We expect the company to produce 22, 2270 and 23.5 million tons of aluminium oxide in 2024-26, respectively.
At the end of 2023, the price of aluminium oxide recovered, and we assumed that the price of aluminium oxide in 2024-2026 would be $2,500 per ton. At the profit margin, the original aluminium plate: in volume, the original aluminium increment would be 500,000 tons and the Inner Mongolia cloud 3 420,000 tons.
The company trade plate involves operations related to the main industry, such as aluminium oxide, raw aluminium, other non-ferrous metal products and coal, and we assume that the 2024-2026 trade plate is relatively stable, with a zero per cent increase in revenue and cost.
The average value is 23.73, and the company’s valuation is at a relatively low level. In a horizontal comparison, China’s aluminium industry, as large, large, large and multi-sized, covers the first time that a “buy-in” rating has been given.
(a) Aluminium prices fluctuated significantly: the company is mainly engaged in aluminium resource extraction, aluminium oxide and raw aluminium production, sales and trade, and aluminium price movements have some impact on the company's performance;
(b) Downstream demand is not as high as expected: downstream aluminium is used for building materials, vehicle delivery, machinery, etc., and if downstream demand slides, it will result in lower sales and impact performance.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.