Researchchand developmentcenter year is not easy. Three-wing birds can fly in the wind sometimes.
On May 24th, 2021, a thousand-year-old bird with three wings will be in the wind.
One of the main reasons for Hale’s forward-looking globalization strategy, which has expanded to overseas markets in 2020, is that overseas operations continued to hand over bright answers.
In the process, Hale is mainly using a parallel two-line model for the expansion of overseas markets, mainly the “Heir+Inland Trades” brands, which are now dominated by Haile, Casati, Leader, ge appliances, Fisher&paykel, aqua, Candy 7 brands on a global scale.
The acquisition of overseas brands initially led to huge capital expenditures for Haile, and the Māori rate in overseas markets was once lower than that of the competitor, the United States, but, after a combination of resources and strategic adjustments in recent years, the major brands under the Heir have achieved R&D, channels, marketing, business documents.
As a result of the overall synergy in globalization, the level of profitability in overseas markets has increased significantly, with the rate of Maori in Heir overseas in 2020 reaching 28.01%, up 1.44 ptt from 2019.
The most important brand of the Bureau, after many years of exploration, is geared to solving user pains, integrating the arts into home design aesthetics, and being a leading provider of high-end home-based solutions. In 2020, Casati earned $8.7 billion, an increase of 17%, and his refrigerator was over $10,000.
As the country’s high-end power market released its aggregate demand, Kassarty’s income is expected to expand further. The product will be replaced by a landscape, the industry will be ecologically covered, and the three-wing bird will take off sometime in 2019.
Hale proposes an eco-branding strategy, the essence of which is to interact with users and provide customers with the products and services they need to personalize through tools such as block chains, object networking, etc. In order to implement the eco-brand strategy, on September 11, 2020, a Helsea three-wing bird was born to provide consumers with a more comprehensive picture.
We believe that the three-wing bird is a continuation of the Cassatian brand, and that it is the sea that has increased and dropped in the last month (%) and is a more permanent layout for intelligent people. From brand to scene to ecology, it's the Hale group's choice.
At present, the share of circulation a (%) is based on Caos, Sunshine Logistics, Leisure Life, Heine Cloud, Sea Genesis, Sea.
The seven eco-brands of the jersey network, the Helium network, provide continuous empowerment to Heir thinkers from a variety of angles, such as production, procurement, logistics efficiency, and extravagant growth. A thousand years is not easy, and the efficiency of Helmet’s operation after privatization is rising.
On July 31, 2020, the company issued an announcement about the plans for the privatization of Hale electrical appliances, and the more than 10 years of struggle over the management of Hale has finally come to an end, as a result of inefficiencies caused by complex equity structures, fragmented business platforms, and redundancies.
After privatization is completed, it is expected that the efficiency of intra-group governance will be improved, that the coherence of interests between management and the group will be enhanced, and that internal consumption caused by redundant personnel and cumbersome processes will be significantly reduced, and that the overall turnover or acceleration will be accelerated.
A turning point for improved performance and a catalytic corporate forward-looking strategic layout at the level of reporting and valuation. Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect corporate income for 21-23 years to be a risk factor: significant increases in raw material costs, less than anticipated growth in overseas markets, high-end market demand
Sinda S.A., less than expected, less widespread distribution of synthesizing/scene products, significant exchange rate fluctuations, overseas contagion cindaseuritiesco., Ltd.
From a strategic point of view of the company: 1) The Heir thinker's global brand has entered the harvest period.
Tee, Leader, Gepplicances, Fisher & Paykel, aqua, Candy seven brands, with global coverage, seven brands with clear positioning, complete product coverage, high set coverage, basic coverage of consumption at all levels. 2) The domestic household electricity market has been upgraded, the share of the high-end household power market is opening, and Casati is serving as the country's high-end household power.
Brand leaders, market development space. And, compared to other high-end home and home brands in the market, Casatian products are rich in tectonics, with higher set ratios, and are consistent with the current high-end home power market development patterns. 3) From product to ecology, Haile releases the scene, branded "3-wing bird" , provides the most comprehensive scenario solution for users. Three-wing birds, as scene brands, are behind companies.
The Heil Group is a forward-looking, industry-wide organization, and the brands of Caos, Sunshine Logistics, Clothes Network, Food Network, etc. will continue to empower companies to operate more efficiently and sustainably. From a company’s operational point of view, Heir’s gains and losses over the years have been due to complex equity structures, fragmented business platforms, etc.
On 31 July 2020, the company issued an announcement about plans for the privatization of Hale electrical appliances, and the more than 10-horse-long altercation over Heir’s management system finally came to an end. With privatization completed, the internal governance efficiency of the group is expected to improve, and management-group interests are better aligned, with redundancies and redundancies.
In the long term, the privatization is expected to be a turning point for improved corporate profit-end performance, and to catalyse forward-looking strategic layouts of companies to meet their reporting and valuation levels. The white power industry is entering maturity, the electricity market is growing slowly, and brands are about to enter stock competition.
Industry growth is or will be limited. But we believe that the new and renewed demand resulting from the upgrading of the consumption structure remains a huge market void, and Hale has taken the lead on this trend: 1) In 2007, the company founded a high-end brand, Casati, which has pioneered the concept of synthesizing household electricity, which has been explored for many years.
In the field of domestic high-end domestic electricity, the recent fast-growing growth of the Kassati camp will be followed by further increases in consumer income, further releases of domestic electricity upgrading requirements, and an outbreak. (2) For overseas markets, companies have also seized the opportunity of high-end markets to actively promote the marketing and marketing of high-end brands under the flag.
The launch of the product and the rapid increase in the share of overseas markets. 2) Haile opted for a new race to provide consumers with a more intelligent, interconnected suite of products, a lifestyle choice that is compatible with the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, and intelligent life, through the landscape brand of the three-wing bird.
Trends, the future, will be an important driver of Heir’s sustainable development. (3) The whole ecological layout of Heir’s network, logistics, clothing and recreation will provide Heir with the full capacity to develop and improve the efficiency of its research, development, manufacturing, marketing, etc., thereby enhancing corporate profitability.
We therefore believe that Hale’s future, with its globalized branding, diversified product matrix, forward-looking branding, and product orientation, will remain a leader in increasing competition in the domestic electricity market. First, it is home-grown and global, with long-term savings waiting for a thick and thin hair.
The scale of Heir's overseas operations has expanded steadily in the larger context of the epidemic. In the first half of 2020, the foreign domestic electricity market performed poorly as a result of the new coronary epidemic, but Hal quickly adapted and optimized the operating system, drawing on the experience of the domestic recombustion of the disease. In the first half of 2020, the company earned $47 billion abroad, an increase of 0.6 per cent compared with the company's revenues.
An exceptional increase of 2 pct to 49% was recorded, with US market revenues increasing by 6.5% over the year, the Japanese market expanding by 16.4% over the year, and the South-East Asian market growing by 7%. Heir's overseas revenues amounted to $101,352 million a year-on-year increase of 8.61%, representing 48.33% of the total, and 1.85 pct higher than in 2019. North America, the largest overseas market for Heir thinkers, recorded 63.7 billion in 2020.
One of the main reasons why overseas operations continued to give up bright answers in 2020 was that Heir’s forward-looking globalization strategy. In addition to using local brands to move abroad, Haile acquired foreign markets earlier.
High-end brand brands, globalized through local market brand advantages and marketing networks. Harlell’s overseas collection continues to grow, benefiting from the dual power of local brands and overseas M&As. Figure 2: Distribution of Heir Jijit’s overseas operations in 2020 (billions of dollars)
1.1 The acquisition of high-quality assets abroad, the strategic layout of corporate globalization, is now year-round, with Heir's global market holding the highest position in the world and 16.5 per cent. By region, Heidel's city has consistently occupied the top 10 market segments, with Asia-Pacific markets ranking first, with 25.3 per cent in the north.
The markets of the United States and Eastern Europe are second only to the markets of Hydrapu, with a market share of 21.4 per cent and 7.4 per cent, respectively, as shown by the breakdown of products, which shows excellent performance of laundry equipment and refrigeration equipment markets under the Heir Group, with the share of refrigeration equipment produced in 2020 being raised to 34.2 per cent and 22.7 per cent in Asia-Pacific and North America, respectively; and kitchen appliances, respectively.
With the exception of the Latin American region, the city of Haile is in the top ten ranks.
The seven major brands under the Heir flag are the strongest foundation on which to build Heir’s leading position in the global market. In terms of branding and distribution networks, Heir has fully implemented the globalization strategy, reaching more than 160 countries and territories around the world through ownership and acquisition of brands, and currently owns Heir, Casati, Leader, Geppliances, Fisher & Paykel,
In the process of expanding to overseas markets, Hale has mainly adopted a two-line approach to the expansion of overseas markets, mainly along the lines of the “Heir+Inland Industry” branding. Heil launched an internationalization strategy in 1998, arguing that “to create internationalized brands is the first to be created.”
Two years later, Hal acquired a refrigerator plant belonging to the Italian company Menigati, becoming the first multinational M&A to be achieved by China's White Power Enterprise. From then on, Heir, like the international electric giant Helpool and Dakin, took the first step in opening the international market.
Among the most important examples of the global M&A expansion are the Japanese tri-ocean power plant aqua, the United States General Electric Gea, New Zealand Fisher & Paykel, and Italy Candy. In the year, Haile financed the purchase of three-ocean power units, washing machines and refrigerators in Japan, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, and Viet Nam.
In June 2016, Haile and Ge signed the agreement with the United States Department of Justice to re-enter the United States Department of Justice as a result of the rejection of Ileks' purchase application.
Completion of all hand-out documents and completion of the table during the year.3 fpa: In 2009, Hal was involved in a equity financing scheme in Fiji through New Zealand Investment Holdings Ltd., becoming 20 per cent equity shareholder in Fisherpeck, which was later increased by the Heir Group, which sent it to Fiji in 2012 through its fully funded subsidiary.
In 2017, in an effort to further expand the company ' s advantages in the field of intelligence manufacturing, Helton, a wholly-owned offshore subsidiary, purchased 100 per cent of Fepa ' s Fiji Production Equipment Co. Ltd. (4) Candy: in 2018, the company acquired 100 per cent of Candy ' s shares, and Candy ' s operations consisted mainly of washing machines, embedding, etc.
Heardo’s branding strategy is not only aimed at expanding the geographical coverage of companies’ business, but also at enriching product categories and branding, with clear branding, complete product coverage, and high setup coverage under the Heel flag.
The Commander-in-Chief covers the young population, with ice-washing, water-house electricity, kitchen power, television items; Haile covers the young white-fashion collars, ice-washing, water-house electricity, television, kitchen power, small household electricity and cleaning of household electricity; Candy and aqua aim at the urban elite, with products covering refrigerators, freezers, washing machines, kitchen mini-electrics and cleaning of household power, and is dedicated to overseas and port areas; and gea positioning
At the peak of the city, Fisherpike is a star, and Casati is making steady progress towards a noble luxury. Seven brands cover a wide range of consumers, with precise positioning and “division” — among them, Heir is the most comprehensive, covering ice-washing, house-to-house, kitchen-to-house, etc., and it's easier than any other sub-brand.
In 2019, the share of the company ' s overall smart head set rose from 22.05 per cent in 2018 to 27.48 per cent, and the synergies of 1.2 gradually became apparent, with the massive global M & As of Hale ' s head in the harvest period rapidly expanding the company ' s business size and market layout.
Large capital expenditures, which also create interest-bearing liabilities for companies, result in a high financial and financial cost rate of 0.57 per cent over the years, up from 1.72 pct, 1.50 pct. However, the advantages of global branding, after consolidation in recent years, are gradually being realized as compared to capital expenditure and subsequent interest costs incurred when branding is acquired.
Figure 5: Hale’s financial costs are significantly higher than those of his peers, integrating the group’s internal resources and developing in synergy with domestic and foreign markets. Hal’s efforts to build “research, manufacture, marketing” local market competitiveness through his own sustained cultivation and M & As, and to continuously optimize resource allocation through the Heir Ji family platform
In comparison with domestic operations, the level of overseas Māori in white power companies is generally relatively low. In domestic business, the Māori rate for Hair Ji's domestic business is slightly lower than the GW in America, but it is generally slowly rising.
At the level of overseas operations, the rate of Maori in the Heir Jib overseas market by 2015 was much lower than that in the United States, but since 2017, after the group ' s integration of overseas operations and the expansion of intra-group resource integration and synergy, the rate of Maori in the Heir Jib overseas market has steadily recovered, with the company ' s rate of 26.68 per cent overseas in 2019, which is 1.22 pct, 1.22 pct, 1.22 pct,
13.18 pt, the Māori rate in the Heir thinker ' s overseas market continued to rise in 2020, increasing by 1.33 pct to 28.01 per cent in comparison, further narrowing the gap with the level of Māori in the domestic market.
1) “10+n” Open Innovative Ecosystems, global technology R & D co-development a. The 10 largest R & D centres around the world, regional, brand exchange complementary, global integrated R & D layout, and Heir has established a user-centred "10+n" Open Innovative Ecosystem around the world,
“10” refers to the existing 10 major R & D centres, and “n” is the centre of innovation, where the users are, where the innovation is, where the R & D is, where the R & D in Haile is. The Heir's globalization strategy lays the foundation for its global integrated R & D layout, and of the 10 top R & D centres in the world, Japan and India (Misanto), New Zealand (Fishpeak), North America and Mexico (gea) are R & D.
Each R & D centre is an independent individual with its own technological advantages, and is able to collaborate and collaborate with one another on the Tohaer platform. In Japan, for example, the Asian R & D centre has the most advanced fresh laboratories and cooling laboratories in the world.
China's annual patent gold prize. Fishery Pike's original direct-drive technology solves the problem of the stability of the Hale washing machine and is used in Kasati's washing equipment, in conjunction with the Daft Round Balanced Technology, Synchronous Soft Technology, and the Smart Balance System, which has an amazing effect.
Figure 9: The Helgea Research and Development Center plays a complementary role in building up brands themselves. The company has established a global product development mechanism to coordinate global product collaborative development, which allows for regional cooperation and complementarity among product categories. In the case of the gea, the gea ' s traditional niche is the kitchen power.
In 2019, Heir’s global model project’s roller washing machine products were marketed in North America through gea, which, with Hal’s support, restarted the hot water business.
b. An iterative R & D model based on the Tothope platform, unlike the traditional demand-driven waterfall R & D model, the Hale R & D system adopts a subversive, iterative R & D model. The basic idea of the Hel R & D system is to bring global users at zero distance from innovative resources and achieve user experience.
In order to achieve iterative research and development, Hale has set up an open innovation platform to deliver transformation Hope (haieroperating partnershipcosystem), an ecological community for innovators and a resource network that provides one-stop service for product innovators.
Figure 11: Layout of the Hope Global Innovation Centre
The platform brings together universities, scientific institutions, large companies and groups to track, analyse, and research ahead-of-the-shelf technologies associated with industrial development, and to promote the industrialization of those technologies, and its coverage is not limited to home-based electricity industries. Since its inception in 2009, the Hope platform has supported the creation of Hale ' s product research and development teams and super-previous research and development teams.
There are a number of subversive products, such as msa-controlled oxygen freezers, water-cleaning washing machines, water-washing air-conditioning, Sky-conditioning, noco legend heaters, dry-burning gas stoves, etc. Hope now owns five major innovation centers in Shenzhen, Japan, Singapore, Silicon Valley, and Israel.
Innovative R & D systems are being implemented to further extend to the world. By rooting local innovation research and development into the needs and experiences of local users, it will also further expand the Platform ' s resource reach and maximize resource sharing and interaction. In 2020, the United States Corps further deepened research and development cooperation with colleagues in Singapore, Israel, etc., through the Hope Innovation Platform, with a view to deepening new leaf rotations for ac.
Design, temperature control in microwaves, data security of smart home systems, etc. A series of lessons were done. During the development of the new large roller washing machine, the global research and development platform was reduced by 55% of the time, and the number of participants was reduced. 2) Supply chain, production synergies maximized resource efficiency, and lending channels accelerated brand expansion.
Hale's global procurement is being driven by the corporate global commodity committee, which uses the corporate global procurement operating platform to enable companies to share global procurement resources among their operators in different regions to achieve economies of scale, with a cumulative implementation of 432 coordinated procurement projects in 2019, maximizing the efficiency of the raw materials supply chain.
While local factories and industrial parks, such as in North America, can effectively save on the transport costs of products through localization, the global distribution of capacity facilitates the integrated planning of production of specific products for Heir, with a view to achieving efficiency gains through the use of different regional resources and technological advantages.
The brands selected in the Heir Overseas Construction Project 2020, the European Candy Project, the United States Gea Project, the Hel India Project, the New Zealand fpa Project, the Haile Russia Project, the Hel Thailand Project, the Hale Global branding are well-known local brands and are well-known in the local market.
So, instead of having to re-establish channels after the acquisition, Hal could use the brand to promote his own brands. In the case of gea, high-end refrigerator washing machines, such as those produced in the country after the acquisition of gea, enter mainstream retail outlets in North America, such as homepot, jcpenny, etc.
High-end overseas markets are growing rapidly, drawing on the experience of domestic high-end brand marketing. Fisher & Paykel, café, monogram, among other brands that Haile acquired, has a lot of experience in high-end domestic branding, electricity suppliers, and so on. Heir’s promotion of Casati marketing has led to the rapid growth of high-end foreign brands.
More than 30 per cent longer; in the Australasia market, Hale has used the concepts of marketing health, microbicide, etc., to complement the introduction of products, focusing on high-end product upgrading and doubling income growth; and in the South-East Asian market, companies have similarly continued to capture the transformation of “middle-high-end products” and “middle-end retailing” to capture user demand.
3) The “one person, one” business culture combines to promote dynamic business, “one person, one person, one partner, and fully exploits the value of the workforce. As early as 2005, the concept of “one person, one” was introduced by Zhang Rimmin, which basically meant that employees should face users directly, create user values and create them for users.
The core idea of Hel’s “one person, one person, one person, one person” in the creation of a value, and the fact that the employee became an entrepreneur’s partner from the previous ex-executor, has risen to an unprecedented level of value. The core idea of Haile’s “one person, one person, one person,” is consistent with the ge’s own “product-to-user” approach to transformation, too.
The idea of "one person, one" provides a more open mind, and the platform is transformed into an open, fully resource-driven platform.
A win-win ecological model that meets the needs of the users on the platform. From a certain perspective, there is a similarity between firstbuild and Hale's Hope platform. Figure 13: Geafirstbuild platform mode of operation
Movingideasforward firstbuild was good at product innovation and user demand capture. In 2020, with the help of firstbuild, gea re-activated a 34-year-old small household power line, one of the best-selling single items of which was an palnuggetice.
It was hatched by firstbuld. "We have become America’s fastest-growing household power company, thanks to the rapid replication of the One Man model. Since 2016, Gea has created 18 small emblems through six platforms, at zero distance from client needs.
A new incentive model has been used, and multi-brand systems have been established. The success story of Gea is just a model for Hal to replicate the one-person model, which, in the future, has been used to break through barriers between different corporate cultures and to give new dynamic to global brands. Figure 14: Gea reboots small household electricity.
II. From Casati to the Three Wings Birds, the layoutr at the front end of the industry, 2.1 by the windhouse consumption structure upgrades, and Cassarty's rapid release can be expected in the future.
By 2019, according to data from the National Statistical Office, the average number of refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioners per 100 households in urban areas in our country reached 102.51, 99.20 and 148.28 per 100 households, respectively, and, with almost one household, the increase in the demand for large white electricity in urban areas will be gradually reduced. In addition to the demand for replacements, another key factor in the further growth of the industry will be the increase in the size of the industry.
The structure of the product has been upgraded. In recent years, there has been a marked structural upgrading under the White Power industry, where retail sales have grown at a much faster rate than retail sales, and the end-of-end electricity market has continued to expand. According to the data from Mid-Ekang (the data mainly reflect the market under the line), three major white-power washing machines and refrigerators have increased retail sales at a higher rate than under the line, indicating household electricity consumption under the line.
Continuous structural upgrading leading to the expansion of the high-end household electricity market. Figure 15: Change in refrigerator sales per year (%): Change in washing machine sales per year (%)
In September 2007, Heir organized a launch on the theme “Now, enter the future — Casat's future life” and officially launched a high-end brand, Casaté, which opened the way to the high-end domestic electricity market. At this stage, the domestic high-end electricity market is not as strong as the overall demand and is divided by foreign brands such as Siemens, Hyeop, Philip, etc.
Heir’s forward-looking strategic layout of China’s high-end domestic electricity market is also a major milestone in China’s high-end domestic electricity market. By 2019, Kassati’s refrigerator had grown 27%, and its share in the market had been 40%; Kassati’s clothing machine had increased by 14% and its share in the market was 75.5%; and the water heater industry as a whole had been depressed in 2019.
The rate of increase was -6.15 per cent, compared to the 30 per cent reverse growth in Casatt. For example, the market for high-end refrigerators, according to the Ovi cloud network, showed that in 2014, the market for high-end refrigerators was dominated by foreign home brands such as Siemens and Samsung, and that six years later it became a card with a steady market share.
Satyr, and foreign brands such as Siemens, Samsung, Bosti and others, show a marked decline. Why does Casat be a leader in high-end domestic electricity in just a few years?
Global R & D has a strong technological advantage. Horizontally, there are three white power companies, but there are many Hale R & D workers, but actual R & D inputs are not very high. This is either due to the creation of a corporate global R & D centre, and the technological advantages gained by absorbing foreign goods. For example, Hal's washing machine is centred on a Japanese R & D centre, and cookers and dishwashers are supplied by Fisher.
Pike is responsible for research and development, and the refrigerator is led by the U.S. Gea. In this way, global resources are integrated into the same platform to help drive research and development with user pain points, leading to high-end household electricity industry standards.
As early as 2016, Cassatian dot air conditioners introduced bnt warm balance technology for potential health problems for users due to air conditioners' direct winds, to bring around soft winds and maintain constant moisture level, and to clean up 99% of pm0.3 from liep light ion in closed space to ensure indoor air security.
Comfortable. In response to deficiencies in laundry and nursing functions that cannot be performed simultaneously, Kassati used the original synchronous softness technology to make the Casatian machine a “two-pack” -- not only solving the technical problems of running the two-barrel simultaneously, but also achieving a more silent and stable effect. For the most important storage function of refrigerator products, Casat used the msa to control the freshness.
"Human technology, home temperature, home art." In addition to improving the user's experience by addressing pain points, Cassarty is also committed to improving the consumer's sense of household electricity through product design.
It's not just cold appliances, it's also the expression of the taste of life and the expression of art, so Casat's product design concept is incorporated into many classical, modern elements. For example, Casatian air conditioning is designed to look like an ancient Roman columnist, and six freely embedded refrigerators are designed in 19-degree gold arcs based on Euro-style architecture.
Casati has 14 design centres around the world, a team of more than 300 designers, looking at every piece of design as an art creation, seeking to combine the artistic soul with fine crafts. As of February 2020, Casati had been awarded the "Oscar for Industrial Design" award eight times, and in 2020 alone, 13 products had won nine ifs prizes.
Also, Casati has won international prizes such as the Red Dot Award and the faa Annual Product Innovation Award, while Casati's design level has been highly recognized in the domestic market, with the commander series winning awe Aiplan's Design Gold Award and the Red Top Award for domestic design.
Figure 22: Casati combines household electricity with art. Table 8: Casati product design awards after 2018 Horizontal comparison of other high-end brands in the household electricity industry. Casati pursues a full-scale layout with a high set.
Ice-washing, air-conditioning, wine cabinets, water heaters, kitchen appliances, household appliances (meals, coffee machines, mixers, etc.), mother-and-child appliances, with four series of fashion styles, simple modern, simple-European, elegant. By contrast, the high-end colmo under the United States flag and the high-end products of Siemens have narrow coverage and low-forming problems.
It is difficult to open a super-high-end supply package, and Casati has a remarkable pre-emptive advantage.
The "5+7+n" high-end smart solution package was officially announced to the public and was the first high-end intelligence package in the intelligent-house industry, thus opening the age of Casati's "personalized intellectual custom" in the age of the Internet. "5" is the space in the family, including the smart kitchen, the smart bathroom, the wise living room, the wise room, the smart balcony, and so forth. "7" is housewashing, house-wide security,
There are seven home-wide solutions, such as home-based foods, house-wide entertainment.n This is an extension of “5” and “7” from singles to home appliances to intelligently connected eco-products, and Casati always provides customers with the cutting edge of the industry and the best experience of high-end intelligence appliances, trying to provide consumers with the best vehicle for a better life.
2.1.2 Precise targeting of target groups, three-dimensional marketing pioneers, precision targeting of high-end client groups, and “Sweet-Ass” creating an elite communication platform. As the country's top-end power leader, Casati takes the lead in applying community construction to client maintenance, creating “circle, experience, interaction” as an elite communication.
Platform-mlathoflivingart, which is based on the concept of “technology, sophistication, art” and living attitude, aims to bring together the most interested elite families. Not only does it show the target user community the latest Cassatine products and art aesthetics in life, but it also invites a large number of stars and elites to share their user experiences for consumption.
In 2016, Casati launched the Creative Life Hall and Creative Life.
The first experience in the industry, the creative shift of ideas to create a family scene with the Kassay Artists' Shop and the embedded integrated cooking and electricity products. The home-style experience has given consumers the most visual form of the way of life that they used to smoke.
The three-dimensional marketing model, which guides potential consumers to experience a new lifestyle and then interacts with each other, conveys Casatian's life attitude and life aesthetics in a “sale experience” way, and provides the basis for the construction of a immersion field with a much more stereotic product matrix that provides consumers with food, clothing and recreation.
Figure 25: The immersion experience of Casatian food and recreation is ecological and is steadily opening up top-down channels and giving users of creative life halls a sense of experience.
By 2018, the Kassa store had built more than 8,000, with 600 brands. Kassati was not confined to the second-line city because of his own high-end branding.
To improve access, the network of contacts at the county level and above has been expanded, reaching 80% market coverage at the district level and above by 2019.
2.1.3 The price band continues to widen upwards and expand the potential consumer market, and Casati, while maintaining a high-end brand image, also continues to add new products to widen the price range of brands to cover a wider range of pan-consumers. In the case of refrigerators, for example, the main price of Casati falls to between 1 and 20,000 yuan, with occasionally 2 to 40 million dollars in products.
In 2019, Kassati expanded the price of a small number of products down by introducing products such as two doors open and three doors open to less than $8,000: and significantly widened the product boundary by launching a four-litre French refrigerator of $100,000.659 litres. Colmo and Siemens produced refrigerators with a narrower price belt, with 10,000-dollar-dry product lines temporarily vacant.
With regard to the pricing of other household appliances, Cassarty is at the same price as the high-end brand line in the same industry, with the example of handheld vacuum cleaners, and two handheld wireless vacuum cleaners vc 1811/vc 1821 are priced at $3999/2999, which is essentially at the same price as Dyson v10/v8.
As a home brand that locates high-end markets, high prices for high-end product lines maintain the high-end image of the brand, but at the same time the high-end does not mean that ordinary consumers cannot afford it. Cassarty’s pricing strategy has some common ground with its channel layout thinking, which widens the audience for the brand, favours its continued use, and the downpouring of channels helps to identify potential user groups.
It's not just price, it's also the idea of a wise family life, and it's a high-end development route that Cassarty has always held. 2.2 From product to scene, the three-wing birds take off sometimes.
Heil's spirit has changed with the times, starting with the 1980s, when Heir's strategy went through the “brand strategic stage”, “during the strategy phase of diversification”, “Strategy phase of internationalization”, “Strategy phase of global branding” and “Strategic phase of networking”, 2019, “Products will be replaced, industries will be ecologically covered”, and Haile's eco-brand strategy.
The essence of this is to interact with users and to provide customers with the products and services they need to personalize themselves through tools such as block chains, object networking, etc. As an important feature of the eco-brand strategy, on 11 September 2020, a three-wing Hirsch brand was born. Figure 27: Products will be replaced by scenes and industries will be ecologically covered.
On March 22, 2021, for the first time, the three-wing bird officially met with the consumer at the Heir thinker's ecological convention. The three-wing bird, as the industry's first scene brand, opened a new track from the sale of products to the sale of scenes, offering a home-wide solution for intelligent families, such as balconys, kitchens, bathrooms, whole houses, air, audio and video.
The branding concept of three-wing birds is derived from the strange attractions of confusion theory, its external stability and appeal, and the constant change in the combination of its internal modules, consistent with Heir’s desire to continue to provide personalized solutions based on household needs, and Hal’s own strong brand attraction will also attract the future.
Three-wing birds can provide consumers with 100 balcony endings, 21 different kitchen scenes, 40 or more intelligent bedroom scenes, and 8 major 15 closets.
The type, while it can upgrade the smart kitchen three days and six steps, renovate the old kitchen into a new kitchen, or complete the upgrade of the traditional bathroom within one day. The rich choice and efficient rejuvenation ensure that the three-wing birds are better and faster than the needs of consumers to diversify.
Figure 28: Three-wing Birds Museum at awehare Figure 29: Three-wing Birds Smart Kitchen Figure 31: Three-wing Birds Wise living room
Figure 30: The three-wing bird wisdom balcony, as a scene brand, is behind the company’s long-standing layout of the intelligent home. For the first time, to raise the value of high-end household electricity, the company played the intelligent life platform with the intention of upgrading the Heir high-end production line, especially the long-standing core competition of Casati.
Power (the other central competitor of Cassarty is the sense of art design), thus ensuring that the company’s high-end products remain at the forefront of the market. u+ Smart life platforms, i.e., through cloud computing, big data, and third-party service resources, create intelligents that automatically use switches and all kinds of regulation. Smart refrigerators can also remember the time of storage of all foods, depending on the type of food.
In 2018, Hal built four centres for the experience of intelligent families, 423 all-house inheritor shops, 3,037 all-web ingenuity homes to attract the delivery of high-value, net-value customers, and an average of 250,000 yuan per household.
On the scene of the Heir Thinker Ecology Congress, the company released a new generation of brain uhomeos 3.0. This is the industry-wide operating system for intelligent family scene ecology, which is the core technological engine of intelligent families, reflecting the absolute advantage of Hale thinkers in the field of intelligent home aiot technology. The features of uhomeos 3.0 can be summarized as ubiquitous, natural sex.
Fluid, active, safe, reliable and continuous learning, which allows the system to be better connected, sensitive, intelligent decision-making and intelligent interaction. By the time the Congress was launched, the brain of the wise had served more than 180 million families, the monthly landscape had interacted with 240 million, the total number of interactions had exceeded 2.6 billion, and the number of users of the smart app was 15.6 million.
2.3 With more than electricity, the ecology will eventually cover the industry and lead the industry in coordination with home power development. From brand to scene, ecology is the path of sustainable development chosen by the Hale Group, which began its full-scale industrial layout very early.
Kaos, Sunsoon Logistics, Yin-kwan Life, Heinau Cloud, Sea Generation, Hearing Network, Hearing Network, Hearing Network, Seven Live brands, of which Kazuos Union Eco-Tech Ltd. is a Heir Thinker subsidiary, Japan-Sang-Soon Logistics is a Heir Thinker's Full-Incorporated Heil Electric subsidiary, while Yin-King Life, Heinagaun, Sea-Sink are all Heir Group hatched ecological brands.
2.3.1 Caos: a world-class industrial Internet platform led worldwide. Smart manufacturing platforms expand 2b operations. u+ smart manufacturing platforms (cosmoplat), i.e. Hale constructs industrial Internet platforms in a model that he has developed on an Internet factory; and combines existing smart equipment, smart controls, molds, intellectuals.
The platform provides a soft and hard-forward solution to the transformational upgrading of corporate intelligence. Through big data analysis, the platform can help cosmoplat get its first national industrial Internet demonstration platform, using as a model 15 company-based interconnected plants (end 2019), to provide smart manufacturing uniforms to regional enterprises in the direction of “house power-based, consumer-oriented, radiation-based manufacturing”
By 2018, cosmoplat earned more than $7 billion. Figure 36: cosmoplat model 2020, Hale's think-tank decided to cut off non-principal business in order to save non-principal capital.
At first, after the transfer of 54.50 per cent of the holdings of Helcauss Union Ecotech Ltd. to Heir Ecotech Ltd., the company held 10.74 per cent of the shares directly in Caos and 8.01 per cent indirectly in Caos through a holding subsidiary, holding a total of 18.75 per cent shares in Caos, which will no longer be included in the corporate consolidated statements as of 2020.
Although the Causs Ecology Consortium is no longer part of the Heir Thinker Consolidated Statement, its function as a world-class industrial platform for global leaders can continue to empower Hal Thinkers to provide better ways of integrating information technology with manufacturing technology, to evolve together and to achieve value-added sharing.
2.3.2 Sun-sun logistics: The landscape logistics eco-brand, which truly brings in the wisdom that, in recent years, in the context of the slowdown in the development of traditional power suppliers and the depletion of the dividends from online channels, it has become imperative for branders to promote the integration of channels and embrace new retailing. In the area of channel reform, Haile is at the forefront of the home power industry.
In 2016, however, the first channel reform was not sufficient, and the following issues remained: 1) Inadequate access to channel information is available only at the county level and does not allow access to marketing and marketing by rural and urban distributors.
2) Distributors take responsibility for their own warehousing logistics, resulting in inefficient distribution and operation. 3) Retrieval premiums are high: retailers tend to charge higher prices from distributors than Heir Guidelines, leading to competition for Heir products based on the legacy of the last round of channel reform, which Heir launched in 2018 a second round of channel reform aimed at improving overall process effectiveness
During this round of reforms, Haile began to move toward a single silo, with the bulk of the goods distributed under a unified order. The large logistics platform that he created himself in 1998 for Haile has now developed into a major unicorn in the field of logistics. In 2019, Japan followed the Hong Kong stock listing platform and began to seek independent development.
Figure 37: A picture of the layout of the enterprise's large logistics systems Short distribution + wide coverage, with channels well down to the low-line market, where the transformation of the pipeline has led Haile to change the fragmentation of the previous distribution of domestic electricity with a large number of hybrids and separate distributions from sales.
In late 2019, Hale had more than 8,000 specialized stores, over 27,000 retail terminals in his home town, and seven collection warehouses, 26 prepositions, and 33 start-up warehouses.
100 outstations, 13,415 township coverage points, etc., have effectively supported the sinking of the low-line market. In 2019, Hal's share of the total town area was equal to +11%, with immediate effects.
The share of intra-group transactions declined significantly after the initial roundup was largely for the group itself, and after holding hands on Ali Baba in 2013. Through distribution to the third-party power provider platform, the roundup gradually became an information gathering platform to build bridges between the public and the consumers of the various channels at the end so that the end demand could be fed back to the group in a timely manner.
Not only did day-to-day flights grow rapidly, but they also indirectly increased the Māori ratio of listed companies. Because of the high level of specialization in large logistics installation and distribution, human costs were always slightly higher than those of ordinary logistics firms, with inputs from fixed assets such as warehousing, transport vehicles, etc.
The Māori rate of listed companies is often lower. The Māori rate of listed platforms rose significantly after the day off in 2019. Figure 39: The share of intra-connected transactions declined significantly after holding Ali hands. Figure 40: The Māori rate of listed platforms after day off increases after day off
A powerful information platform has provided Hal with a tool to keep track of the channels, and on this basis, Hal injected the giants into the sun and sun and the sun, and, through the sun and the sun, bartered goods and tectonic cloud stores.
To date, barter platforms have covered all county dealers, most township dealers have ordered through barter platforms, and county dealers have been able to obtain data on sales at the village level, and have opened the way from retail terminal to factory production, thus enabling the consolidation of the warehouse and the company-to-channel distribution.
Increased ownership has led to a steady increase in operational efficiency.
Leads in the creation of web-based eco-brands such as clothing and clothing networks, and sets up user interactive platforms to guide custom-made product penetration. Heelnet is the first global initiative to provide users with “cleaning, protecting, storing, collating, buying” smart solutions throughout their life cycle, while food networking is based on smart refrigerators, cooking power as an entry point, based on individual dietary habits and health data, providing intellectual cooking, nutrition programming, etc.
At the same time, Heir creates platforms such as the "Screen" and "Hedda Source" through big data, allowing users, designers, and suppliers to interact in real time to achieve user-driven front-end manufacturing and modular customization. Hale selects suppliers through user-evaluation of voting to create the manufacturing industry's "Cartcat City."
For example, the rfid chip used in the clothing network can record clothing materials, production sites, washing concerns, etc. Hal’s smart washing machine will be able to automatically select the washing mode by identifying clothing information through chip.
Together with the three-wing bird wisdom balcony, it will provide the most intelligent and accurate washing and drying service for users, allowing consumers to have access to a real eco-intelligent home.
Heir, founded in 1989, is now 40 years old. As an early listed company, Hal has become a leading company in the domestic electricity industry through his own continuous farming and integration and acquisition in the industry. From the operational layout, the public department has covered three broad categories of white power, small kitchen power, water power, etc., and has a networked research and development team under the flag.
Companies have the power to become software and hardware service providers of smart family solutions. With the efficiency improvements brought about by the privatization of Hale appliances, the strong push of merger and purchase brands abroad, and the continued release of medium- and high-end brands, net corporate gains are evident in the medium and long-term time dimensions.
Recapitulating Heir’s growth in size over the last 10 years, it is easy to see that "no gain" is the greatest feature of Hale’s report, especially when compared to the other two white poles. In 2019, the company collected the same amount as a power appliance.
The net profit of the company was $12.334 billion, or only one-half of the value of the power appliances. In 2020, Hal was only half of the net profit when he collected more than the value of the power appliances. Unperforming performance was one of the central reasons for the company’s valuation discount.
But what about the stagnation of the net profits of the parent? We analyse its causes mainly at the equity and business levels. 3.1 Complex equity and business structures become corporate shackles, and governance efficiency needs to be enhanced.
Prior to the introduction of the equity-sharing reform, the company formed an internal senior management holding company, which was listed through the Heir investment indirectly in the port, for the purpose of real management incentives, h the stock listing platform was the focus of the company’s capital operation. In 1993, the Qingdao Hale was listed in the refrigerator industry as a share, but the change in the share-sharing had not yet taken place, so that management could not enjoy even the company’s shareholding.
After that, the company's market-based incentives were explored to the h-share platform, where it became an internal executive holding union in 1997 (which has now changed to a marine creator) and in 2000, where it invested 98.6% of its new shares in Heir, which in 2001 held the offshore shell-listed Shell Central building (later known as Hal, which was first introduced to the mobile phone industry only).
Hal International, as another incentive bridge, connects the listed companies to the management. The Hale Group, apart from its internal holdings, indirectly holds the port.
Outside the listed companies, the Qingdao Hale Laundry Company (renamed Hale International in 2001) acts as another bridge and plays an important role in connecting listed companies to management. In 1997, the Heil Group transferred 20% of Qingdao Hale’s shares to Heir International, and in 2001 directed a capital increase to the latter to re-transfer approximately 15% of Qingdao Haile’s shares in the form of equity injections.
Jean. According to the current equity structure, Heir International is held by the Qingdao Heil New Economics Consulting Company, which invests 100% of the shares. In addition to Haldjit and Hale Electric, Heir International still has the core assets of the Heil Group of 3.1.2 Lives, which are spread across different public platforms, and the problem of business lines of isolation and overlap is highlighted.
In addition to governance inefficiencies, complex equity structures have resulted in the fragmentation of core group assets across different listed platforms, leading to the isolation and overlap of business lines. (i) Supply chain ends: initial groups have established upstream raw materials and spare parts purchasing companies, and the acquisition of purchase chain lengths under the umbrella of the blanket purchase.
Low Māori rates and a large number of related transactions. After promoting autonomous purchases, the associated transactions were reduced, but the scale of the related transactions was higher than that of the upstream raw materials and spare parts purchasing company, established in Heir in 1998, and the forty-two industrial and trade companies that were in charge of product distribution downstream.
The purchase of spare parts will be controlled throughout the Hale Group through the spare parts purchasing company, where all plants will procure the spare parts from the spare parts purchasing enterprise, which will enjoy the difference in the purchase price (agent fees are 1.25 per cent of the actual purchase price). While the group ' s policy of bulk purchasing can reduce the cost through large-scale centralized purchases, the spare parts purchasing company will use it as a profit
High, and intra-group related transactions are also larger than those of the same kind. In addition, apart from group purchases, all ownership of the Heir trademark is vested in an internal holding union, which also results in unnecessary intra-group linked transactions.
The gradual expansion of autonomous procurement through the autonomous procurement channels `Qingdao Haidari Purchasing Services Ltd.' and `Qingdao Haidan Purchasing Services Company Ltd.' in 2006 greatly optimized unnecessary inter-group linkages, but as of 2019 Heil Jits and Group (currently Qingdao Hilda spare parts, Qingdhai International trade were procured for the Group)
International sub-supply networks for goods) procurement-related transactions still amount to 10.9 per cent, compared to 1.64 per cent and 1.27 per cent in the same period in the case of the United States-U.S. internal procurement-related transactions. (ii) Asset end: core asset focus (a) platform with the reformed division of shares, but operations such as washing machines, water heaters, etc. are still owned
The distribution of assets has actually led to a clearer positioning of the different listed platforms, which does not have a significant impact on the production and operation of enterprises, and the development of distribution channels under complex equity structures is of greater concern. Heil Jijit: after the 2006 stock-sharing reforms, after years of capital operations and equity transfers, air conditioning, refrigerator freezers, kitchens, etc.
Hale: In 2006, the Hale Group placed mobile phone operations on the Hong Kong stock listing platform and introduced washing machines and water heaters, thereby establishing the White Flagship status of the Hale appliance.
By the end of 2019, Hale's electrical appliances had three main functions: washing machines, water heaters (i.e., as core assets), washing machines, water heaters and water purification units, and distribution through domestic channels.
The two main listed platforms have been instrumental in creating a “waterhouse health platform” and a “smart family” position for the Heir thinker. Even without the privatization of Hale, asset-sharing will not have a particularly significant impact on business operations, and we need more attention than we do to the construction of the company’s sales channels.
Figure 53: Hale is a pre-privatization platform holding assets and related operations (up to 2019.9) (iii) at the end of channels: foreign channels, distribution of ka and separation of on-line channels do not affect business operations, and canal separation helps channels to capture the core needs of consumers in different segments; however, since all channels are not integrated in the same level
There are three major distribution agencies within the Hal Group: Chongqing Hale's sales manager Ka Channel; the offshore electrical industry's control over overseas distribution; and Japan Sun (formerly Heir's), 2019 q3 from Heil's appliances.
Under Haile’s business framework, however, manufacturing end assets are divided into two main listed platforms and distribution channels are divided into different platforms, without creating a single enterprise, resulting in a large number of intra-group sales-related transactions (for example).
When Hale's appliance needs to be sold overseas, it has to go through the overseas electrical industry of Hale's wise-man. Meanwhile, Japan's takeover of the third and fourth-tier city has also resulted in the reconnection of Ka channels with Chongqing's Hale household electricity, and a high risk of wasteful sales and sales capital. So, when we compare the cost of sales with the cost per salesman at the end of the statement.
After the end of the rotational CEO system, no clear cost rate was seen to be optimized at the end of the reporting period, further validation of the resource consumption caused by the division of channels. With the opening of the new and old management changes in 2013, Haile began to implement the Helming CEO, Zhou Yunjie.
Heil's head of the board, Leung Hae-san, is the core of the rotational CEO system. From the above financial reporting, or because of differences in governance concepts (Mr. Zhou Yunjie's emphasis on marketing and channel building, Mr. Liang Hae-san's emphasis on manufacturing technology research), Hal's sales rates have been high since the introduction of the rotation CEO system, even though in 2016 the group's chairman (Mr. Zhou Yun-Ji's name) was selected as a member of the board of directors.
This is due to the legacy of the rotating CEO system, but much more to the redundancy and depletion of resources from distribution channels that have not been integrated under the same platform. 3.2 peaches are not easy for a thousand years, and the efficiency of Helmet’s operation is about to rise.
On July 31, 2020, the company issued an announcement about plans for the privatization of Hale electrical appliances, and the more than ten-horse-long Heil management struggle finally dawned on a dusty dawn. Hale's wise man took the newly issued h shares as a price for privatization, swapping the HK$/unit for cash payments of HK$1.95/share cash payments.
A subsidiary (assuming that the eb transfercb program is in effect) is withdrawn from the market from the port, the Hale Ji family will be listed and traded on the main board of the port by way of an introduction, and the shareholders in the plan will also be the Heir Jih shareholders.
Hale's salesmen are far more numerous than the US and Grill, while salesmen create much less marketing value per person than the US, generating only $100 million per person in 2019, 70 million yuan per person per person per person per year, and 38 million yuan per person per person per year. With the privatization of Heil's electrical appliances, the problem of redundancy and inefficiency is significant.
The sales channel will be taken over by Hale Jiji, who will build a pool of sales outlets in the future, integrate and replace redundant staff, and the salaries of staff are expected to be reduced; at the same time, marketing resources will go straight to the end of the line, reducing the waste of intermediate resources, which will result in a significant improvement in sales costs. At the same time, the group’s managers will be expected to consolidate as a result, thereby reducing management costs.
When the procurement and distribution channels are harmonized, cash flows can be faster or faster. A more horizontal net operating cycle with the power can be found, with a net operating day of 14.40, leaving two other white companies, reflecting their good upstream and downstream bargaining power. And because of their strong cash control capacity, their net cash is much larger than those of the other two.
Look, Hale's accounts payable days follow the power of gravity, has a stronger bargaining power over upstream, while Hale's appliances are weak and may have an autonomous procurement platform with Hale's power, while Hale's electricity still needs to be used as a group, and he's either privatized or will enjoy Hale's own purchasing platform to enhance upstream bargaining power.
The swing days with Hale are superior to the power of gravity, reflecting its ability to negotiate more downstream, and once again validating the higher cost associated with the separation of channels described above, do not affect the normal operations of the company.
As cash flows accelerate, they can reduce financial costs and improve the capital structure. As a result of the upgrading of the brand matrix through the acquisition of overseas goods by the Hailen system, combined with higher cost rates, net cash for both Hale Jiji and Hale appliances is lower than that of two other white power companies (as shown in the figure above). and interest earned by two other white power companies through borrowing surplus assets on their books.
With borrowing costs covered, the financial costs of Hale Jiji and Hale appliances remain high. With the consolidation of Hale, cash flows are expected to accelerate, capital allocation can be optimized, and financial costs are expected to decrease.
Consistency of benefits has been enhanced, with internal consumption caused by redundant staff and cumbersome processes significantly reduced, and overall turnover or acceleration. In the long term, privatization is expected to be a turning point for improved corporate profit-end performance, and to catalyse forward-looking corporate deployments at the level of reporting and valuation.
We split the prices of corporate air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines, internal and external sales based on industry online data, based on Heir ' s sales performance in 2020 and recovery trends in the second half of the year, as well as Heir ' s performance in overseas markets:
1) With regard to air-conditioning operations, sales volume for 21-23 years was equal to +15.3/+5.0/+5.0%, and sales were increasing at the same rate. Hale’s profit end performance was far less than that of two other white power giants due to the complexity of the equity structure, disruption of business platforms and poor cost control, which also led to hesitation on the part of secondary market investors. Heir’s valuation levels have not benefited from it for a long time.
The positive transformations in the layout, mid-end, and intelligence of globalization have increased significantly, with only a brief advance in 2015 as a result of overseas white power injections into listed companies. Together with market value levels, Hale’s think-tank hovered long before 2020 at 130 billion, while company valuation levels rose rapidly after privatization, but remained below the industry average.
The cost of raw materials has risen dramatically, the overseas market has not opened up as much as expected, the demand for high-end markets has fallen short of expectations, the spread of integrated/scenario products, the spread of education has fallen short of expectations, large exchange rate fluctuations, recurrent overseas epidemics have led to insufficient export demand, etc. The two-degree master's degree in integration & management has worked in the tp-link hardware development department for commercial communications equipment development.
In July 2020, the CSRC joined the CSRC in its research component in the domestic electricity industry, which has not been relevant, has not been relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-resumed securities investment advisory business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.