The company's plans for restructuring, the company's plans to issue shares to purchase the shares held by the airline industry group.
The airline industry has a 100% stake in a total transaction of $17,442 million, and this restructuring programme does not involve the collection of matching funds. With 100% injection of assets from the industry, the super-market is expected to raise the company’s profitability significantly.
The entire fleet of aviation weapons and the Ministry's attachments to the Cheng Fei Group's main battalion are the only suppliers of the four-generation aircraft, power-type ding-tao-20 and three-generation aircraft, as well as the foreign-trade host, Hu Hao-yun.
The sole supplier of the dragons is in a preponderant position in the field of air force equipment manufacturers. ..the 100% shareholding of the Cheng Fei Group is valued at $24,427 billion, of which $6,585 million as State-owned exclusive capital stock is not included in the price range and this transaction is at the expense of State-owned exclusive capital.
The accumulated $17,442 million corresponds to 2,086 million shares. We believe that the reorganization party expected 100 per cent of the assets of the SWF to be injected into a listed company, but only 17,442 million shares were issued at the price, and the state-owned monopoly on the future of the capital stock or the option to convert it into shares.
• The static acquisition of pe and pb for this transaction, which are significantly lower than 18.1x and 2.2x of the Shen Fei Group's injection of Chinese seals, are valued at a reasonable level, and this reorganization does not involve the collection of matching funds, resulting in an increase of 0.23 dollars in company pers at the end of 2022
• The company has signed a performance commitment with the Aviation Industries Group, and if the deal is completed during the year, the combined revenue of the Flying Mothers and Fathers, Flying, Long Flying and Flying Aircraft promise for the years 2023-2025 will be short-term, medium- and long-term, or a performance growth point.
Under performance commitments, the chain of relatively deep 300 performance charts and the production process are maturing, and the profitability of this group is expected to increase further.
As of 31 January 2023, Cheng Fei Group had an asset liability of 92.15 per cent, mainly due to the company’s original business retention, with a greater focus on the airline industry. When this reorganization is completed, the aviation industry will become a fully-funded subsidiary for China’s air traffic surveying and distribution systems.
Businesses such as ETMs, motor vehicle detection equipment will continue to be retained, and new aviation weapons will be equipped with the entire unit and Ministry attachments to develop production operations, thus further focusing on the airline’s main industry. The deal has significantly broadened the business area of the company’s airline industry chain, and has made it possible to achieve a grand total from the edge to the core.
According to Worldairforce 2023, the number of our military aircraft in 2022 was 3,283, less than a quarter of the United States military aircraft, of which the number of fighter aircraft was only 47.9 per cent, and the proportion of four-generation aircraft in the United States.
As geopolitical patterns change dramatically, my demand for armaments will rise dramatically, with a long-term sense of urgency. In our view, the prospect of industrial development is promising, with the prospect of achieving the goal of a 100-year military build-up in 2027 and the modernization of the defence and army in 2035, when military aircraft were mounted at speeds during the Tenth and Fourth Five-Year Plan.
The company, as the core supplier of the country's new generation of fighter fighters, is well-established, the core competition is strong, and the “recommended” rating is maintained. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
There is no, present, or future direct or indirect connection to the specific recommendations or views of this report. The military industry is number one, and the New Wealth Corps is number four in 2015.