GPR (000651) Household appliances Over-expected collection performance, mixed up boost valuation, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
(a) Summary of performance: the company published its semi-annual report for 2019, which achieved an operating income of 98.34 billion yuan, an increase of 6.9 per cent over the reporting period; a net return to the mother of 13.35 billion yuan, an increase of 7.4 per cent over the same period; a net profit of 133.9 million yuan after deduction, an increase of 6 per cent over the same period. q2 won a revenue of 57.34 billion yuan in the first quarter, an increase of 10.3 per cent over the same period;
The business generated $420 million, an increase of 16.7 per cent over the same period, while the domestic air-conditioning market performed weakly, and the public sector grew inversely, maintaining its leading position. By region, the company achieved $69,460 million in internal sales, an increase of 6.9 per cent over the same period, and 13,87 million in external sales, an increase of 0.9 per cent over the same period, which benefited from the rapid growth of household appliances.
Intra-divisional sales are higher than external sales. • Returning costs affect profitability. 31% of the company ' s combined Māori rate increased by 1 pp per year over the reporting period, mainly as a result of lower costs of raw materials.
Not 36%, 28.2%, and 15.5%, an increase of 1.7 pp, 11.2 pp, and 3.8 pp., respectively.
In April, the company announced the holding shareholder's planning for the transfer of some major equity items. In August, the company disclosed the " Notice on the proposed transfer of part of the company's shares by agreement between the controlling shareholder and the public solicitation of the recipient.
This change will probably solve the long-standing problem of corporate corporate corporate incoherence with corporate management, and the company is expected to achieve more active and flexible equity incentives and significantly increase core management and technologists' stickyness.
The company's electrical appliances perform more than the market expects, and we're going up to q1 (000651); q1 is going down, q1 is going up and down, q651 is going up and down.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.