The company has a steady growth in business and a good quality of income from the main business.
In the first half of 2019, the company achieved a gross operating income of 98,341 million yuan, an increase of 11.8 per cent over the same period in the previous year, and an increase of 42.4 per cent in the ring.
Corporate air-conditioning operations are at the top of the market below the line. The company ' s heating and air-conditioning operations are extensive and include \triangleright household air-conditioning, commercial air-conditioning, refrigeration equipment, nuclear power air-conditioning, orbital traffic air-conditioning, light
In the first half of 19 years, GAC continued to run at a market rate of 15.23 per cent The highest/lowest (in yuan) in the year: The central air conditioning industry in the country, which has continued the central air-conditioning market in the Federation since 2012
In the field of orbital traffic, GLAC is based on core technology and excellence.
Quality, now covering up to 70 subway lines in 26 cities in Beijing, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Tianjin, Wuhan, etc., has become an important provider of air-conditioning equipment in the country's orbital transport sector. In the long run, given the fact that the domestic air-conditioning market still has a certain gap in per cent of household holdings, plus three-quarters.
Basic data: On 30 June 2019, the demand in the line area was phased in, and there was still a steady upward trend in the heating and air conditioning market in the company ' s main industry, with each share of the undistributed profits (in yuan):
Roe achieves $415 million in smart equipment, an increase of 16.7 per cent in the same year, and 15.5 per cent in the same year cfa
Receivables and inventory turnover declined to varying degrees, to 28th floor and 0.04 pct, ITC, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, respectively.
In Beijing, China, 28 Punrithy Street, Beijing, the company insists on self-innovation, with a higher share of R & D staff. The company currently has 14,000 research and development staff on the 7th floor of the Center.
As of 30 June 2019, the company had accumulated 53134 patents, of which 24905 were patents, highlighting its strong scientific innovation.
In 2018, among the top 10 domestic enterprises with patent authorizations for our inventions, the Greco appliance was ranked sixth in 1834, and for the third year in a row in 16-18, it entered the top ten years of the country, with a steady presence in the domestic electricity industry.
\triangleright \triangleright Market demand slowed, warm weather reduced and trade friction increased in Central America.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.