Semi-annual report and review of the mix-up points in 2019 for Greco Electrics (000651), 2-quarter pick-up faster than expected and smoother: I, mid-2019 (31 August): in the first half of 2019, the company collected the same period as in the previous year.
Wei Hongmei growth of 6.89 per cent; net repatriation profit growth of 7.37 per cent over the same period in the previous year, of which 10.38 per cent was higher in the second quarter in the single quarter and 11.82 per cent in the second quarter; and second, circular on the progress of the revision (3 September):
During the period of the public call-up, a total of two companies offered to be transferred to the Greco Group submitted their submitted applications. Camp 2019q2 received more than expected, and the main air-conditioning industry generated higher revenues than the average industry average. The company’s performance in q2 in 2019 was reversed, with higher than expected performance, according to the China Institute for the Development of Electronic Information Industries.
Zhang Xiaojun's National Electricity Market Report for the first half of 2019 shows the sale of room air conditioning units in 2019
This represents a decline of 5.5 per cent over the same period; industry online shows a decrease of 1.49 per cent over the same period in the first half of 2019, and Oviunnet data show a decrease of 1.4 per cent over the same period in domestic domestic domestic domestic domestic air conditioning retail sales; but company air-conditioning revenue increased by 4.62 per cent over the same period, with higher earnings than industry averages.
The diversification strategy continues with a rapid increase in income from household appliances. Companies continue to promote a variety of activities, represented by heating, air conditioning, appliances, high-end equipment, and communications equipment.
House appliances, healthy household appliances, environmental appliances, washing machines, refrigerators; smart equipment plate revenues increased by 16.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with the G. mastering the three key cores of robotic servers, controllers, speed-depressors, falling prices of raw materials, government subsidies, etc., being the main reason for the increase in corporate profitability.
The increase in the Māori rate was mainly due to lower prices of raw materials, such as the increase in the revenue of the main air-conditioning industry on a year-on-year basis, with recurrent gains and losses increasing by about $180 million on a year-on-year basis, including an increase in government subsidies of about $100 million on the same year, and a significant reduction in the loss of investment earnings from tradable financial assets and debt investments.
During the public call period (13 August 2019 to 2 September 2019), two conglomerate groups submitted their applications and paid their respective contractual bonds in full ($6.3 billion).
The partnership (limited partnership), as well as the consortium of the partnership (limited partnership) with the genesisfinacianinvestment company, moved forward as planned.
..Grey appliance controllers may change, expected investment proposals: maintain recommended ratings. Corporate industry leaders are strong, diversity is beginning to show, valuation increases — stock transfer events are being evaluated
The mix is progressing well and, although the company is under pressure for short-term growth due to factors such as industry stock and capacity, industry development ceilings are far from being met and corporate valuation levels are low, maintaining recommended ratings. Figure 1: Summary of corporate profitability projections
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report with diligence and professionalism, independently and objectively and within the limits of my knowledge.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have no use for them.