Company review reports Gree electrical collection over-expected growth, air conditioner operations continue to lead the way (000651.sz)
Biannual report by Gretchen Electric, operating revenue from Gretchen Electric in the first half of 2019: $97,297 million, an increase of 6.95 per cent over the same period; net profit from return to mother: $13.750 billion, same as Li Conghua
2. Our analysis and judgement (i) the higher-than-expected growth in revenue and the solid status of the air conditioning poles inform the preparation of the present report.
Corporate revenue grew steadily in the first half of 2019. Corporate revenue grew by 6.95 per cent in the first half of 2019. Of this, q2 collected $57.3 billion against a background of a lower overall climate in the air-conditioning sector.
In the first half of 2019, companies collected $79,325 million in air conditioners, representing 81.53% of total operating income. In June this year, seven departments, such as the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Industry and Information, and the Ministry of Finance, jointly launched the Action Plan for Green and Efficient Refrigeration.
The energy consumption standards for refrigeration products are more demanding, and industrial policies have become more stringent, with no further benefits expected for leading companies in the field of heating and air conditioning, and a further increase in the collection of some of the gravity air conditioners is expected.
63.60%. The smart equipment business is also growing rapidly, with $415 million in the first half of the year and a good increase in the same-year harvest. By region, in 2019, the sales in the company were $69,464 million, an increase.
6.89 per cent, or 71.39 per cent of total operating income; the total operating income of the company's external sales business is, according to the data, less change in the share of intra-company sales and sales, and we believe that as the company expands its overseas market, the operating income from external sales is expected to increase steadily.
In the first half of 2019, Māori sales by companies were 31,02 per cent, an increase of 0.99 ptt over the same period, and we believe that the increase in Māori sales by companies is mainly due to lower prices and empty raw materials.
In the first half of the year, corporate revenue from air conditioning increased by 4.62 pct on a year-on-year basis, far exceeding the increase in the cost of air conditioning operations, which increased by 36.02 per cent to 1.65 pct on a year-on-year basis.
The increase in the Māori ratio for both sales and external sales has been significant, and has driven the company to sell as a whole in the first half of the year less than the increase in Māori ratio. We believe that the main reason is the increase in the cost of sales as a result of the company’s increased sales policy during the reporting period.
For installation maintenance, sales return and promotional costs, the share of total sales costs exceeds $80.00 per cent. The financial costs are increased by 254.47 per cent from the same year when interest income and exchange gains increased.In terms of cash flows, net cash generated by corporate operations during the reporting period amounted to $16.456 billion, an increase of 84.09 per cent from the same period.
In April 2019, the Grigg Group informed the company that, in accordance with the relevant provisions of the State-owned Stock Control Scheme for publicly listed companies, it was to agree to transfer 15 per cent of the Grigori Group ' s total stock in electrical power by means of a public call for concessions.
The implementation of this public call for the transfer of shares of shareholders in a proposed agreement to transfer part of the company will lead to changes in the company’s controlling shareholders and actual controllers. Prior to that, due to the nature of the company’s ownership, which led to a lack of robust equity incentives, it was expected that the transformation would benefit the company’s governance structure further and that the equity incentives would be expected to improve.
The company is a leading company in the electricity industry, with a clear competitive advantage, a strong industry, a strong air-conditioning market, and a steady growth in revenue, despite weak performance in the heating and air-conditioning sector in the first half of 2019. Moreover, the company has always insisted on autonomous R & D, increased R & D investment, accelerated diversification, and is expected to develop more robustly in the future.