Alternative consumer consumer durables and apparel.
i. Over-expected harvests, increased Māori rates, increased sales inputs, improved cash flow, robust growth in air conditioning operations. By category, the company ' s air conditioning revenue for the first half of the year was 793.25.Vc. data. Domestic retail domestic air conditioning sales grew by 1.5% in the first half of 2019.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) Retail sales fell by 1.40%. Despite a weak climate in the air-conditioning industry this year, companies grew steadily with robust operating capacity and very strong size advantages.
Two hundred and sixty-one million dollars, or 63.6 per cent more than in the previous year, largely due to the contribution of the M&A of the crystal-crystal refrigerators. Smart equipment income of $415 million, or 16.57 per cent, increased the same year.
3.87%. Outsourcing, due to the export-related effects of the China-United States trade war in the second half of last year, has been largely absorbed by the early overdrafting of the branch, while benefiting from the devaluation of the renminbi, and future corporate sales revenue is expected to boost.
In the first half of the year, the company as a whole sold 31.02% of its gross interest rate, an increase of 0.99 ptt. The air-conditioning business was affected by the depreciation of raw materials, a rise of 1.65 pct to 36.02% in the same year; and the crystallization of household appliances, an increase of Māori.
q2 sales cost increased by 3.81 pct on a year-on-year basis, with significant improvement in financial services costs and a decrease of 0.8 pcc on a year-on-year basis due to significant increases in interest income and better exchange gains and losses.
Dealers are active and cash flows are rising considerably. The company's advance was 3,094 million at the end of the second quarter, an increase of 49.04 per cent over the previous quarter, and the company's distributors were more active.
It is hoped that this will open up a new situation. The public call period for 15 trading purposes will be closed soon, and the final plan will be settled soon. This is a milestone, while the terms of the transfer, as explicitly proposed by the Chuhai State Committee, are expected to bring about changes in the company’s modern business system.
A corporate governance structure, with more strategic synergies, would facilitate the globalization of corporate pluralism. New energy-efficiency-level standards are readily available, as the “old-for-new” new deal emerges.
The new government is expected to encourage investment in research and development of energy-efficient and smart products, and to help smart households and goods network technology to use large-scale commercial applications in the home-based electricity industry for energy-saving and intelligent products.
The effect of electrical appliances is very positive. The new energy efficiency grade standards are being introduced in conjunction with the implementation of the New Deal for Household Power, and it is expected that they will soon be introduced, that the power-fed air conditioning industry will be deployed early on in the performance of green energy-efficient products, that they will be heavily invested, and that they will be driven by policy by a combination of passive upgrading of products and demand-side consumption.
As a result, Gorgeous is expected to re-enlighten the corporate industry leadership and appeal, market ownership, taking into account the company's industry position, its chain voice and future growth logic, and I, the industry's downside, the cost of raw materials, the failure to transfer shares, etc.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report