Events: company annual report 2019, operating revenue of 90.737 billion yuan a year, 6.11 per cent more than the same period in the previous year; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 5,148 million yuan, an increase over the same period in the previous year
Wei Hongme's business income rose slightly throughout the year. According to the announcement, the company achieved business income of 90.737 billion yuan in 2019, an increase of 6.11 per cent over the year.
Research assistant: Xiaolong, business and consumer operations achieved operating income of $66,584 million, $9,155 million, respectively, and the increase was mainly due to a similar increase in operating income from Fdd and 5g systems equipment, both domestic and foreign.
In addition, as at 27 March 2020, non-recurrent corporate gains and losses amounted to $4,663 million, of which off-the-shelf income and disposal of non-current assets were received.
Corporate profitability has continued to increase. In 2019, the overall Māori sales rate increased by 4.26 percentage points, to 37.17 per cent, compared to the same period in the previous year, as a result of the increase in the company ' s network operating ratio and the Māori rate; in terms of net interest rates on sales, the company ' s net interest rate for the year was 6.37 per cent, and profitability continued to increase.
Rates of sales, management, R & D, and financial costs, respectively, have increased since last year, but on a quarterly basis, the rates have declined, and the capacity of companies to control costs, multiplied by 5g east winds, has led to new developments in companies. The year 2019 was the 5g construction year and the world's leading operator.
5g commercials have been opened, and 5g has become a global trend. According to gsa, as of January 2020, 356 operators from 121 countries/areas worldwide were planning, testing, deploying, or commercializing 5g operations.
Concern. In the area of the network of operators, the company acquired 46 5g commercial contracts worldwide, covering major 5g markets in China, Europe, Asia and the Pacific, and the Middle East, and worked with more than 70 operators worldwide in depth. In addition, the company will work with chip, algorithm, network architecture, etc.
Increased investment and end-to-end solutions to help operators quickly build a highly competitive 5g network. In government and business, companies focus on four major traditional markets: energy, transport, government, finance, etc., and contribute to the deep digital transformation of industries.
Locally, $11,459 million will be raised after distribution costs have been deducted, and the funds will be used for technological research and product development projects and to supplement liquidity for the evolution of the 5g network. Once the company has gradually emerged from the impact of US sanctions, the firm will be given a strong hand.
Investment recommendation: maintain a prudential recommended rating. The company is one of the world’s major 5g equipment producers, with an industry rating system “market index” reference of 300 indexes.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.