More than 10 billion fixed increases in dust and a full share of the 5g construction dividend.
The construction of 5g in 2020 continued at an accelerated pace, releasing huge industrial dividends. In 2019, the major operators opened 126,000 stations at 5g base stations.
According to a speech by the former Minister of Trade and Communications, Lieutenant-General Lee Yi, the construction of the 5g base station in the country has a total size of 6 million stations with a total investment of 1.2 to 1.5 trillion yuan. The 5g construction will release a huge industrial dividend and lead to a full-scale prosperity of the communications industry, with the most certainty for the major equipment suppliers in China.
The market share has risen steadily, and the rise of “China” has been overwhelming. In recent years, China’s communications has succeeded in acquiring several projects, including China’s mobile high-end routers/exchangers project, China’s 2019 nfv network equipment collection project, and China’s mobile sdh equipment expansion project, which is the bulk of the total.
The total equity/flow (million shares) is over 25%, with major market breakthroughs in such areas as high-end routers, backbone network otn, etc., where communications are gradually entering the highly technologically difficult high-end router market.
12 months of maximum/minimum ($) communications have acquired more than 35 5g commercial contracts globally, working with more than 60 operators worldwide 5g to cover major 5g markets in Europe, Asia and the Pacific, Middle East, etc. We believe that this is the case.
The company’s cash flow was further supplemented by a hard-core agent for 5g research and development. Prior to that, China’s communications started planning for this increase in February 2018, and was affected by the US sales ban, among other things.
Suspended, October 2019, China’s communications officially restarted this increase. The net amount of funds raised after deduction of the distribution fee is $11,459 million, which will be fully spent on 5g technology research and products development projects, including cellular mobile communication networks, core networks, transmission and insulation networks, and network consolidation.
Research and product development with big data and web-based smart technologies. This surge has been successful in providing a good basis for companies to seize the 5g development opportunity and expand their share of the global market, while at the same time significantly improving their cash flow and further optimizing their capital structure.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report