Communications in China (000063) Information technology hardware and equipment, full acceleration of the construction of the 5g tap, core pipeline ready for launch
Incidents: The China-China newsletter published its annual report 2019, which now generates 90.740 billion dollars in operating income, while the company announced that it intended to buy back no more than 1 per cent of a share, which would be used to motivate employees or convert debtable bonds.
The growth in performance was in line with expectations, and cash flows continued to improve.
180.8 per cent long, with four consecutive quarters of positive operating cash flows. After a buy-back bill, the company’s board of directors showed that the volume of buy-backs was within 1 per cent of the total share capital, and that the 5g letter for future development was fully accelerated, the three major operators were actively involved, and the city of Central Hing had a steady rise in ownership.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Construction peaked at 5g in the country and capital expenditure on the 5g plan by the three major operators plus the Chinese Towers has been made at the total market value/flow (million yuan)
In the near future, it will benefit explicitly from building 5g by taking a leading share in the list of operators. Communications in China is well on the international front in terms of 5grans, core networks, transmissions, etc., and global competitiveness.
Further upgrades, 46 5g contracts have been awarded, and overseas markets have expanded smoothly.
The same percentage increase of 1.08 percentage points. According to the 5g patent report published by iplytics, the popular news was ranked third in the world with the necessary patents on the 2561 setsi5g standard, and there was a significant increase compared to the 4g era, with the 5g patented in the central news with a reporting rate of 11.89%, 7.22% compared to 4g.
High, 4.67 percentage points.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.