Over $10 billion in non-public fund-raising, extra coding, and a five-g lead, research assistant Yao Kuo-hwa.
▪ Incident: On 16 January, the China-China newsletter issued a bulletin on determining the price of shares issued in undisclosed shares and the signing of a subscription agreement. The amount of stocks issued for the current period represents approximately $11,459 million in net funds after the company became official, and will be used mainly for the 5g network, in addition to replenishment of liquidity.
Evolved technology research and product development project.
With an increase of 9.77% over the period, raising funds will further boost the growth in communications research and development. ict is strong in combination, with the ability to provide excellent full-asset solutions: it is the world’s leading equipment dealer, in base stations, core networks, transmissions, carryings (routing/exchangers), access, etc.
The full range of servers, virtualization, mobile phones, etc. have the ability to produce end-to-end products and overall solutions, far more than competitors, and the central communications are now the second-volume production of 7nm chips and the import of 5nm in the country, with a cumulative total of more than 100 chips that have been developed and successfully produced.
• The 5g industry accelerated in the country to strengthen its 5g edge: we believe that after 2020 it is a intensive period for industry to release catalysts, with wide-band distribution of 4.9g, January ces, February Bars, February 5g tender, 3gpr16 standards, 5g mobile phone prices and continued to exceed expectations, etc.
We're going to speed up our 5g, with the Middle Episode as the leading major equipment provider, and it's going to be 5g. 1 and Middle Episode (000063), which is a well-reported and well-defined core subject, with fast and high value for money based on continuous innovation.
The product, the market capacity to reach the needs of its clients, will continue to be a leader. Performance meets expectations, R & D remains high, and three-quarter performance guidelines exceed expectations.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: as the second largest domestic provider of telecommunications equipment, fully benefits from the operator, 2, Middle Hing Communications (00000063).
New entrants’ threats: operators’ capital expenditures fall short of expectations. Growth is robust, the domestic market is vastly folded, 5g technology leads, 5g commercial sails rises.
2019-06-17 East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has an investment advisory board on securities