Communications (000063.sz)
Events: The company published its 19th annual report, and in 2019 it achieved a gross operating income of 90.736 billion yuan, an increase of 6.11 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of 5,148 million yuan, an increase of 173.7 per cent in the same year, a deduction of $484 million from the net return to the mother of 484 million yuan and an increase of 114.3 per cent in the same year, of which 2,6496 million yuan, a decrease of 0.94 per cent in the same year, were earned to the company.
This represents an increase of 34.97 per cent and a net gain of 225 million yuan, or 80.17 per cent over the same period. Performance is as expected, with higher non-recurring gains and losses leading to lower deductions. Non-recurring gains and losses for the company in 19 years amounted to $4,663 million, with the main contribution being $2.66 billion in proceeds from the termination of land tenure recognition at Shenzhen Bay base, and others.
If the base in Shenzhen Bay is excluded from the non-recurring profits, the company’s net profit in 19 years was approximately $2.460 billion, an increase of 135.22% over the same period. All areas of the operator’s business are growing, with a significant increase in the share of the business to the Māori ratio leading to an overall increase in the Māori ratio.
The business sector achieved a record high of $66,580 million, an increase of 16.7 per cent over the same year, and increased the competitiveness of the various product categories of the company ' s operator ' s business, with significant breakthroughs in both the domestic and foreign markets. By region, the growth in corporate income and the increase in the network ' s Māori ratio were the result of higher rates.
46 5g commercial contracts covering major 5g markets in China, Europe, Asia and the Pacific and the Middle East, with 5g depth cooperation with more than 70 global operators; the company ' s 7nm chip-scale production, which is already operational on a global 5g scale
With the country’s 5-nm chip entering large-scale construction in 2020, GDP domestic operators’ revenues are expected to increase at a higher rate, and Māori rates are expected to continue to improve. The 19-year balance in corporate governance has been under way, focusing on new opportunities for core product shifts and 5g networking.
With regard to services, companies focus on four traditional priority markets: energy, transport, government, finance, and so forth. Core products such as company self-researched services, video, digital, database, and operating systems are widely used. Distributed databases are on-line in the core business of large banks, and the application of self-research operating systems is expanding.
· Communications: Fundamentals are improving, focussing on 5g.
The strategic reduction of low Māori-rate consumer business is expected to continue in China and Europe. Consumer business realization is expected to continue, with $14,497 million, a 21.9 per cent decline over the same period. Sub-regionally, consumer business in China and the European region continues to slip, mainly as a result of a contraction of end channels, but low Māori overseas consumer business contraction has led to an increase in Māori.
Business’s focus strategy considers that companies’ low-māori consumers abroad are expected to continue their business. Investment proposals: have the capacity to have a complete 5-g end-to-end solution, less than expected in wireless, core networks, carrying, chips, business networks, less rapid push of 5g, and increased risk from competition in the market.