Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xi Xi Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xiang Xi Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xiang Xiang Xi Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xi Xi Xiang Xi Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xi Xi Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xiang Xiang Xi Xi Xi Xi Qi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Q Xi Xi Xi Xi Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q
Xu's machinery is one of the most ethnically organized companies in the world. The company's traditional advantages are that products such as cranes, loaders, etc. continue to lead the world.
While the expansion of the size in the short term has led to an increase in corporate exposure, the quality of corporate operations is expected to improve as firms continue to develop with a “high quality, risk management, world class, steady growth” approach. Firms are actively globalizing their strategies, with their share of offshore operations rising from 8.3% in 2020.
In the top 50 of the list of machine manufacturers, Xu is ranked fourth in the world. China's number one, the global market is the world's leading industrial analysis: engineering and machinery is a trillion-dollar market space, the industry is on the edge, and the domestic engineering and machinery industry, as it has largely completed import substitution, has a high rate of national production and will continue to be dominated by the future.
The current trend in observational cycles has not changed as domestic construction expenditure cycles fluctuate. The overseas markets have “large spaces, weak cycles, long-term upwards.”
According to the sub-region, the United States Infrastructure Investment and Employment Act has driven demand to a large extent; the European economy is still weak but is expected to recover slightly; China needs sustained growth supported by government policies to stimulate the real estate and construction industries; and the Asian economy continues to be weak.
Soft, focus on mining needs such as Indonesia; Latin America’s overall demand will decline mildly, mainly from Brazil and Argentina: the Middle East and Africa continue to experience strong demand for construction.
2025m1-6, sales of 1,205,000 domestic excavators, yoy+16.80%, and significant increases in sales Domestic markets: real estate development is still weak, capital investment completion is steadily increasing, largely offsetting the adverse effects of weak property, with a total of 1,225m1-5 property + capital investment completion amounting to 1,214 million
According to our calculations, in 2023, the low demand for excavators in 2023 was assumed to be eight years on average, and a new round of renewals has been launched, with a potential release of 2573,000 replacements in just one year in 2028 (about 2.5 times the total domestic demand for excavators in 2024).
The pressure has subsided, and the share of excavator exports is expected to continue to rise.2 Emerging markets are the driving force behind the steady growth of our exports of engineering and machinery products. According to data from the China Engineering and Mechanical Industry Association, in 2024 we exported 46.2% of our exports along the “one-way” route, and 2.8% higher than in 2023, mainly in terms of engineering and machinery exports.
With the benefit of a “one-way” engineering contract to drive domestic engineering machinery out of the sea, emerging countries are a steady engine of growth in the export of our engineering and machinery products. ● Heavy machinery: engineering cranes are expected to warm back, and construction cranes are still dependent on exports.
Car cranes: 9103 vehicles, or 8.94%, sold internally and externally. Car cranes, representing engineering cranes, are expected to benefit directly from a large internal and external contraction at a year-round level compared with 2024. As the demand for real estate continues to grow in emerging countries, towers are expected to grow.
Export or sustained growth, leading to further optimization of the internal and external distribution structure. Concrete machinery: global market space and competitive patterns are more stable, with performance largely following the beta-based global concrete machinery market with high concentration and stable pattern. Global concrete machinery market was empty in 2024.
At about $48 billion, at present, Pushmeister, Shifa, Schwijing (under the flag of Xu) and Liber Haile are on the first team worldwide, with stable branding patterns and performance mainly following beta fluctuations. From sales data, one concrete machine is expected to be bottom-lined in terms of internal sales.
The steady decline in real estate and the continued expansion of capital projects are two of the positive factors, with pumped-in sales increasing at the same time, and increased vehicle exports. The year-on-year rise was 83.3% in 2024, with major exports to Asia and the Middle East.
The global market for mining machinery, which is over $70 billion, is the second largest market after earth machinery. According to incomplete statistics, the world’s core millers of mine machinery, Pine and Caterpillar, are on the first steps in terms of volume of income, with 12.5 billion United States dollars in 2024, of which pine machines account for about 47 per cent of the total,
Carter, who accounts for about 20 per cent of the mining industry, is a necessity for the communityization of engineering and mechanics’ products. At the end of the demand side, there was a high level of innovation in the country’s mining industry in 12024, mainly benefiting from the mining industry’s accelerated growth in the completion of fixed-asset investments; and the global average of copper prices and representative mining mechanics.
The recovery rate is clearly positive, and the logic behind it is that copper supply and demand are supporting the upstream landscape of the mining industry. In 2024, copper prices rose by 7.68%, and a new round of increase is expected to support the growth of mining machinery enterprises;
Revenues from overseas have continued to grow, providing huge market opportunities for Chinese mine equipment manufacturers;4 after the city, which accounts for more than two thirds of the harvest structure of Kosumo and Ambutu, the market has proved to be an important part of the long-term stability of the mining industry.
Xu Engineering Miner is an important growth curve in the company’s efforts to nurture and develop. Thanks to the country’s entrepreneurial skills, Xu is working with the major industrial companies to deepen their cooperation, while also stepping up the fight against the traditional mining giants abroad and successfully entering the supply chain of both the necessary and the taps, such as the Quetta and the fresh water valley; and Xu's focus on the post-market business.
It is expected that performance will be enhanced by building a life-cycle service base for mine machinery. • Profit forecasting, valuation and rating. • Profit forecasting: taking Xu into account the overall upward climate in the engineering and machinery industry
The widening of the product spectrum, the growing power of the product base, the gradual entry of mining machinery into the pipeline of mining companies, the downside risks of the economy; the growth of corporate mining machinery operations less than expected1 and company profiles: growth driven by change based on traditional advantages1
1.1. Business composition: multi-structured and competitive, global leader of platform-type enterprises Xu is one of the most ethnically organized companies in the world for engineering and mechanical products. Since its inception, companies have been pursuing a strategy of diversification, full-product development, and have gradually built up land-covering machinery, cranes, concrete.
Complete product systems in the areas of machinery and mine machinery have become the most fully integrated platform in the global engineering and machinery industry.
Aircraft, high-altitude platforms remain the third largest in the world, and mining open-air excavator equipment reaches the fourth in the world. Diggers are the sixth and second in the world. Loaders are the number-one in the country. New energy loaders are the number-one in the world. Companies continue to consolidate their leadership in traditional areas such as cranes and loaders.
The layout of new and emerging plates, such as mine machinery, continuously improves overall competitiveness through product structural optimization and technological innovation. Figure 1: Xu's products cover a number of sections, such as excavators, cranes, concrete machines, mine machines, etc. 1 earthwork machine: 24.11 billion yuan in 2024, with 26.20 per cent of the revenue and 26.20 per cent of the Māori product.
In the field of earth machinery, corporate products cover micro, small, medium, large and mega excavators, tonnages, from 1.5 to 700 tons, and are able to meet the diverse operational needs of urban construction, infrastructure, mining, etc., as well as to continuously promote new energy and intelligent excavators layouts and increase product competitiveness and value addition.
In the area of cranes, cranes, mounted cranes, tower cranes, etc. Full spectrum systems covering a full range of products ranging from 8 to 2,000 tons, are widely applied in priority sectors such as infrastructure, energy, petrochemicals, wind and electricity, with large tons of products leading in technical skills and with super-armed, super-heavy and intellectual abilities
In the area of concrete machinery, the company has developed product systems such as concrete pumps, mixers, concrete blending stations, concrete sprayers, concrete fabricers and other key indicators, such as pumping heights and blending volumes, which are constantly increasing.
The deployment of new energy products continues to accelerate, with a wide range of suitable construction sites, such as urban construction, infrastructure, tunnels and water.4 Mining machinery: $6362 million in 2024, or 6.94 per cent. In the area of mining machinery, companies cover 70 to 700 tons of mine excavators, 60 to 400 tons of mine excavators, and are equipped with dump trucks.
Construction kits, such as sifting equipment, drilling rigs, mine cards, and the construction of large open-air mine package solutions covering the “drill, dig, transport, break” process, continuously enhancing the global impact of national mine machinery.5 Other plates: in other sections, the company is also active in high-altitude platforms, agricultural machinery, port machines.
In the areas of machinery, sanitation machinery, special equipment, high-altitude operating platforms have formed a series of products such as cross-cutting, curling arms and straight arms, with high-level coverage ranging from 6 m to 68 m, while agricultural machine products, including large- and medium-sized tractors, harvesting machinery, etc., have opened new growth curves.
Since its inception, Xu has been guided by the country's industrial policy, relying on autonomous innovation and extension and acquisition, the Chinese Iron Plant, which was founded in 1989 with the “three plants” as its core, and the Xu Workers Group, which was established in 1993.
Xu's machines are listed. Since 2009, it has been listed as a whole by absorbing the group's core assets, and the layout of the operation has been perfect. In 2020, a mixed ownership reform was launched, and in 2022, high-quality assets, such as excavators and mine machines, were listed as a whole, with concrete, concrete and mining machinery as their core, covering high-altitude platforms and agriculture.
In 2023, companies were ranked fourth in the global engineering and mechanical industry, and China's first, the globalization of the industrial chain was accelerating, governance systems, industrial systems and the internationalization system were rising in tandem with internal and external expansion, shaping Xu's path to high-quality development.
As a leader in the engineering and machinery industry, Xu's corporate governance system has continued to be optimized in recent years, resulting in exemplary changes in mixed ownership. In 2018, Xu's group was included in the 200-year pilot, initiating a limited mix of Xu's agents. By 2020, Xu's limited successful introduction included Jiangsu-kun, Tianjin-shin, etc.
In 2022, Xu was able to absorb only a limited number of Xu workers by issuing shares, combining high-quality assets such as machinery, mining machinery, concrete machinery, tower cranes and engineering machinery.
Now on the market, the governance structure has been further marketed, regulated, and the dynamic of the business has been significantly enhanced, signalling that Xu's machine has become the leader of an integrated engineering machine capable of full spectrum products. Xu's assets in 2021 amounted to 110.29 billion yuan before absorbing Xu's (limited) merger.
In 2024, the share of the Xu Engineering and Mechanics camp in Xu's general battalion was about 89.65 per cent (i.e. Xu's main camp was about 1.12 times the size of Xu's machinery).
As of June 2025, the owner of the company was the Xu Trade Group, which held 20.83 per cent of the shares, and the effective control was the Xuzhou City State Finance Committee, which adopted the decision.
The top ten shareholders of the company include a multi-partite group, such as the National Manufacturing Conversion Fund and the Jiangsu State Trust Group, with relatively high institutional investors, a diversified shareholder structure, and a sustained increase in the marketization of governance mechanisms.
The concept of operations and capital market constraints, and the steady increase in the level of modernization of governance systems and governance capabilities, provide solid support for the follow-up to the global positioning and expansion of new and emerging operations.
1.3 Financial analysis: Re-engineering of the governance system, operational effectiveness and financial soundness
In the current period of volatility, the recovery of the industry and the rise in the corporate market share in 2017-2018 resulted in a significant increase in revenues on a year-on-year basis, resulting in efficiency gains for the industry and the company itself, with profits running at a three-year high on a year-on-year basis. In 2022, net corporate profits fell by 23.29 per cent on a year-on-year basis, owing to the impact of the mix and the downside of the industry as a whole, but rapidly in 2023.
With a net return of $20.22 billion, yoy+26.37%, business resilience has been further proven. In offshore operations, corporate internationalization continues to accelerate, becoming an important engine for performance growth.
In recent years, companies have maintained good cost-infusion discipline and cost-control capabilities in the process of increasing sales costs by improving marketing management and promoting organizational flattening reforms. Overall, Xu has maintained good cost-infusion discipline and cost-control capabilities.
The technologically refined management capacity continues to improve, and the optimization of cost rates is expected to further support a steady increase in corporate profitability. Corporate sales costs are lower than comparable companies, and corporate management costs are lower than comparable companies.
In terms of the indicator of net cash flow/mother-to-child profit from operating activities, Xu's performance has fluctuated over the last two years, and five years of low operation indicate a slowdown in the turnover of accounts receivable and a steady increase in the repayment cycle. Taken together, Xu Xu's current efforts to pursue market occupancy and multi-good expansion, or to manage channel sales and periods on credit, have been somewhat relaxed.
This has resulted in longer repayment cycles and reduced efficiency in the conversion of cash flows, some attention being paid to the exposure to receivables and to the dynamics of asset impairment preparedness.
Xu's maintenance of a high market share in core products such as excavators, with a 20.4% sales share for the entire year 2024, or some reliance on stronger output inputs, more aggressive marketing strategies, and channel policies for longer account periods. This is reflected at the financial end in the company's risk exposure ratio over the past few years (= risk).
This means that Xu is also subject to higher leverage operating pressure in pursuit of income scale and product market penetration, and that profitability is vulnerable to downstream fluctuations and repayment cycles. The implementation of post-prior management measures such as monopolization, contract penetration management, enhanced asset mortgages, etc. enhances risk control.
It is expected that the risk exposure will continue to shrink as a result of the continued implementation of the “high quality, risk management, world class, steady growth” approach to development. Engineering machinery consists mainly of earth machinery, crane machinery, concrete machinery, mining machinery, surface machinery, and downstream applications in areas such as real estate construction, infrastructure construction, mining.
The machinery used for engineering and construction in urban and rural areas is also commonly referred to as construction machinery. There is a certain synergy between the products of engineering machines, which, according to the order of entry and construction of the conventional building and park construction projects, are, first, earth machinery (for ground-based construction); and secondly, cranes (for basic construction).
Construction equipment, such as tower cranes, high-altitude concrete pumps, will continue as buildings increase in height. Upon completion of the main building, support works will be carried out using road machinery and high-altitude operating equipment.
Figure 19: Xu Engineering provides a set of housing and park construction solutions. The global engineering and machinery market has a huge and growing space. There are some differences in the caliber of the different institutions.
A total of $23.76 billion, or yoy-2.39 per cent, was added to the business-related income of the Prospective Mechanical Enterprise, mainly due to the fall in demand in the Euro-American heavy market in the short term; according to the statista data and projections, in 2023 the global engineering and machinery market was over-represented by more than $1 billion, or 6 per cent of the cagr, and was more growth-oriented.
Global engineering and machinery firms are more competitive and market concentration is high. The top 50 rankings of global engineering and machinery manufacturers released by khl in 2025 show that the highest share of the global market is in Caterpillar (15.9%), followed by Matsunaga (11.2%), John Dheere (5.5%), the top three firms accounting for 32.6%,
The top 10 firms accounted for 61.1 per cent of the global market share, with 13 firms in China standing on the top 50 list, with a combined market share of 18.7 per cent, yoy+1.5pct, and a further increase in market share; among them, Xu was ranked fourth in the world at $12,769 million in sales earnings, with a market share of 5.4 per cent and the largest in China for many years.
Table 3: khl released the top 50 rankings of global engineering machinery in 2025 (excerpts from top 10 US$ billion) and the global foreign investment in engineering machinery is generally optimistic about the industry’s climate in 2025.
The US Infrastructure Investment and Employment Act has largely driven demand: the European economy is still weak, but there is hope for a small recovery: China’s demand continues to grow, supported by government policies to stimulate real estate and the construction industry:
The Asian economy continues to be weak, focusing on mining needs such as Indonesia: overall demand in Latin America will decline mildly, with growth points mainly coming from Brazil and Argentina: construction demand in the Middle East and Africa continues to be strong.3 Land-based machinery: domestic observation of infrastructure + renewed demand, overseas viewing of “one side”
3.1. Industry characteristics: earth machinery is at the top of the engineering machinery, the excavator is the most important sub-product, and earth machinery is the machinery for excavating, shoveling, pushing or levelling soil and sandstone, which is the highest share.
A category of engineering and machinery products, broken down to include excavators, loaders, bulldozers, etc. By market size, wgr data show that the global market for earth machinery was estimated at $119.03 billion in 2024, and is expected to increase to $178.150 billion in 2032 or 5.17% in 2025-2032, with a large growth space.
See, if compared to the khl-calibre global market for engineering machinery, the share of the global market for earth machinery in 2024 was about 50.1% of the process machinery market, the highest category of engineering machinery products. Diggers are one of the most important sub-products of the research market for engineering machinery.
According to the Chinese Association of Engineering and Mechanical Industries, the removal of industrial vehicles (forklifts) from the sale of excavators (including internal and external sales) accounted for about 35.6 per cent of the total market share of all engineering machinery products. At the same time, the excavator, as the first engineering and mechanical product to enter and work on a conventional construction project, is moving towards the industry as a whole.
More sensitive, often thought to be able to react earlier to the industry’s landscape. So, we used the excavator as the main catcher for studying the development patterns of earth machinery and the engineering and machinery industry as a whole.
3.2.1 The domestic market: stable real estate, robust infrastructure, and rapid renewal, with the prospect of a downward recovery in the volume of excavator sales, since 2024, shows signs of recovery. Domestic excavator sales (including a significant increase in volume) in 2024, with a downward upward trend, have, in our view, largely benefited from a resonance of demand in both domestic and foreign markets.
At the end of the sales, sales in the domestic excavator are expected to rise back. In 2024, sales in the domestic excavator reached 5.49 million, while sales in the excavator were strong, yoy+22.90 per cent.
Real estate development is still weak at the demand level. In 2024, China ' s urbanization rate reached 67%, while yoy showed a slow increase in the country ' s urbanization level and a weakening of the demand for urban real estate construction.
739 million square metres, yoy-23.00 per cent, and the state of real estate development is still weak, but the state of real estate development has been supported by policy support, with the national real estate development index of 2025m5 rising by 1.81 points on a year-on-year basis.
The Authority's meeting emphasized “stabilizing the city”; on 5 March, the State Council's report on its work in 2025 stated that it would “continue to push the real estate market to stop and stabilize”: on 16 March, the Central Communist Party and the State Council issued a special programme to boost consumption, emphasizing a steady decline in real estate, implementation of renovations in urban centres, villages and homes in danger, and allowing special bonds to support the city.
Municipal acquisition of stock houses for secure housing, etc.: Guidance of the Directorate-General of Financial Supervision of 8 April on the promotion of quality development of financial asset management companies and the improvement of regulatory effectiveness, refers to “support for the development of housing enterprises in need to mitigate risks and promote the smooth and healthy development of the real estate market”; and a second meeting of the Central Bureau of the Communist Party of China was held on 25 April.
With the support of a series of policies, the National Real Estate Development Index Report, 93.72 in May 2025, yoy+1.81 pct, has improved significantly. Investment in infrastructure has been completed at $852 trillion, yoy+10.42%, the size of which is real estate investment over the same period.
By the end of the month, a full list of this year's “double” (national strategic implementation and security capacity-building in priority areas) construction projects will have been issued; in terms of project construction, it is proposed to issue a super-long-term special State debt of 1.3 trillion yuan (equivalent to an increase of 300 billion yuan) in 2025 to support transport infrastructure along the Yangtze River, rural migration, high standards of farmland,
With strong policy support, the country’s infrastructure is expected to grow even more rapidly, and infrastructure will remain the main engine of growth in the demand for engineering and machinery. In addition to the incremental demand for real estate and infrastructure, excavators face a massive and sustained need for renewal.
According to our calculations, assuming an average replacement cycle of eight years (year t sales of excavators between t+6 and domestic sales of excavators hit the bottom up. At the same time, with the promotion of the “two new” (large-scale equipment upgrades and consumer replacements) policy in the context of the expansion of the State, the investment in the purchase of nuclear equipment in the state of 2025m1-5 has increased by 17.3 per cent.
The start-up data also show positive signs. The latest data from Matsunaga Network show that 2025m1-2 pine is dug in China.
The number of hours of machine start-up totals 122.8 hours, yoy + 13.4%, and the number of hours and speeds of increase have been the best since 2022. If the impact of the spring effect is excluded, the number of hours of work on the Chinese dredging machine at 2024m8-2025m2 has been maintained for seven months in a row, a positive increase (see red-marked data in table 5), reflecting, to some extent, a return to construction activity in downstream industries.
3.2.2 Overseas markets: Focusing on the pull of demand from emerging countries to dry our exports of engineering machinery Overseas is an important market for excavators, which accounted for 50.01% of the exports in 2024. Given the global political and economic situation, the volume of excavator exports declined slightly in 2024 and the monthly exports of excavators since 2024m8.
The export situation has improved with a positive increase for 11 consecutive months. Monthly exports of excavators have remained positive for 10 consecutive months since 2024m8. In terms of sub-regional market shares, the statista data show a share of the North American engineering and machinery market in 2023
At the same time, according to the Chinese Customs Administration, the highest proportion of excavator sites exported by China is in Africa, South-East Asia, the Russian-speaking region, and Western Europe. United States property construction spending has been on the rise to boost engineering requirements, but the main goal of Chinese excavators is in the US.
At the demand level: US construction spending in 2024 was at an all-time high, with US spending on $2.16 trillion in yoy and other policies that continue to encourage infrastructure development, the Fed’s probability of reducing interest rates further increases, US infrastructure and property are expected to warm up in tandem, and Caterpillar expects US spending on construction to remain healthy throughout 2025.
At the start-up level: 2025m5 pine North American area excavators start working hours at yoy-3.40%, and 2025m1-5 at the start: in 2024, China ' s export to the United States accounted for less than 5% of total exports, given the 29% share of the global engineering and machinery market in the United States, the side indicates that Chinese excavators are less well-represented in the United States market, and that Chinese excavators are less well-placed.
Europe’s economy has yet to recover, and the start-up data are relatively stable. According to the visions of Caterpillar and Volvo in a quarterly newspaper in 2025, Europe’s economy remained weak in 2025, compared to China’s 2025m1-4-European engineering machine.
According to the start-up data, countries and regions along the “one-way” route of European excavators, as well as emerging markets such as the BRICS countries, are a steady engine of growth in our exports of engineering and machinery products. The data from the China Engineering and Mechanical Industry Association show that our total exports of engineering and machinery in 2024 were made up of more than 50% of the total exports.
US$ 55,450 million, of which US$ 25,596 million, or 46.2 per cent, were exported to countries and territories along the “one-way” route, while youy+11.8 per cent, or 46.2 per cent, were up by 2.8 per cent from 2023; and under the data portal of the China Chamber of Imports and Exports of Machines and Electrical Products, our engineering machinery and spare parts accounted for more exports to countries and territories along the “one-way” route in 2024.
The share of engineering machinery exported to countries and regions along the “one-way” route has continued to rise, mainly as a result of the “one-way” engineering contract, which has led to the full-scale movement of domestic engineering machinery out of the sea. The “one-way” countries and territories, the BRICS countries, and the East, where the export value of the Euro-American heavy-weight market has been flat.
New countries like the League, Africa, and Latin America are the engines of steady growth in our exports of engineering and machinery products, as well as valuable opportunities for reverse growth in domestic engineering and machinery manufacturing firms. Country-specific data also attest to the pull of demand from emerging countries toward the acceleration of our exports of engineering and machinery.
Countries with higher export shares in 2024 include Russia, the United States, Indonesia, Brazil, India and Saudi Arabia, with the top 10 countries except the United States, Japan, Australia and Belgium for the four, the remaining six being emerging economies: 2025m1-2, with the exception of Russia ' s low demand, emerging countries in the top 10 countries have gained access.
Emerging countries, characterized by large markets and rapid growth, contribute to the export of engineering and machinery in our country. Emerging countries are starting late, urbanizing at a lower rate, and have vast development space. We have chosen India (South-East Asia), India (South Asia), Brazil (South America), Saudi Arabia (the Middle East), South Africa (Africa) as new.
Country representatives. Compared to China’s level of urbanization, low levels of urbanization in Indonesia and India are still expected to increase in the future; South Africa, as an early African country, has a similar level of urbanization to that of China, and growth potential comes mainly from mining rather than urbanization: Brazil is over-urbanized as a result of an earlier influx of large numbers of people to cities (also).
The situation in the country is slightly different from that in other countries, but a certain trend of growth can also be seen. Indonesia, a typical resource-rich country, has strong demand for mining + urbanization.
The cumulative export of engineering machinery in our country is $18.9 billion, yoy + 9.2%; the total export of engineering machinery to Indonesia is $90.0 billion, yoy + 30.7%, which has become the third largest market for the export of engineering machinery in our country, after Russia and the United States. At the resource level, Indonesia’s nickel reserves are the largest in the world, accounting for 17% of the world’s nickel reserves, bauxite and copper.
The mineral reserves are among the highest in the world, with 1.1 million tons of copper in 2024, an increase of 117.82 per cent over 2020;
Construction of urban and transport infrastructure, coupled with the construction of the new capital, has led to strong construction spending. Indonesia’s Ministry of Finance is very high every year. In 2024, Indonesia’s infrastructure development index was split into 134, ranked second in the “one-way” nation, maintaining its leading position. At the start-up level: 2024m1-2025m5 hours per month.
A total of 197.2 hours, 4.35 times higher than in Japan, 3.09 times higher in North America and 2.86 times higher in Europe, with a higher rate of start-up of excavators.
According to Interactanalysis, in 2024, India imported over 1,100 loaders (akin to excavators, earth machines).
The size of India’s loader imports has increased in the course of the year, to some extent indicating India’s related construction needs or accelerating its release. Brazil: The main country driving South America’s economic growth, China-Pakistan cooperation, has increased its scope.
Tepel thinks that the South American economy will decline slightly in 2025, but Volvo and Parfigue highly value Brazil’s pull to the South American economy. Brazil is the largest economy in the Latin American region, with a strong demographic dividend and a greater potential for infrastructure development.
The new Brazilian government has been stable for more than a year now. The government attaches great importance to Brazil’s “re-industrialization” and launched a new version of the “Novopac” in 2024 to promote infrastructure development and a further improvement in the industry environment.
President Jinping undertook a State visit to Brazil, co-signed with President Lula of Brazil in Brasilia and published the " Midlife of the People ' s Republic of China and the Federative Republic of Brazil on working together to build a more just world and a more sustainable planet "