The silver company has guaranteed the second phase of petrochemicals in anticipation of further petrochemicals in China on 28st of 2021.
The project consortium of 10 banks, such as the China Bank of Chuanshan branch, signed a loan contract for the construction of Phase II of the Project for Integration, and Zhenization as a borrower. The consortium agreed to provide borrowers with medium- and long-term loans equivalent to RMB 52.7 billion or the equivalent in foreign currency.
▪ The integrated industrial chain layout of crude one aromatic hydrocarbons (px), aromatic hydrocarbons-pta, meg-polycerine-swipe-cracking” is well developed and has significant advantages: the company's spinal textile business started and gradually expanded to upstream pta, px, refined oils, forming the business layout of today's refining-chemical whole-industry chain.
Of the new refining projects, the first phase of the 20 million tonnes/year refining integration project was fully operational in 2019, and the second phase of the 20 million tonnes/year refining integration project was launched in November 2020 as a pilot production.
The contract for the current medium- and long-term loan line will help to make progress on the second phase of the petrochemical project and increase certainty about the company’s future development.
After a four-quarter global economic recovery at a price of $6,477, 7019 and 7890 tons for 20q3, 20q4 and 21q1, respectively, the combination of the epidemic has led to global demand and supply mismatches and a clear trend towards a silk price recovery.
There is a large profit-enhancing space for gold petrochemicals. There is a large amount of small fractions suitable for ethylene-based by-products, possibly in the direction of continuing to expand the size of the device, while fully converting the by-products of ethylenes. Moreover, there is a potential for material interaction.
On the surface, there are no barriers to carcinogenization, but the large-scale refining of dual-base connections is rare within the industry, with profitability or far greater than market expectations.
For the first time, profit potential was covered with a “buy-in” rating.