During the second quarter of the year, the company achieved business income of 53.894 billion yuan, an increase of 6.49 per cent in the ring ratio; copper production stabilized and copper prices increased its performance. During the reporting period, the company produced 10.18 million tons of copper in mines, a decrease of 2.76 per cent; cathode copper production, 72.39 million tons.
The same-year increase of 12.26 per cent; the production of 47.29 million tons of copper poles, an increase of 2.32 per cent over the same-year increase. The first half of the year saw the closure of some smelters and mines due to environmental protection, while large-scale mines abroad continued to strike, spurring a short-term rise in copper prices, ime as of 30 June 2018.
Copper collected at a price of $6,619 per ton, an increase of approximately 11.08 per cent over the same period.
The losses by impairment amount to 819 million yuan, an increase of 251 million yuan from the previous year, an increase in the country's copper industry, with a strong edge on the integrated industrial chain. The company owns the largest Devin copper mine and several copper-producing mines, with 1,441 million tons of copper and metal reserves, about all of them.
The country has identified one third of the reserves available for industrial mining, the largest copper smelter in a single-ball smelter, and the largest copper-processing producer in the country. The company is the largest integrated copper company in the country, with an integrated industrial chain operating well.
The supply of copper has declined, and copper prices are still on the rise. Global trade has opened and continued to escalate, and uncertainty about economic growth has triggered market pessimism and led to higher copper prices.
But there is a relatively limited number of new copper deposits worldwide, and the supply of copper is rising at a lower rate, while the high rate of growth in the new energy automobile industry will boost copper consumption, followed by a steady increase in copper prices during the macro-plane period.
However, in the copper boom, there is sufficient elasticity in performance, and in the context of the rise in copper prices, the company's operational performance will be more flexible, maintaining a “prudentially recommended” investment rating.
The company will not be considered a customer for receiving this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and views expressed in the report do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
An independent assessment shall be made, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc.