Chinese taupe (601601.sh/2601.hk)
Three-quarterly reviews: rapid growth in life insurance and significant improvement in the investment end Performance shows that companies achieved investment returns of $38.7 billion in the first three quarters of 2017 and 14.12 per cent in yoy. Overall performance alone is in line with our expectations: 25.9 billion in the first three quarters of 2017, yoy
Growth of 21,42 per cent, net gain of $10.9 billion, increase of 23.75 per cent for yoy, corresponding to a net gain of 30, 64.38 per cent, too-life insurance: premium income sustained faster and larger risk patterns further consolidated: $15.5 billion in premiums and 32.1 per cent for yoy in the first three quarters of the year, with high new operating prices
In the first three quarters of the pipeline, a new insurance income of 46.8 billion yuan was achieved, an increase of 38.1% over the previous period, and a higher risk profile of 96.78% over the previous three seasons, a rapid increase of 38.8% over the current one.
Superinsurance: the overall growth rate is lower than that of the industry, and the rate of non-car insurance increases rapidly: 78.4 billion yuan, or 9.4 per cent, was realized in the third quarter of 2017.
Revenue from non-car insurance operations increased by 19.1 billion yuan, or 16.8 per cent, and monthly production insurance data show a monthly increase in the accumulated premium premium for company production insurance, although it remains weak in the industry (13.36 per cent industry), and since the change in commercial car fare, the production market has become more competitive.
Production risk is yet to be further observed. Investment returns have increased by more than 20% over the same year, and equity-type investments have increased: in terms of investment assets, China's insurance – the upper certificate index
The TPS maintains a generally stable asset allocation for a large group of assets, with fixed-income assets accounting for 81.3 per cent, or the higher percentage point, of which equities and equity funds together account for 7.2 per cent, whichever is 1.9 expected compensations (expected return; er) higher than at the end of the previous year, as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.