Taibo, China (601601: 3-quarterly review of 2017, performance cut-off points established, value transition to harvest period
Incidents: 3-quarter reports issued by the company in 2017, with net profit attributable to the parent company ' s shareholders achieved in the first 3 quarters of $10.93 billion, an increase of 23.8 per cent over the same period, corresponding to eps of $1.21 per share; attributed to the parent company ' s shares, Ma Xiangyun
Life insurance maintains a high per capita growth + payout ratio, and value transitions into harvest: in recent years, the company ' s life insurance business has been returning to its source of security and has made a strong effort to develop high-value, sustainable growth capabilities.
In the first three quarters, the company agent channel’s new policy premium was $4.679 billion, a 38.8% increase compared to the previous three quarters, maintaining a higher rate of increase, with 95.9% of the mid-term contribution, and an excellent business structure.
In the first three quarters of the Department's agent channel, the rate of increase in the new policy premium has slowed, and we've judged it likely to be influenced by the SPMC No. 134, whereby companies have voluntarily adjusted the product type to cause a drop in the rate of growth in the first quarter. At present, consideration is being given to the company's introduction of the new regulatory regulation's 2018 open-door red product - the Dobblepot annual benefit insurance.
Looking back at the first half of the year, companies grew by up to 59 per cent, new business values by 40.6 per cent, leading the industry and reaching an all-time high, and we judge that the company’s life insurance is in a value-conversion harvest period, looking forward to further value growth in the future.
The increase in insurance premiums for maternity insurance is expected to accelerate the pace of scale expansion with enhanced quality control: in the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved insurance premiums of $78,372 million, representing an increase of 9.4 per cent over the previous quarter, of which insurance premiums for car insurance received $59,307 million, and non-motorized vehicle insurance revenues of $19.7 billion, representing an increase of 16.8 per cent, respectively.
In recent years, corporate production insurance has been under greater pressure, with significant improvements in the quality of the first half of the year, with the combined cost rate being further optimized to 98.7%, down by 0.7 pct., as a result of slowing the expansion of operations and continuing to strengthen quality control.
The combined cost rate decreased by 6.3 pc. to 99.3 per cent over the same period, the first time in the last three years to cover profits, and the expected improvement in production insurance. At present, considering the increase in revenues from insurance premiums for companies, we expect to increase further.
Companies will steadily increase the pace of business expansion on the basis of continued adherence to quality priorities. But, with the re-imposition of vehicle insurance, competition in the industry is expected to increase, and the development of new and emerging business such as the quality control of the Department’s operations, the share of core-channel operations and agricultural risk will continue to require sustained attention in the future.
Investment-driven performance traps, with reserve replenishment affecting high performance expectations after liquidation: in the first three quarters, the company achieved a net return profit of 10.93 billion yuan, an increase of 23.8 per cent over the previous three quarters, with performance increasing at a significantly higher rate than 6 per cent in the first half of the year, establishing performance cut-off points. We judge that high performance gains benefit mainly from premiums.
Rapid business growth and a significant rebound in the investment end, with investment returns of $37.41 billion achieved in the first three quarters, high innovation with -nbv, value transformation Profit forecasts and investment ratings: significant increases in corporate performance establish a turning point, taking into account the first half of the year
The Nbv growth rate and the new business value rate are at an all-time high, and the life insurance value transition is in the harvest period.
China Pacific: Year 2016: Review of the Report - Strengthened, with a view to future long-term development prospects and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
According to the new code of all-embracing risks, which drives increased competition in the silver insurance channel, and since 2015, the calculation calculus has been adjusted to allow the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board to approve the issuance of a securities investment advisory committee.