In the last three quarters, the company collected $43.02 billion.
Due to the poor performance of Hainan Market, the q3 battalion has seen an increase in the harvest. Company q3 has achieved a revenue of 11,760 million yuan per year - 22 per cent, an increase of q1-q2 less than we expected.
According to Seagate customs data, duty-free sales from Hainan Island fell by 36% and 31% in July-August, mainly due to a 21% and 45% drop in shopping. Moreover, due to weak in-kind consumption, we expect q3 sales from other channels (airports, ports, customs finals) to be equal.
Māori rates and net interest rates are subject to changes in business leverage and channel structure. The company ' s previous three quarters Māori ratio of 32.57 per cent/same ratio +1.0 pct, but the demand-side is weak, the q3 Māori rate recorded 32.0 per cent/impact, and the net interest rate is clearly held back, offsetting the positive impact of airport rent agreement adjustments over the period.
The cost rate is 20.8%/same +0.9pt, with sales/management rates equal to +0.6 pct/+0.4 pct.
On August 28, the Ministry of Finance and five other departments issued a circular on improving the tax-free shop policy in the city, allowing companies and companies to hold shares, shareholdings, and Chinese-style 18 tax-free shops to buy duty-free purchases before they leave the country.
Companies have continued to promote supply chain optimization and the expansion of overseas markets, with 165 brands introduced in the last three quarters, with more than 40% of their Chinese brands. Meanwhile, the company has been expanding its new marketing channels, and is now working with Zhou Dafu to open a jewellery tax-free counter in Tokyo and to run a mcm conglomerates shop in cooperation with the mcm group.
Investment proposals: Considering the continuing pressure on duty-free sales from Hainan Island on the occasion of the National Day, and the fact that the National Department of Medium and High-Level Consumption remains the leader of the domestic tax-free industry, with well-directed channels and clear competitive advantages, maintaining a “recommended” rating. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
This report is made available to its customers by the China Galaxy Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities need not be considered a customer by the recipient as a result of the receipt of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.