The net profit for the third quarter has fallen the same year, and looks forward to the future tax-free additions in the city. Social services, tourism and landscapes, the net return profit for the third quarter has fallen by 52% the same year, in line with previous performances.
But the overall business burden is not as predictable as our first performance. zhanglu5@guosen.com.cnyangyuying@guosen.com.cn Hainan continues to be under pressure, increasing tax-free revenue from airports and airports, but with limited profit contributions.
1. Sea-south duty-free duty-frees continued to be imposed this year due to weak consumer demand. In the first three quarters of 2024, the off-island duty-free sales fell by the same 31 per cent (15 per cent/to 19 per cent each), of which the q3 sales fell by the same 36 per cent (toe-to-toe 27 per cent/ to 12 per cent each).
The q3 drop was over 30%. At the same time, the company ' s q3 performance was directly delayed by the increase in sales and the cost of new projects, such as the Bay Bay C building, which cost 52 weeks ' maximum/minimum net profit reduction relative to its earnings.
Taxes are gradually recovering. In the last three quarters, companies have seen a significant increase in the sale of duty-free shops in and out of the country, including Beijing, where tax-free doors at airports increased by 140% + and tax-free doors at Shanghai, by nearly 60%. We anticipate a positive comparison of profits at the q3 airport (cf. the gains and losses of a small number of shareholders are 2023q3vs 2024q3 respectively).
Active brand enrichment, promotion, etc., has led to a decline in the disturbing q3 Māori ratio. Companies have continuously adapted and enriched their brands, introducing 165 brands of various commodities in the last three quarters, and their number of Chinese brands exceeds that of Chinese brands.
But companies are also continuing to “China Free” (60188.sh) – the first half of the year, with the tax-exempt pressure on China, looking forward to the future of the city.
At the end of the month, a new deal was launched for duty-free shops in the cities of China. Six duty-free shops and 49% of their proposed shares in China are expected to be converted as the first ones to target expatriates.
China ' s performance for 2023 was consistent with that of the Express, with a marked rate of dividends, covering 15 central cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, and the future of Guangzhou, Shenzhen, China ' s Free China (601888.sh) - China ' s tax-free opening for China and China ' s enhanced performance.
Chengdu expects to open a new city-wide tax-free shop in eight cities, depending also on the advantages of his national tax-free license plate and the acceleration of the creation of an efficient, full-channel retail giant.
In the event of a subsequent recovery in consumption, inter- and intra-city linkages may also provide further room for imagination. Investment advice: maintain a “better than the big city” rating.
The adverse effects of the company ' s Hainan tax-exempt operations, and the possible further extension of the profit slopes of the new project, as well as the effects of marketing and changes in marketing structures, have led to a downward adjustment of the Hainan income assumption (2024-2026), which relies on the Division ' s continuous upgrading of tourism retail overall operations and a growing supply of products in recent years
There is still a way up. And with the New Deal of the city’s tax-free shop, the future exits and exits, the airport and the city’s tax-free shops have a lot of room for imagination, maintaining a “better than the big city” rating.
In the south of China, tax exemptions continue to be imposed, with tax-free revenues rising at airports of entry and exit but limited profit contributions. At the south-west level: 1, due to weak consumer demand, duty-free duty-free returns continued this year. In the first three quarters of 2024, duty-free sales on Hainan Island fell by the same 31% (15%/-19% each), of which q3 sales fell by the same 36% (shopping/person-to-person) price.
On the basis of these estimates, the tax-exempt income of Hainan q3 fell by more than 30% on a year-on-year basis. At the same time, due to the increase in sales, the cost of new projects such as Bay Bay C, and the relative rigidity of the company’s operating costs, we expect the company Hainan’s net profit of tax-free q3 to fall by a relatively larger margin than its revenue and directly drag the company’s q3 table.
Today, 2, duty-free airports for entry and exits are recovering. In the last three quarters, companies achieved a significant increase in their exit and exit duty-free shop sales, with tax-free doors in Beijing increasing by 140% + and duty-free doors in Shanghai increasing by nearly 60%. But, because net interest rates are estimated at only a few digits, their contribution to overall profits has been limited.
Active brand enrichment, marketing, etc., has led to a decline in the disturbing q3 Māori ratio. Companies have continuously adapted and enriched their brands, with 165 brands of various commodities introduced in the previous three quarters, with Chinese brands accounting for more than 40%. 2024q3, influenced by promotional sales and other factors, the Māori ratio of companies has dropped by 32.03%, or around 2 pct, compared to the previous three quarters; however, the public sector has, in the previous three quarters, recorded a slight decline in the ratio of Māori to Māori.
Figure 5: Changes in the Māori and Mothers ' Net Interest Rates in China
At the same time, at the end of August, the New Deal for Exempted Shops in the City of Departure was launched. Six duty-free shops in the city and 12 duty-free shops in the 49% of the city's proposed shares are expected to do so.
As the first to be converted into intra-city duty-free shops for expatriates, covering 15 central cities, including Beijing, Shanghai and other cities; and in the future, eight cities, Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Chengdu, are expected to open new intra-city duty-free shops, which are also actively pursued on the basis of their national tax-free licensing advantages and the advantages of the retail tourism chain, thereby maximizing the share of the city ' s tax-free New Deal.
Investment advice: maintain a “better than the big city” rating. Consider the adverse effects of the overall consumption environment and the diversion of the outbound flows on the company's Hainan tax-exempt operations, and the potential for further expansion of the profits of the new project, as well as changes in marketing and marketing structures, etc.
In recent years, tourism retailing has continued to increase its overall operational capacity and the supply of a growing supply of products, and future growth is still on the rise. And, along with the new state of the city’s tax-free stores, there is also room for contemplation between future airports of entry and exit and duty-free shops within the city, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject