The long-term performance of the Wall has fallen dramatically, the brand is still moving upwards and the cost is mostly confirmed in two quarters, and the first Vv7 of the Wey brand is on the market in April, and the company is working on it.
More investment in marketing and brand promotion costs has been made, with two quarters of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies now amounting to only $540 million, down nearly 80% from the same period. As the volume of all new Haffah 6 and vv7 sales has been rising, the stocking of older products is nearing completion, and the company’s profitability is expected to improve significantly in three quarters.
In the context of increased competition in the car market, the company’s hard-to-do Wey brand is still under branding, short-term pressure on profit demand has been highlighted, and second-quarter performance has declined significantly. Against the backdrop of the fall in the small-volume acquisition tax concession policy, the overall growth pressure of the city in the second quarter has been high, and cars have continued to roll out new models.
The market is becoming more competitive. The company has invested $1 billion in red bags, but with limited effect, with 2-quarter sales of 207,000 vehicles, down 4.7 per cent and 18.7 per cent, respectively, compared to the Ring, with a single car price of only April, when wey's first model Vv7 and all-new Hafferh6 were listed, and the company's pledge to Wey's brand was made in April.
With high expectations, full branding and product promotion, advertising costs have increased significantly. Research and development costs have also been increased by research and development inputs from large suv and auto-pacing boxes, with substantial increases during the period leading to a significant decline in corporate profitability in the last two quarters.
Vv7 is still on the slope, and wey's brand is still going up. In April, the new Hapheus 6 was officially listed in the Shanghai Car Fair, sold 10,000 vehicles in June, the ring was about 6,000 more, and expected a new Haverh 6 boost to be re-innovated. Wey's first model Vv7 is also officially on the Shanghai Car Fair.
The market, with a sales price of $16.78-18.88 million, was officially delivered in early June, with 3,166 sold in June. Wey’s independent shop is still under construction, with fewer outlets, mainly in the middle of Hafer’s shop, to the detriment of its high-end branding and a certain diversion of Hafer’s brand.
In recent months, wey's independent shop will be opened intensively, reaching 150-200 by the end of 2017, to help it to climb smoothly in the second half of the year. vv5 is expected to be on the market in September-October, and companies are expected to be successful in entering 1) Autonomous brand suv competition has increased and sales and profitability are lower than expected; 2) New car sales are low
In view of the increased competition in the car market, the company's heavily invested Wey brand is still under branding, with short-term difficulties.
Qualified for portfolio investment consultancy, car: car whole, Peng Yong*