The Wall's medium-term performance is under pressure, expecting a new impetus from wey brands to promote older products, leading to a significant decline in corporate cycling and Maori rates in the second quarter of the year.
The brand first van vv7 and the brand new Huffh6 were marketed in April, with companies investing more in R & D and brand promotion costs, and the net profits of shareholders of listed companies for the second quarter were only $470 million, a 81.6 per cent decline in the same year, and the new Huffh6 and vv7 are on a smooth slope, and Vv5 is expected to be on the market by the end of August.
The company’s profitability is expected to improve significantly in the second half of the year, when the stock of old products is nearing completion. Given the increased market competition, the limited short-term profit support of the Wey brand, we maintain a profit forecast for the company, a sharp fall in performance in the second quarter, and a major drag on the old product.
The roll-out of new vehicles in Pocca has put a lot of pressure on the overall growth of the city. The company has invested $1 billion in red packs and terminal promotions to free space for new items, resulting in an average vehicle cost of only $86,000 for the second quarter, a decrease of $1.0 million and $0.5 million for the same year and the ring, respectively, but the effect of the low season has increased.
With a larger backlog and a more limited impact, the company achieved sales of 207,000 vehicles in the second quarter, corresponding to the same ratio and 5.4 percentage points. Wey's first vehicle, Vv7, was on the market in April at the Shanghai Car Fair, and the company increased by 11.9% from the same time, along with an increase in the company's investment in suv and ATM.
The addition also led to a significant increase in the company’s financial costs, leading to a significant decline in its performance in the first half of the year. In June and July, the sales were 3,166 and 6,075 respectively, the climbs were smooth, the end orders were hot, the supply was too high, and it was expected that as the market returns, it would be an approximate event.w5s
The pre-sale price of the pre-marketed super-rich and flagship models is $155,000 and an average of $165,000 per day for three months (million yuan) and will be on the market on August 31 in Tianjin. w5 is younger and the main sales price is expected to be higher.
The net liability ratio (%) (2017e) is 20-30 thousand dollars lower than w7 and the total series of vehicles is expected to have 15,000 stable monthly sales in the future.
Innovative Wall Assets Management Ltd. expects that the Wey brand independent shop will be opened intensively in the last few months, and that by the end of 2017 it is expected to reach more than 100 homes, contributing to a smooth climb in sales in the second half of the year. The company is expected to enter the suv1-20 million market successfully.
Opens up new growth space for companies. 1) Autonomous brand suv competes more, sells less and earns less than expected; 2) New car sales are low.
In view of the increased competition in the car market and the limited short-term support of the Wey brand for profits, we maintain the company's car: the whole car.