High-end market in power suv, wey sales continue to climb.
On 8 August 2017, the company released the July Sales Express, vv7 sales of which were slightly higher than expected. 1. The Hafer series performed fairly well and the Wey series was slightly higher than expected.
A total of 69,063 vehicles were sold in July, an increase of 0.13 per cent over the same period. In terms of the specific pattern of vehicles, 53,853 vehicles were sold this month in the Huff series, a decrease of 10.25 per cent over the same period;
And this year's brand-new high-end Wey series has performed well, and the vv7 series has been sold monthly, and the circulation b/h (millions) h6 has maintained its traditional dominance and h8 has been outstanding.
The Hover series has a low overall performance, with the traditional niches H2, H6 and the acceleration of the monthly sales of vehicles remaining at a leading position in the Hover series, bringing new growth momentum after the launch of the new Häfoh6 in April.
3. Wey's high-end suv market in the middle- and upper-end of the chain, and the Huff's has been down for the second quarter as a result of a sales model that allows for sales promotion in stock, while the Wall's bus has been aiming for the Wey series.
The market between the $150,000 and 2 million price zones is intended to lead the autonomous brand into a new era at the middle and high end, while breaking the development bottlenecks. The earlier Huff series accumulated 1 and the Great Wall Cars (601633): expect h2 and h1 sales.
Good speech combined with a number of autonomous and innovative designs for medium- and high-end suv fast-emitting super-expected winds in the east of the 2014-10-27 show, and the Wey series will certainly bring new life to the Great Wall car suv, which is what it's all about.
The excellent performance of the Great Wall Cars (601633), which has been slightly below expectations, can be seen from its listing: 3166 sales in June and 150-200 at the end of the year at the 4s, with the Wey series continuing to climb and hopefully by the end of the year.
Waiting for New Vehicle Launches 2014-03-24 Wey series, using autonomously developed 4c20a2,0t engines with a 7-speed, wet, double-transformation tank, has achieved the best level of autonomous branding.
The interiors, electronics, etc. are doing their best to make their luxurious and comfy brands, and the image of the East's financial and intellectual flourishing is deep in the hearts and minds. Vv7 opens the door for the upcoming vv5s.
A good basis for the future profitability of the Wall's automobiles.Profit forecasting and investment advice High end suv, giving companies a “recommended” rating.
He's a leader of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, and he's good at keeping track of the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context.
Sun Horan, a graduate student in finance at the Chinese People’s University, joined the East Hing Bond in 2016.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.