The Great Wall has been upgraded and is expected to return in the second half of the year.
On 21 July, the company released a fast-track performance report for the first half of 2017, which projected its operating income for the first half of the year to be concessional clients, such as the Automobile and Spare Parts Industry Research Group Red Pack, to promote existing products, thereby affecting income and Māori rates.
At a time when the company’s advertising and research and development costs have increased considerably, the campaign q2 has performed well to the end, and the promotion campaign has taken the initiative to set the stage for a future recovery.
The profit fell by 49.4 per cent, of which q2 had a net profit of $537 million. This was mainly due to the company ' s relatively old main vehicle model, which led to the introduction of preferential forms such as price reductions, red packs and sales, and the introduction of 1 billion red packs in 201.7q2, which resulted in a huge increase in the company ' s sales costs, which were added up to the cost of sales.
The industry is a low-season season, which reduces net profits. Given the introduction of new H6 products in the Hover series, marketing in the first half of the year is also a means to proactively store space for new cars, and after completing the stock of old models, the performance of new products is expected to pick up significantly in the second half of the year.
The Great Wall's dominant suv brand Huff series, which used to rely mainly on h2 and h6, built a good branding for Hafer, but as the product grew older, the profits of the bicycles fell considerably, and as the product grew older.
Huan, the sale of 3,166 vehicles in the first month of June, after the Wall’s powerful high-end brand of Wey Vv7, will also contribute significantly to the profitability of the bicycles. With the gradual release of new models in the second half of the year, corporate profitability will be restored.
Wey led the breakthrough, the high-end suv market had a great future ahead of us, and wey's brand of branding high-end markets under the Great Wall was launched in the first half of the year.
By extension, the new VV5 and Wey vehicles will have a powerful branding effect in the second half of the year when they are on the market, combined with the location of the Wey market and the over-hard quality of the product, and the future is expected to break the consumer's perception of national ownership, low-priced branding, leading to a higher branding breakthrough.
New car sales may fall short of their intended target, with the Hover series growing in 2017. Chart 7: pb-band Chan Yong: Master of Arts, Central University of Finance and Finance. Market research in securities investment advisory bodies, including the Seam and News, February 2000-2008, joined the newsletter in December 2008.
The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views and seeks to be independent, objective and impartial, with no third party's recommendations or conclusions, or any other party's recommendations.