Prices are up to date with the contribution of locational sales The best products of the population - a review report/cars and accessories industry day, which is expected to be officially marketed by the end of August. There are two versions of the vV5s listed at this time: the Expensive (pre-sale)
The price is 155,000) and the flagship (pre-sale is 165,000) and the customers involved in the scheduled and completed purchase of the car will be given the opportunity to take advantage of the two years of interconnection free of charge.
The short-term new vehicle effect of a price-fixing product ensures long-term expectation of vvv5s for the first compact suv of the Wey series, with an estimated sale price of $15.5-165,000, which is run with h6 and has a size of 4462*1857*1638, carrying the 2.0t engine and a seven-stage two-by-separation gear box developed autonomously.
Depending on the size and configuration of the vehicle, the pricing is largely in line with expectations. Vv5s are in a segmented market of essentially 10-15 price range, which is subject to the effect of a new vehicle in the short term and is expected to arrive monthly.
The share of suv in the 10-15 million compartmentalized area rose from 23 per cent in 2014 to 38 per cent in 2016), and the market in vv5s was wide and open for future sales.
Since the launch of the Wey brand, the first car under the flag was officially delivered at the end of May, and sales have increased steadily over the last two months; the VV5s have been listed as adding new members to the Wey family, and the co-help company product has broken upwards. Moreover, the Wey series is equipped with a self-produced 7dct, while the self-produced kit reduces the cost of the product.
Enhancing the ability to cope with risks in a competitive environment, on the other hand, the success of the Wey series will validate the performance of the company ' s 7dct, demonstrating its own R & D capabilities, while increasing corporate profits if extraneous.
The Great Wall is a leader in the area of suv, with strong product and cost controls. Since the beginning of the year, the main players have been affected by the promotion of inventories, changes in accounting policies, and weaker industry landscapes: but the market is not enough for usy, and as the flag gets out of the market, the volume of sales will gradually test its success, for example.
With a smooth break-up from Wey, the company will enter a new stage of development. Consider short-term performance pressure, low industry climate, high market competition, unexpected quality problems in the new model, new model versus research assistant: Zhang Dongdong.
1 "The Great Wall Cars (601633), "The Yearly Review 2016: A big increase in performance is expected of Wey " , Liu Zhenwoo, Head of the Large Mechanics Unit, Beijing University of Science and Technology, undergraduate and master's degree in materials.
Yu Haikun, Master of Business Administration, University of Qinghua, and an expert in auto circulation and post-services. He was in charge of marketing management in the North as a marketing director in a car brand, in charge of under-line development and brand promotion activities in the country, and in the post-car market for two years.
Three years of consultancy experience in the management of a consulting firm, focusing on user orientation, brand positioning, corporate strategic consulting; six years of experience in the work of large commercial enterprises, familiar with corporate warfare through the Ministry of Strategic and Development, the Ministry of Marketing Company Markets and Commodity Management.
Master of Accounting, cpa, two years of experience, dedicated to driving cars, smart cars, new energy cars, etc. 2015 author with qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,