Public utilities and environmental groups expand their production capacity to the point where the price of coal is increasing, and new energy sources are pushing electricity down, but they benefit from capacity-priced electricity and power generation restructuring.
1. " China Electric International: improved profits from fire and electricity, new approved savings equal to -6.5 per cent, average Internet access cost of approximately $517.1/mwh, adjusted to 1.4 per cent.
2. In-depth study by China Electric International: the cycle of fire and power taps, the complete assets of Shandong, Henan and Anhui, mainly rejuvenated by the increase in new energy generation and the investment of new foreign power units, 2024.12.27
The impact of production. But thanks to the high percentage of compensation for coal capacity in Shandong and Henan and the fact that during the reporting period, the company’s new output of 1.65 million kilowatt gas unit was responsible for a significant increase in the volume of electricity generated by gas power, which averaged only $7.2/mwh on the Internet.
Lower coal prices reduce the cost of fuel and the price difference for ignition continues to widen. 1h25 Coals entering the stove have a unit price of $850.74/tonne, which is 12.98% lower retroactively than the same period in the previous year.
The cost of electric fuel for fire power dropped by $12.18/mwh to approximately $347.43/mwh on a year-on-year basis, by approximately 3.4 per cent, less than the price of coal in the stove or higher as a result of the new fleet ' s commissioning and asset injection into the gas generator. 1h25 achieved a Māori sales rate.
10.72 per cent, an increase of 2.1 pcts over the same year, with a generally flat ring ratio. See, the recovery in demand for electricity in the high-temperature weather zone of 3025 will raise the number of hours spent on power, especially in the provinces where the electricity generated by the 1h25 was reduced significantly, in July/August by extremely high-temperature weather.
The impact is even greater, for example, in the medium- and long-term, when Henan’s power generation from the fire in July increased by the same amount as +32.7 per cent, the assets of the company after entry have been approved and the number of units under construction has reached 1,1.966,000 kilowatts, of which 6.268 million kilowatts are on fire and 5.698 kilowatts are on pump.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating electricity demand is not as high as expected, coal prices are below as expected, and participation projects are not performing as expected.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market