Non-financial company stocktaking report - performance in the first half of the year is in line with expectations of the regular energy integration platform of HMG Investment rating: buy-in (maintain)
♪ Triangleright Liu Xiaoning Zou Pei-chung ♪
The growth in performance benefited from a fall in the price of coal, while the price of electricity on the Internet remained robust. The fall in the company’s revenue in the first half of the year was mainly due to a decline in electricity, which, according to the announcement, fell by 6.46% in the first half of 2025 when the company reached 113.3 billion kilowatts of electricity on the Internet, mainly in the region.
In the first half of the year, according to the announcement, the company's unit price of coal on the stove was $850.74 per ton, a decrease of $12.98 per cent, or $127 per ton. Of this total, the return on investment in the joint battalion in the second quarter was 44 per cent, mainly in the first half of 2024 in the city of Fukuk.
Dunspin Mining (35% participation) caused $720 million in investment losses. It is worth noting that the company’s average Internet connection cost was $516.8/megawatt hours in the first half of the year, a 1.44% decline in the same year, and about $7.6/mw hours, while the company’s electricity price remained robust.
Other operational data include 77.44 million kW in the first half of the year (the acquisition of Group Fire and Power Assets was completed on 1 June), of which 748, 1,014,000 kW in China and 1,014 kW in China. By the end of June 2025, the company had approved the construction of 1,197 kW, of which 468, 159, and 5.7 million kW in coal and gas, respectively.
China Electric Group conventional energy integration platform, completes the Group 16gw electric power acquisition, and proposes to increase the share to China Power Replenishment. By issuing shares and paying cash for the purchase of 16gw electric power units in eight companies under the China Electric Group flag, the company traded a total of $7,167 million, yuan/equity, and a total of $679 million. After the targeted increase was completed, China Telecommunications International completed its social fund-raising fund-raising fund in August.
Cash (1,428 million yuan). This asset is being injected into Naihua Electric to fulfil the commitment of Naihua Electric International to integrate conventional energy sources (fire, electricity, water and electricity) and, at the same time, the company has issued an announcement from the Replenishment Group's leading hydroelectric company, proposing an increase of $600 million to the relevant party, Hmong Power Gold, Sharjiang Upper Hydropower Development Co. Ltd. (on Hm), with an increase in the registered capital of Hmong from $10 billion to Hmong.
15 billion yuan. The share share ratio will remain the same (48% of Chinese electricity, 12% of Chinese electricity, 40% of other shareholders). According to the Chinese electricity grid, the Chinese electricity grid is primarily responsible for the development and construction of the 7th-level hydroelectric plant in the upper Qing Sha River, totalling 917.6 million kW in \triangleright.
With over 30 million kilowatts of renewable energy in the river basin, the base is expected to operate 12 million kilowatts by 2027, and in 2035 it will be largely constructed as a demonstration base for water and light integration in the upper Qingsha River basin.
My personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers are not present, do not relate to, and will not be directly or indirectly linked to, specific investment opinions or opinions in this report, in a diligent and professional manner, using information on legal compliance, and in an independent and objective manner.