Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) China's Storage of “Crystal” Hopes, three core strengths that are contributing to a steady rise in the share of easy-to-innovation cities: 1) mega-bullying demand for innovation downstream.
The rapid growth of research and development inputs into production has led to high growth in corporate incomes: in the last five years, the pick-up of gagr (31.83 per cent) > Flexible Fables business models, stronger product competitiveness and industry chain voice made innovation easier.
Management is more sensitive to the market and has a greater advantage in the cycle of price hikes in the industrial chain. 3) The idm model of magnanim and Wahbong power is more demand-rich than the idm model of magnanim and q1 performance, which is expected to grow at a high-speed rate throughout the year.
More flexibility in the face of intense competition. Three major advantages are expected to lead to a further increase in company-to-market ratios. 55 nmnorflash and self-research dram gradually released, adding about $19 billion in new market space; 2. Multi-operational schilling, q3 performance growth beyond expectations -
Dram and flash in the storage chip market account for 95% of the market share, and the invisible innovation has reached depth. Noor Product Area: we measure an increase of over $500 million in emerging markets in 23 years. Current company 3. MIG First Cover Report - Storage Microcontrol
The net market accounts for 19% of the output, and as the process moves from 65nm to 55nm, it leads to an increase in production capacity, and we expect this cycle of price increases to continue into 22 years, and the company’s income is expected to continue to grow at a very high rate.
For dram, 21h1 is projected to be self-researched and dram, with the market leading the 19nm process, and the current supply and demand mismatch for dram, with prices projected to rise by more than 70 per cent in 21 years and a 23-year base dram market space of over $18.4 billion.
With mcu entering the price increase cycle, the related revenue is expected to double: Micu innovation is the leading 32-digit chip manufacturer in the country, with more than 500 million shipments, more than 20,000 customers, and the first 32 generic mcú products based on risc-v are expected to reach q2-q4
At the same time, the company’s self-researched mccu, which is expected to run in June/July of 21 years, will also result in an increase in revenue, and we expect a doubling of Mcc operations throughout the year.
The roll-out of new products has fallen short of expectations: the risk of stock restrictions: the risk of increased prices of raw materials: the beauty of the fat, the core advantages of easy innovation: product leadership, more forward-looking strategies, more flexible models
Current market share of the mega-innovation is 18.8% worldwide in the field of norflash, third in rank, with the top two competitors being the first, the Chinese, and the second, the magnanimous. Here we look at the three angles of product layout, management’s market sensitivity, and business model.
The advantages of innovation are relative to those of the other two. 1.1 Core advantages one: absolute market leadership in sequenced flashes at the middle and lower end of the market  sequenced flashes gradually become market mainstream. Flashes can be transported in parallel flashes based on interfaces.
. Parallel flashes use parallel interfaces where data are transmitted simultaneously, with speed appropriate for short-range communication, mostly for high-density products, with efficiency, but with high cost and price for encapsulation.
Serial interfaces, where data are transmitted in a one-location sequence, especially for remote communications, but at a slower pace, mostly for low-density products, less effective, but with small capping space, low manufacturing costs and low prices. In recent years, as a result of market trends, due to consideration of the cost of encapsulation manufacture, and
The efficiency of serial flashes is gradually increasing, sequence flashes are becoming more popular, especially in low- and middle-level functional mobile phones, which are starting to use sequenced flashes to drive industry demand up and down.
Compared with the three products, they found that the most extensive horizontal layout of the magnanimous products, and in parallel flashing, has an absolute advantage. But in sequenced flashing, the technology that is more likely to be innovative, especially in the field of the new noorflash product, is in the first place in the market.
Modular flashes are becoming the mainstream market, especially at the lower and middle end of the market, and demand is now extremely high, mxsmio(multi-i/o) familialandmxmxmioduplex(dtr) is no longer providing parallel storage products.
Selecting the configuration to guide and unify the sector structure. A grandnoor flash provides clients with high value for money, high performance and reliable products, low productivity, high durability. A summary: in the field of noorflash, the most extensive horizontal layout of a magnanimous electronic product has an absolute advantage in parallel flash. But, in the case of sequence flashes, technology that can be easily innovative is better. In the field of softening this new noorflash product, innovation can easily take a leading position in the market.
1) In terms of capacity, mega-innovation has developed a flash of 512 kb-256m and is already in a state of large-scale production. In this product area, the comparable magnanimous electrons are still in the new R & D production phase and have much less capacity than the oscillable ones. 2) The magnostic-innovated magma is stable at 104 mhz, whereas the majority of magma electrons are in 80 mhz and 104 mhz.
3) Magnificently innovative broad-pressure flashes have a higher tolerance range than magma electrons, with a maximum tolerance temperature of 125 degrees Celsius. In the case of apples, the noorflash of Apple’s first generation of anaesthesia was replaced by a major supplier, Wabon Electric, and the re-pricing of anapodspro products was replaced by a mega-renovation.
We believe that this is due mainly to the following two factors: 1) the product types of Wang-Hun and Wabang power are dominated by high-volume noor, high-end markets such as product locator controls, cars, etc., while the omens of innovation are dominated by medium-to-low capacity and more suitable for headphone needs.
Noor requirements. 2) Mt. Innovations use the Fables model, which is relatively easier to expand and can respond to orders from large clients like apples, compared to the idm model, which is dealing with the market in terms of electricity and magnanim.
After 30 years of development, crystal-round plants have matured in terms of specialization and fine-tuning and abundance of product lines, and have become more flexible in coping with changes in markets and applications. Although the Chinese electricity and Wang-Hun are also trying the crystal-round industry, this compares with the industry.
The use of specialized crystal-crystal-crystal-based workers has an advantage over the use of oscillating innovations. Figure 4: Airpods configures the noorflash electricity in Wahbun. Figure 5: Airpodspro uses the oscillated noorflash product
In terms of the volume of R & D, the amount of R & D investment in M & D has increased to 541 million yuan, with 51.76 per cent in gagr; the amount of Gggr from 829 million yuan is 18.75 per cent. The share of expenditure on R & D is the highest in China.
17.31%), followed by gestational innovation (12.03%), and a rising trend, with the most ambitious demands and determination to gain technical voice. The advantage of leading products and high-growth R&D inputs have led to rapid growth in income from innovation.
In terms of volume of income, the largest amount of revenue is currently in China, with $14.137 billion in 2020, followed by $9,272 million in Wang-Hun and $4,497 million in volatile innovation. However, in terms of speed of increase, the highest compound rate of growth was 31.83 per cent between 2016 and 2020, followed by Wang-Hun.
15.76 per cent and 11.93 per cent, respectively, of the electricity supply in Wabong; the downside of the semiconductor industry affected by the epidemic in 2020 led to 40.4 per cent income growth in the year-on-year reversibility of volatile innovation, with a growth rate of 13.81 per cent and 24.51 per cent respectively, far below that of easy innovation.
1.2 Core advantage two: Management is more market-sensitive and more competitive in the chain price increase cycle  Māori rates and net interest rates are both higher than competitors and are more market-sensitive to easy-to-renovate management. Compare three profitabilitys: Māori is higher in Māori and higher in Māori than in Māori.
From 28.55% to 28.08%, China’s electricity fell. In terms of net interest rates, it rose by 1.1 percentage points to the highest rate. So, it can be seen that it is growing steadily in terms of profitability, better than its competitors.
Figure 11: Comparison of trillions of innovation with competitors ' net interest rates for 2016-2020, we believe that this is based on three main points: first, the high ratio of high Maori flash operations and the vulnerability of total revenue to the flash product price cycle
Impact. In terms of income structure, flash products account for 73 per cent of total income easily innovative, and annual data replace it. High-morigin flash products make the overall Māori ratio higher for the company as a whole and the total revenue is vulnerable to the price cycle of Flash products.
▪ Second, the Fables business model allows company management to adjust inventory capacity in a timely manner. The company’s Fables business model is more flexible, especially in the current global semiconductor shortage situation, with price increases, where the stock and inventory of semiconductors will determine whether they are better off.
In 2020, the global semiconductor industry chain was hampered by the epidemic and Chinese-American technology competition, causing price booms.
In the past 21 years, the increase in the income and inventory of the various producers showed that the prices were higher in each of the firms: the best electricity performance in the country, followed by the greatest innovation and, lastly, the biggest. The data show that in 2020, the rate of growth in electricity in the country was 24.51%, and the rate of growth in the stock was 24.51%.
17.49 per cent, about 23 percentage points behind, but the rate of increase is still considerable, resulting in an increase in the income of 21q1 battalion at 13.81 per cent for macro-income and only 1.13 per cent for stocks, which are well below the power and omens of China, and a low stock that increases the company ' s income at 21q1 at only 0.3 per cent.
From 2016 to 2020, the number of days for which innovation is most effective decreased from 136 to 88, while the number of days for which innovation is taking place increased from 104 to 177, and the number of days for which electricity is available increased from 71 to 117 in China.
The shortest number of days indicates that the demand for company products in the market is high and the demand is low. In terms of stock structure, since 2019, the share of easily innovative stocks began to decline, the share of raw materials rose, and the share of raw materials was significantly higher than that of stocks in 2020, which further indicates that the ratio of raw materials to commodities in the world is higher than that of stocks.
Market demand for corporate products and firm-to-industry price increase cycles are becoming more forward-looking 3
In 2020, the number of working days of the volatile and innovative accounts receivable decreased from 25.3 days to 14.6 days and was in a constant downward trend; the number of working days of the cashier was reduced from 54.2 days to 46 days; and the number of working days of the Chinese electricity was increased from 27 days to 49.4.
The quality is a reflection of the increased competitiveness of products and the growing power of the industrial chain. In summary, we believe that, while the market is now in the top three rankings of the noorflash market, the market share of the market is the last, but innovation is already in the top three stages of the industry’s perception and prediction.
The top and declining inventory and accounts receivable swing days show that the public sector is becoming more competitive, with a growing voice in the industrial chain. With greater inventory sensitivity and product competitiveness, companies are expected to achieve better performance elasticity in future market competition.
1.3 Core three advantages: the Fables model is more flexible, with clear advantages in the face of strong industry competition Fabless and idm each have advantages in multiple industrial chains such as idm-module chip design, chip manufacturing, chip encapsulation and testing
At the same time, it is the model used by most of the early integrated circuit companies, such as Samsung, Texas instruments, etc. The advantage is that the design, manufacturing, etc., is optimized in a way that helps to realize the full potential of technology and is equipped to take the lead in experimenting and introducing new semiconductor technologies (e.g. finfet): the disadvantage is the company.
Large-scale, high management costs, high operating costs, low capital returns, market-based Fables models are responsible only for the circuit design and marketing of chips: outsourcing production, testing, sealing, etc. The advantage is that the assets are smaller, the initial investments are small, and the start-up is relatively difficult;
Enterprises operate at lower operating costs and are relatively flexible in their transition; the disadvantage is that they cannot be optimized with process agreements compared to idm, thus making it difficult to complete highly targeted designs and to assume a variety of market risks.
In the global market landscape, where international repositories are emerging from the low- and middle-end markets of noorflash and slcnand, market-ownership rates are rising rapidly, thanks to the fables’ light asset business model. And both Chinese electricity and magnanim are subject to the idm model.
So, the market space for micro-innovation is still large and can be used to use the entire domestic semiconductor industrial chain, focusing on chip design and development.
Market demand, reduced total costs, and rapid adjustment and development in the midst of intense market competition. Second, dram and flash are the main battlegrounds for storage technology, with a magnified depth of innovation layout 2.1 dram and flash as the semiconductor memory in the mainstream of the market.
The semiconductor memory is divided into random-recording-rams and read-only-recording-recording-like types. Random-recording-rams can't save data after a power outage, mainly for short-time storage applications. rom is also known as master and read-only memory, which can only read data stored in advance and not.
A temporary data storage medium that can be fast, easy to rewrite as a random memory, but with read-write, fast-paced features, usually as an operating system or as an active program.  Semiconductor storage in the current market is used for dram (dynamic random storage), nadflash
The dram is highly integrated, cheap, low-capacity, and slow-to-reach. The dram is called kinetic random storage, which saves data by constantly refreshing circuits, from storage capacity.
For example, dram can provide a larger storage capacity and longer access times, but as a result of continuous updating of the circuits, it also leads to higher power consumption and slower speed, and each chip has a transistor and flash that can be divided into two major categories: noorflash and nadflash: size, size.
The unit capacity costs are low, and noor reads fast, reliable, and disassembly fast.
Doc and flash disks are used in embedded systems. The advantage of noorflash is that it reads faster.  The global storage chip market is expected to reach US$ 21,96.6 billion in 2023, dram and nad
Flash together accounts for more than 95% of the market share. The global storage chip market is growing rapidly, and the global storage market is forecast to be $219.6 billion by 2023, an increase of 21.73% in the same year, and the Gagr by 2020-2025 will be 10.6% from the product structure.
Upwards, dram sales accounted for about 53 per cent of the entire storage market in 2020, with a flash share of about 45 per cent, with 44 per cent Nandflash and 1 per cent noorflash flash, while other storage chips (eeprom, eprom, rom, sram) will grow slowly but take over the city.
China’s storage chip market was more than 300 billion yuan, with dram and flash combined accounting for 98%. Yoe data show that in 2014-2019, China’s storage chip market grew from 127.4 billion yuan to 267.7 billion yuan, with an average annual compound growth rate of 16.18%.
The size of the storage chip market is nearly 300 billion yuan. In terms of product structure, ISR data show that in 2020, the Chinese storage market accounted for 53% of drams, 42% of nards, 3% of nor, and 98% of drams and flash combined.
Figure 24: Structure of China ' s storage chip product, 2020 Figure 23: Size of China ' s storage chip market, 2014-2020e 2.2nand market, over $55.2 billion.
nandflash can be divided into four main categories based on the storage density of flash particles: slc, mlc, tlc, and qlc.
The amount of information stored by mlc, tlc, and qlc per cell is increased sequentially, and the voltage changes increase exponentially as the stored information increases, but the corresponding p/e lifetime decreases. The more data are stored in each cell, the larger the unit size.
The higher the voltage, the harder it is to control, the poorer the particle stability, the lower life expectancy, the advantages and disadvantages. For slc, the mlc capacity is 100% larger, the life expectancy is reduced to 1/10 slc, and for mlc, the capacity of tlc is 50% larger and the life expectancy is shorter.
1/20 for mlc. Currently in the flash market, slc is a dedicated flash particle for enterprise-level servers, mlc and tlc have been stored in mainstream particles, and qlc is a future trend.
Enterprise-level customers, such as industry control, space engineering and communications equipment, that are best available, most expensive and generally used as very high requirements for reliability, stability and durability; mlc properties that can be used, more stable and affordable, mainstream for industrial and car regulation ssd applications; tlc is the current consumption level
Ssd's mainstream, cheap, but can be filled and enhanced by high performance masters, master control algorithms: the qlc target is greater capacity and lower cost, representing future trends. 3dnand solves the problem of "scaling limits" under the 2d structure. Storage units are small in size.
High performance and low power consumption have always been a constant goal of the storage industry. The smaller sizes allow each crystal to produce more die, the higher performance meets the demands of high-speed calculations, the lower power consumption improves action, the installation of battery charging frequency and the evaporation of the data centre system. Historically, storage units have been used for the storage.
Density is increased by reducing the size and spacing of cells. If the size and spacing of cells are reduced by half, the same regional structure can accommodate four times the size of cells. But subject to process constraints, flash cell parameters can only be reduced to a certain size, using traditional light intensity patterns.
The continuous expansion is also extremely expensive, and each time the chip process is upgraded, it not only results in a reduction in the size of the component, but also in an increase in performance and a reduction in power, i.e., a scalding limit of the flash.
In order to break the “scaling limits” of flash stocks and provide high-capacity, low-cost nandflash, a variety of solutions have been developed within the industry, the most important of which is 3dnand, which will devolve the storage units and arrange the particles in a vertical direction on a two-dimensional plane basis.
The 3dnand of large capacity, high stacking layers, will be the industry’s future trend. The square side is composed of a horizontal chain of storage units, while in 3dnand, the chain of storage units is stretched and folded and vertically constructed with a u-shaped structure, and the units are stacked vertically to zoom in density. 3dnand is stored vertically.
The storage unit is similar to a tiny cylindrical structure, which consists of a vertical channel in the middle, a charge layer inside the structure, and the electron is taken into and removed from the insulation charge storage membrane by imposing voltage. For example, three stars are used to read the signal.
Moves to charge-free flash (2dctf), converts 2dctf storage unit 3d into a 3dctf storage unit, and eventually increases the number of layers of storage units up through process technology upgrades. In the future, 3dnands of large capacity and high stacking layers will be the industry’s future trend.
nand maintained strong growth, with a global market size of $55.2 billion. The data on icinsights show that, in 2020, strong demand from the server manufacturers who benefited from the downstream data centre resulted in a sharp increase in the average price of Nand, which led to a 25 per cent increase in the size of the global Nand market year-on-year.
The nand sector has a high concentration of 67% of the market share of cr3 and close to 100% of the market share of cr6. In terms of the structure of the market, the nand sector is highly concentrated, and the Trendforce data show that the market is highly concentrated.
From 2017 to 2020, the nard industry had remained at around 99 per cent. The top three producers, Samsung, Man and West, had a market share of 32.9 per cent, 19.5 per cent and 14.4 per cent, respectively, for 2020q4 and 66.8 per cent, respectively.
Figure 31: Global size of the Nand market, 2011-2020
In October 2020, the company introduced a purely national and autonomous 24nm process node.
The 4gbspinandflash product — the gd5f4gm5 series, which has already been achieved, marks the formal entry of the national slcnandflash product into the 24nm advanced process process, and the company will be successful in opening up new business space in the context of the demand end of the field in the city of Nand.
slcnand is an irreplaceable and indispensable route to mlcnand, tlcnand, and 3dnand, and domestic manufacturers are expected to make a breakthrough with the advantage of localization. Large international plants are invested in a shift to 3dnand. Large international plants are expected to make a breakthrough because of their “scaling limits”
In three stars, for example, the floatinggate structure was moved to charge flash (2dctf) to convert 2dctf storage unit 3d to 3dctf storage unit, eventually upgraded by process technology.
Progressively increases the number of layers of storage units. Slcnand is irreplaceable and has advantages in relation to 3dnand. Slcnand has a different bottom structure from 3dnand, which determines its product performance, 3dnand
It's a solution to solve capacity on a cubic-space flash, using floor stacks similar to building buildings, but the greater the number of layers stacked, the greater the stability challenge. And slcnand has: high explosibility, slcnand can be wiped 100,000 times in the 38nm process, 3d
Nand is an ideal for higher reliability, longer life, a new generation of automobiles, industry and network of things, and so forth.
The option is to provide the ideal solution for applications that work in bad environments, with large temperature differentials, and require long-term, stable and reliable operations, while also providing typical data retention for 10 years; 3) for high bandwidth.
4) Small capacity, with capacity, currently has a maximum of 256 gb and 3d Nand start-up capacity of 512 gb. On the whole, slcnand has a high reliability and 3dnand has a high capacity advantage.
Slc has a global market of more than $1.2 billion, and 5 gcpe and auto electrons have brought new market increases for slc. Slc mainly targets communications equipment such as base stations, pon, routers, surveillance and security, although slc has a small share in the Nand market (about 2%) but also because of its sex.
The difference determines its market positioning as irreplaceable. Besides its extensive use in the embedded market, slc is widely used in 5gcpe products as the construction of the 5g base station booms. Moreover, with the rapid development of auto-drive intelligence, complexity.
Automobile applications will require more high capacity flash storage, making auto electrons an important driver of small and medium capacity slc. Prudour data show a global low-capacity slc market size of $1,157 million in 2018 and a projected market size of $1,244 million by 2028.
Slc is an essential route to mlc, tlc, and 3d, and domestic manufacturers have the advantage of localization. For large foreign plants like Samsung, Light, etc., Slc has a smaller segmented market, but for domestic producers, slc has an attractive global market.
Producers are closer to home markets, able to respond quickly to customers' needs and provide adequate support for their services, and can steadily occupy key positions in the supply chain; on the other hand, domestic producers and home-grown producers of electricity and sub-products are mutually agreeable in terms of corporate culture, market concepts, etc., and work together.
At present, domestic producers are able to move from 38nm to 24nm, and have started to pre-research 1xnm products. In addition to being able to produce, they need the support of faundry.
Outside, domestic manufacturers have also begun to move into high-reliability slc areas, including car regulation markets, industry. Currently, the volume of products that are being produced with a magnified innovation covers the mainstream capacity range from 1gb to 8gb, voltage covers 1.8v and 3.3v, and provides both traditional parallel interfaces and new spi interfaces.
. In 2021, 24nm will become one of the company ' s main process nodes in slcnand. We believe that the small and medium-capacity storage market will have much room for growth in the future as the 5g area of communication and security surveillance continues to grow and develop, and as new areas such as automobile electronics rise and develop.
Technology innovation and process nodes rise, and companies are expected to become global technology leading slc suppliers. 2.3nor market space of $2.5 billion, with a steady increase in marketability and nandflash performance and positioning, are complementary and irreplaceable.
Noor is not an alternative. Although the density of the nonflash capacity is low, the rate of writing and scrubbing is slow and the cost is high compared to the mainstream nadflash, it has the ability to randomly access and programme byte lines due to the existence of an independent number, according to the bus and address bus.
Supports code execution (xip), which is extremely suitable for embedded applications. And noorflash has the advantage of high reliability, random reading speed, longer life, which makes it widespread in cases where the code is removed and programmed for less direct execution, especially in applications where the code is stored in pure storage.
Use, which is the preferred field for code flash applications such as cell phones, pc, dvd, tv, usbkey, top of the machine, and object networking devices. At the same time, noorflash has a performance advantage for bad pieces and easy to store and execute codes, and is not allowed in high-reliability applications such as vehicles and industry.
Alternatives. So, while Nand created a lot of alternatives for noor in the smartphone age, the noor market still has an irreplaceable basis for survival.
In use, clients choose to use noor in combination with Nand or dram. The general principle is that: Use a Nand flash in a large-volume multimedia application and a noor flash in a data/procedure storage application. According to this principle, the designer combines two flash chips.
To use, using the nor chip storage program, and using the nad chip to store data, the advantages of the two flash stocks can be complemented by devices such as mobile phones, pocketpc, pda, and electronic dictionaries. In mobile phones, for example, noor flashing, which supports xip technology, can run the oss directly and quickly.
Simplified design and reduced costs, so that typically small and elegant mobile phones are designed in noor+ram; mobile phones that pursue large storage capacity are more likely to choose Nand flash stock; and mobile phones that pursue function and speed in the same manner are designed in noor+nand+ram, which is the type of device that is designed to be used in the same way.
Designing to make ends meet the advantages of noor and nad. The decade of norflash has passed, and the market size has begun to rise steadily. While the field of noorflash applications is wide-ranging, it is similar to the storage used in computer bios applications, in addition to functional mobile phones.
Smaller spaces, typically around 1mb-32m, have low single chip values. During the period 2006-2015, the decreasing number of functional mobile phones led to declining demand in the netflash market, adding up to 2015 the number of electronics not sufficient to compensate for its low-asp weakness, resulting in noor
The overall market size of flash is gradually decreasing, with industry entering a decade of depression, reaching a market threshold of $1.86 billion by 2016. Starting in 2017, with rapid developments in emerging markets such as 5g, tws Bluetooth Headphones, amoled, and auto-driving, noorflash uses a simple interface.
Single, light, low power consumption, overall lower cost of the system, and speed of reading are among the top options for emerging demand and applications. The overall market size of the netflash recovered steadily in 2017, with cinno research predicting a market size of $2.5 billion by 2020.
Emerging market demand drives long-term sustained growth innorflash, with market incremental space exceeding $500 million. Over the long term, we believe that the areas of automobile electronics, 5g communications equipment, consumer electronics (ar/vr, wearable equipment, cell phone screens, tws, etc.), iot, and industry will contribute to the development of the nonflash.
By measuring the size of the emerging markets, we expect to reach $525 million by 2022. US producers have withdrawn, and their share of innovation has been rising.
Faced with a shrinking market size, in 2017, cypress and Light successively withdrew from the middle and low-volume consumer sector norflash and began to shift to high-end markets such as industrial controls and cars. In 2019, consumer electronic demand erupted, focusing on growing capacity in consumer markets such as magnanimity, power and oscillability.
Increased sales, coupled with a strong expansion to high-end markets, have led to a rising overall market share. cinnoresearch data show that 2019q3 is 18.25 per cent, surpassing the cypress for the first time in the world ' s first three.
The field share was raised to 18.8%, maintaining the third-highest ranking in the world. norflash product lines were rich, and the process process would move from 65nm to 55nm.
Some capacity types, voltage including 1.8v, 2.5v, 3.3v and wide voltage products. In 2020, the company introduced a series of gd25/gd55b/t/x products with a domestic initial capacity of up to 2gb, with a high performance, providing capacity options of 256 mb to 2gb for the highest level in the spinorflash industry.
High-speed 4 and high-speed 8 with jedecxspi and xccela specifications are used for 3.3v and 1.8v, respectively, with a combination of up to 18 major models and support for multiple encapsulations.
The industrial, vehicle, ai, and 5g applications are currently at the level of mainstream technology within the industry, with the process node predominantly 65nm, and the full roll-out of 55nm process node products, with an aggregate output of nearly 16 billion flash products.
2.4 Self-researched dram product release means that market incremental space is over $18.4 billion.dram is the semiconductor memory of the current mainstream market, with a global market size of $65.2 billion.c Insights data show that the global dram market was $65.2 billion in 2020 and is projected to be larger than the current market.
In 2021, it will amount to $86.9 billion, or 56 per cent of the storage chip market. Figure 47: The projected ratio of revenue from different storages in 2021 is highly concentrated in the dram industry from the supply side, with a preponderant monopoly pattern.
Between 2018 and 2020, Samsung, Hercules and Light monopolized about 95 per cent of the world’s market share in the dram market. Figure 49: Global dram market share, 2018-2020
Global dram capacity continues to be strained, with a 33 per cent increase in dram capital spending projected for 21 years. Since late 2020, dram markets have been strained by supply pressures, adding to multiple global outbreaks and the impact of a fire in a crystal circle. Dram supply is expected to remain tight in the second half of 2021.
Trendforce expects global firms to spend $25,251 million on dram in 21 years, an increase of 33% over the same period. Dragon producers like Samsung, Hercules, and Light have stepped up production.
Three Stars: Starting in 2021, the Samsung Xian II, P2 and P3 plants are expected to produce a 10 per cent increase in the production capacity of the three star dram per month in the first half of 2021. According to Chinese flash market data, the three star dram produces about 500 k per month, increasing production by 50 k per month.
After that, Tristar dram's monthly capacity will reach 550k. Hercules: In April 2021, the Korean government approved a plan for the construction of a new factory site for sk.H., with a total investment of $10.6 billion for the entire project, approximately 4.15 million square metres.
The new plant will be built in 21q4 and will complete all engineering projects in 2025 and start mass production. The entire plant will consist of four crystal mills, producing about 800,000 crystals per month. These crystal mills will be responsible for producing conventional dram chips, as well as for the next generation.
Dram technology chip. Light: In the second half of 2020, the new U.S. Lighta3 plant completed the construction of the cleaning room, and it is expected that the overall construction will be completed in the first half of 2021, and that the second half will begin to invest in 1 alpha (1-alpha) processdram.
In addition, in May 2021, Miswang expressed interest in building a5 after the delivery of a3 plant and continuously expanding the production capacity of the dram. ▪ At the demand side, the dram industry is a downstream demand-driven industry with a niche market size ratio
8%. The dram can be divided by downstream demand into standard (pcend), dram, server dram, mobile end dram, graphic dram, and base dram.
Most of the products in question, such as electronic and network communications, are decommissioned from mainstream specifications, including 512 mbddr and 1gbddr2. Compared to standard dram, the base dram market is small and more sophisticated. Trendforce data show that in 2020,
Mobile ends account for 39.6% of dram applications, servers 33.9%, pc 13.1%, base 7.9%, graphics 5.5%. Multi-factored drivers continue to fuel niche dram demand.
The strong demand for “households” in the first half of 2021 led to a recovery in demand for digital television, machine-top boxes, and web-based products, especially smartness.
Powerable grids, smart-led lighting, three-grid integration, mobile payments, and top-of-the-box ipstb, among others, will go a long way in expanding the reach of the base dram.  Second, the development of technology such as iot, 5g, and ai will also boost the demand for the dram.
The end product of the creation network has the characteristics of high-mixed small batches (hmlv), such as smart sound boxes, smart homes, wearing devices, etc., which require customized medium/low-density drams to support the above function due to computational capabilities and data storage requirements, and therefore the liki type
There is still much room for increasing the penetration of smart sound, as the state strongly supports the development of smart-house industries, as an entry-level product of smart-housers. The pre-dressable market scenario, idc predicts a global market size of $578 million in 21 years.
The size of the market will increase to $1,968 million in 2026. In terms of volume of shipments, the global volume of serviceable equipment reached 340 million in 2019 and is expected to reach 530 million in 2024. 5g base stations and ai upgrades their market demand. 4gb is available for small 5g base stations.
ddr3 or ddr4, while the ai accelerator can be equipped with 4 gb or 8 gblpdddr4, in addition to which 5 gcpe can use 2 gb or 4 gblpdddr4/4x. The boom in 5g and ai will raise the market demand for Liquidram, and the construction of 5g base will also drive the w-fi router and modem.
▪ Third, new markets in the electronics sector of cars will also benefit the lizzy dram. ddr2 is the mainstream of the market for embedded systems such as car electronics or engineering controls, electric vehicles, smart navigation, unmanned driving, etc.
Developments in areas such as body sensing will lead to the development of the niche dram. Thus, we believe that the niche dram market demand is expected to continue to grow as a result of the rapid development of emerging applications such as 5g, ai, cloud computing, car electronics, and the Internet.
▪ In terms of price, market supply and demand mismatches have led to a constant increase in the price of dram. The current high downstream demand and the slow expansion of the production capacity of firms have led to a rapid increase in the overall dram spot price from the end of 2020 to a doubling of prices in the early part of March 2021.
Over the above, while the prices of 4g products have begun to fall in recent months, 2g is expected to reach $18,456 million in size in 2023.
The coms image sensor cos production capacity, which converts the dram process to cis production capacity, leads to higher prices of the base dram. Trendforce data show that the price of the 21q1 base dram is expected to rise by more than 70% per year, but with other plants, such as long-term storage, the price of the dram is expected to rise by more than 70%.
The size of the niche dram market is expected to reach $18,456 million by 2023. To break the monopoly and technological blockade of foreign producers, China’s dram manufacturers are catching up.
China’s main dram manufacturer is Fujian Jinhua, Yoon Yu, and Ugly Nanjing, of which purple light is still mainly located in Li Jing, China’s home-grown dram is now a series of two types for Fu Jianhua and Yu Yu Yu. The first stage of the dung ding is based on the 19 nm platform.
8gblpddr4, with smartphones in the direction of application, is expected to complete 17nm in 21 years, with a visual yield of 40,000 units per month, and 21q4 units up to 85,000 units per month; Fujian Jinhua has stagnated its research and development due to restrictions on key technologies due to the list of U.S. entities.
Reserves are also developing dram technologies, but production may take a long time, so long stumps are stored as the only hope for China’s dram industry in the short term. The i-meugenic, pro-breaky type of dram is about to release into the harvest period.
In June 2020, the company successfully completed a non-public release of $4,324 million for an autonomous dram chip research and development and industrialization project.
ddr4, lpdddr4 series dram chips. The first self-researched dram product is expected to be launched in the first half of 2021, mainly for consumer niche markets such as ipic, tv.
For 3xnm-20nm, the company’s upcoming dram process node is 19nm, 17nm, and the company’s products are also under R & D, and the company’s products are more competitive in the market.
A series of agreements, such as the Framework Procurement Agreement, promotes close business cooperation with the long-term stock of dram products, surrogates, and joint development projects. In 2020, the company acquired orders and trust from dram clients in the fields of iptv, mobile phones, tv, letter-making, etc.
In November 2020, the company contributed 300 million yuan, participating in a wise and integrated replenishment, and holding about 0.85% of the stock.
III. Mcu is expected to double its growth, with a small short-term pressure on long-term growth trends of 3.132 mcu products in the mainstream of the market, with market space amounting to $10.7 billion – the rapid development of new technologies such as auto-electronics, iot, industrial Internet, driving the global mcu.
Rapid expansion to $20.7 billion by 2020. Thanks to the growth in the number of networking nodes brought about by the rapid development of the Internet, the increased penetration of automobiles and electronics, and the increased demand for automation equipment in industry at 4.0 per cent.
The growth of cars, artificial intelligence, consumer electronics, communications, etc. has accelerated. According to the number of icinsights, the global volume and market size of mcu has been growing steadily over the past five years, with the global mcu market growing from US$ 15,945 million in 2015 to US$ 20,692 million in 2020.
According to ihs data, China ' s mcu market has grown at an annual compound rate of 7.2% over the last five years, four times as high as the global mcu market in the same period, and China ' s mcu market reached 25.6 billion yuan in 2019. The growth rate in China ' s physical networking and the new energy automobile industry has been rapid.
Led by a world leader, downstream applications have maintained a strong demand for mcu products, and China’s mcu market continues to grow at a leading global rate. According to preliminary estimates, China’s mcu market was more than 26.8 billion yuan in 2020, with an increase of 5% compared to the previous year. With smart cars and smart hands,
In 21 years, the market is expected to be close to $29 billion. The market environment is highly concentrated, leading overseas.
If the suppliers are still dominated by foreign manufacturers, the industry is relatively concentrated, and the domestic Mcu chip manufacturer is more competitive only at the lower and middle end of the market. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the top five Mcu producers worldwide in 2019 were Risa Electronics, nxp, Tetele Electronics, English Flyer, and Microchip.
A highly competitive market environment drives improvements in production processes, and 32-bit mcu chips continue to increase.
The future demand for 32 mcu chips, such as autopilot information systems, advanced cruise control, oil gate control systems, automatic parking, etc., will increase significantly as the development environment increases. At the same time, the difference between 8 and 32 mcu prices is decreasing as the development environment continues to improve.
In addition, due to the fact that 32 microchip work frequencies are mostly between 100 and 350 mhz, low power is used to the core competitiveness of 32 microchip cores. ▪ Automobile electronics, engineering/medical, computer and consumer electronics are four main applications from mcu.
According to the market distribution for mcu end-use applications, according to the icinsights data, in 2019 the global mcu downstream applications were distributed mainly in the four main areas of automobile electronics, industrial control/medical, computer and consumer electronics. 33%, 25%, 23%, and 11%, respectively.
On the field, we believe that the area of vehicle and industrial control will be the main target market for the future development of the mcu industry in the global market. At the same time, as the requirements for mcu computing in the areas of automobile electronics, industrial control/medical care continue to grow, advanced processes drive down 32 bits of mcu costs and mcu product specifications.
Figure 65: Global product structure of the mcu industry 2019 Figure 66: Global downstream market distribution of the mcu 2019
The global market size of 32 mcu is expected to reach $10.67 billion in 2021. The number of icinsights shows that the global market size of 4/8 mcu was $3.36 billion in 2016, 16 mcu was $4.07 billion and 32 mcu was $10.11 billion.
$2.26 billion, 16 mcu at $3.28 billion and 32 mcu at $10.67 billion.  4/8 mcu (billions)  16 mcu (billions)  32 mcu (billions) 3.2arm and risc-v structures go hand in hand, with real meaning for national production substitution.
The arm structure differs from the risc-v structure. The arm structure is a processor architecture that uses a unique arm command set system and is developed according to different application paradigms.
Structure, the arm command set is a streamlined command set (risc) structure. The design of the arm architecture using a streamlined command set design is designed to reduce the effort significantly by using a small number of cycles at as high a clock as possible, as opposed to the cisc architecture processor.
The current arm architecture is designed for different types of computing, such as cortex-a, cortex-r, cortex-m processors. It is widely applied to embedded systems Designed to be low-cost, efficient and low-cost electricity, covering consumer electronics, and so on
The risc-v structure is based on a free open command set (isa) based on the principle of risc.
. The risc-v command set is fully open-sourced, simple and easy to transplant linux systems, using modular design, and has a complete tool chain.
Arm is a closed command set, with a large number of manufacturers using only arm structures that can only adjust the product frequency and power to their own needs, and cannot change the original design.
After decades of development, the arm architecture has become extremely complex and cumbersome, with thousands of pages of current arm architecture files, complex orders, numerous versions, incompatible with each other, support for modularization, and high patent and architecture authorization problems.
Positioning at the beginning of the design was a completely open-source architecture that circumvented decades of computer system development, with more than 200 pages of architecture documents, more than 40 basic instructions, a set of instructions that supported all structures, and modularization that allowed users to customize according to demand.
Configures different subsets of instructions. Thus, the Ric-v architecture is more autonomous and manageable.
90% of the market share. In emerging markets, such as the Internet, where there are numerous segmented markets, it is more advantageous to modify the instructions set and chip architecture design in a flexible way for different applications than to use arm for a standardized design, which is difficult to achieve.
Outside, the Internet market is more cost-sensitive, and the free authorization feature of risc-v is more attractive for chip manufacturers. So we think that in traditional areas, such as consumer electronics such as mobile phones, the arm structure has a dominant position, while in emerging areas such as the Internet, the risc-v have a dominant role to play.
It is hoped to defeat arm or take up a significant market share by, for example, command-set open sources. The MVI is the leading 32-mcu chip manufacturer in the country, with more than 500 million cumulative shipments and more than 20,000 customers.
The gd32 series, based on the armcorpexm core, is based on value for money. Because in the common industry area, the arm structure meets the needs of the networked applications, and there are well-developed industry chain partners that can meet the need for a unified architecture for seamless compatibility upstream and downstream.
So, in the mcu market, the main streaming product lines of Texas instruments, imitation semiconductors, nxp, etc. are all arm-based mcu-based products, and the company's mcu based on the arm-based is the leading product in China in the field of high-performance generic microcontrols.
To date, the company has set up 28 series of over 360 products, which cover the lower end of high school and are widely applied.
In industry and consumer-based embedded markets, applied to industrial automation, human interfaces, electromechanical controls, photovoltaic reverse transformers, security surveillance, digital power supply, power management, photo modules, smart household electricity and object networking. In May 2021, the company ' s mcu product was installed behind a car.
The market was applied, and the latest mcu product was expected to start streaming in June/July of 21 and was scheduled to enter the stock market by the end of 21. According to the ihsmarkit report, the company ranked third in China’s Armcorptex-mmcu market in 2018, with a pre-market share of 9.4 per cent.
The main mcu process nodes are currently concentrated in 180 nm-40 nm, with company products covering 180 nm, 110 nm, 55 nm and 40 nm. The company gd32e232 series mcu locks in 10g/25g
The middle- and low-end market has opened up the front-end customer channel for the module industry. gd32e501 series mcu focuses on the mid-end market of 100g/400g, mainly in the 5g base station, high-speed data centre and cloud servers. In addition, the rest of the arm architecture mcu covers industry extensively.
Automation, human interaction, security, smart homes, and access to things. The forward-looking risc-v architecture successfully developed the world’s first risc-vmcu. In 2019, the United States added some of China’s high-end technology firms to the list of entities in order to avoid the future arm architecture.
When technology is regulated, it is subject to a human situation, and companies start looking forward to mcu based on open-source free-of-charge risc-v architecture. In August 2019, the joint core came to a successful launch of the first global gd32v series of 32 generic mcu products based on risc-v kernels. 2020
Continue to advance the development of gd32v by supporting and continuously building the risc-v development ecology from chip to program code library, development packages, design programs, etc., fully applicable to industrial control, consumer electronics, emerging iot, margin computing, artificial intelligence and the depth of the vertical industry
Embedding market applications, moving away from human-restricted passivity, leading the way to capture future market shares. Chart 72: First 32-bit mcu products based on risc-v inner core Chart 73: First mcu product launch based on risc-v structure
Gd32v series rsc-v kernel 32-bit mcu “Now, Embrace the world of development with gd32v” mc-v business income is growing rapidly and the Māori rate continues to rise.
The smcu chip business has grown rapidly, reaching 39.92 per cent, and the last 20 years have seen revenues of 755 million yuan. 70.14 per cent more than the previous 20 years.
▪ We believe that we have benefited from national substitution and the upward trend of major mcu manufacturers abroad (q1 more than 10%). Gd32 of the company’s active layout and 32 generic mcu products based on risc-v are also expected to rise at q2-q4.
In June and July of this year, it is expected that the realization of production at the end of the year will also lead to an increase in revenue, with a doubling of the business of mcu expected throughout the year.
• Acquisition of Slender into sensor business, business synergy, and growth space. Improve business layout, and raise growth space. Slv is the leading smart man in the domestic market, the supplier of solutions, and the product ends up moving a new generation of intelligence, such as touch and control chips and fingerprint chips.
The end-sensor Soc chip is dominated and is widely applied to smart mobile Internet terminals, with high barriers to technological capabilities and markets. Cid data show that the global fingerprint identification chip in 2019 was about $4.17 billion in size, and China was 1.51 billion in size, and is projected for 2020.
In the course of the year, the company acquired a small amount of technology that not only complemented the R & D capabilities in sensors, signal processing, algorithms and human interaction, but also enhanced the product-based capabilities of the relevant technological areas, but also completed the three full business layouts of “storage, control, sensorization”, which further increased the company's failure.
Figure 76: Size of the global and Chinese fingerprint recognition chip market 2015-2020e Global fingerprint recognition chip size ($ billion)  China fingerprint recognition chip market size ($$ billion) Companies and Slim also create synergies in existing supply chains, customer resources and sales channels
Positive complementarities exist. As a high-quality supplier in areas such as industrial control, auto electronics, and so on, innovation can improve the penetration of corporate products by using Slim's superior customer resources in smartphones and tablets.
The technology supports the technological upgrading of existing chip products and the further growth of market ownership, and the public sector’s branding influence will be increased more widely. Richmond’s performance against gambling failures will not affect the company’s long-term development.
In 2018, 2019 and 2020, the audited net return to the mother ' s profit was accumulated at no less than $321 million. In 2018, the sum of $959.719 million net return to the mother ' s profit was realized by Slim, and in 2019, the sum of $91.230.2 was realized by Smud, with cumulative performance commitments.
In 2020, as a result of the impact of the new crown epidemic, Shil Wei achieved only 4942.81 million yuan in net profit on the back of the mother, the uncommitted profit index, and the gambler failed. But the Chinese mobile phone market recovered against the spread of the new crown vaccine.
As a result, we believe that the failure of the gambling system does not affect the long-term development of the company, that once the epidemic is brought under control, the market will gradually recover, and that the performance of the company is expected to improve.
Profit predictions and their necessary explanation Noorflash products: In terms of capacity, the company ' s noor product will gradually be exchanged from 65 nm to 55 nm, which will lead to an expansion of capacity, and we expect the company ' s noor output to increase at the same rate in 21-23 years.
Nandflash products: the reason why the company ' s Nandflash products were previously limited to preparation and good rates, the volume of product exports grew slowly, and product markets were expected to become more competitive after the switch from 38 nm to 24 nm. Dram products: the company drams were mainly marketed and owned and were expected to be sold in the 21st, 22nd and 23rd years
Mcu Products: Benefiting from national substitution and price increases by major mcu manufacturers abroad, the company ' s positive layout of gd32 and the first release of 32 generic mcu products based on the rrisc-v kernel are expected to increase in volume. Sensor chips: mainly micro-business, 20 years of underperformance by the epidemic-affected micro-performance, but with
With the continued increase in the income share of large-volume products and the sustained expansion of high-end markets, the Māori rate is expected to remain stable for 21 years, but we expect that noor prices will begin to fall in 22 years and that the replacement costs will increase after the 55nm process is switched, and that the Māori rate for the Nár product is expected to drop slightly in 22 to 23 years.
The process shift will increase the competitiveness of the company ' s Nand product market, and Māori rates are expected to remain fairly stable, given the maturity of the company ' s main business and the wide scope for development such as storage, but given the company ' s many new products and the need for sustained staff input.
The company is valued using the municipal rate method, and the company is expected to return to the parent net Le Weir shares, Chewie shares, St. Vincent shares and the Star semiconductor as comparable companies in 2021-2023, with a wind one to be expected, 65 times higher than the company ' s average perpe in 2022. We look at the company as a domestic storage core.
The market position of the leading industry, with its higher profitability and growing R & D inputs, is gradually turning into a market advantage, compared to the booming boom and the wave of Chinese electricity. With the noorflash product of the 55nm process, self-researched drams, and the cycle of price hikes in the chain of industry, adding up to the national product.
The speedier industrial cycle and macro-environment are good, and we believe that companies have several times the space to grow, with a pool of 181.42 dollars/shares, and continue to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The base is extremely high, and large multinational corporations, Samsung, Hercules and Light, are more powerful in R & D capabilities, customer base, market experience, brand name and visibility, and their research and development of dram products may not be as fast as expected, given the technological thresholds and the impact of foreign giants.
The price of raw materials rises. The chip runs short, the crystal-crystal production becomes more risky. We expect the crystal-crystal generation to run short until 22 years q1-q2 and, as the surrogate capacity continues to be strained, there is a risk of sanctions for the creation of new and renewable raw materials.
The risks associated with the listing of entities, the existence of business synergies between companies and the compost glutinous dram products, and the possibility of further cooperation with the late silicon dram products, would have a negative impact on the company ' s dram operations if the compost gluten was added to the list of United States entities.
Appendix: Based on history, storage technology has led to two changes in the semiconductor industry: 6.1 The current state of the global semiconductor storage industry.  Semiconductors can be divided by product into four main categories: separators, optical electrons, sensors and integrated circuits.
The highest proportion of semiconductor value is integrated circuits, which consist mainly of simulated chips, microconductors 6%, photoelectronics 10%, sensors 3%, integrated circuits 81%.
The value of the memory chip and the logical chip in the entire semiconductor industrial chain is thus the most significant. The global semiconductor is expected to be $48.8 billion in 2021, with the storage chip accounting for 26%.
The storage chip, also known as semiconductor storage, is used as a storage medium with semiconductor circuits to store binary data memory devices, which are an important part of modern digital systems. History shows that the chip industry accounts for 1/4-1/3 of the global semiconductor industry. wsts data
The global semiconductor market was shown to be $412,307 billion in 2019, of which the storage chip market was $10.644 billion, or 25.8 per cent of the semiconductor industry sales, and is expected to lead the semiconductor industry twice in 20-21.
Since the semiconductor industry was formed in the United States in the 1970s, the global semiconductor industry has been completed in two major shifts: the first was in the 70s-80s, when Japan achieved catch-up with the United States through high-quality, technology-led and bulk-quantified production on industrial grade pc dram, 1980-80s.
During 1986, the semiconductor city of the United States fell from 61 per cent to 43 per cent, while Japan rose from 26 per cent to 44 per cent, the dram sector from up to 80 per cent, the semiconductor industry shifted from the United States to Japan and achieved representative manufacturers such as Toshiba, Matsumoto and Yoki; the second was in the 1980s and 1990s, because of the United States.
The suppression of the country and the collapse of the economic bubble, the severe setback of the Japanese semiconductor, the combination of technical support from the Republic of Korea and Taiwan to the United States, and the opportunity to move beyond Japan to the field of dram through the introduction of digestive absorption and re-innovation, with the rise of home pc, high-speed dram R & D and large-scale production advantages.
Later on, Taiwan focused on crystal-rounding and sealing, becoming the dominant in the vertical sphere, and by mid-90, the global semiconductor industry completed its transition from Japan to South Korea and Taiwan. “National institutions plus production and research technologies plus low-cost high-quality strategies” helped Japan to defeat the US as a global player.
In 1971, Nec launched Japan’s first 1 kdram chip, but by the time the United States entered the Vlsi era, Japan was still in the lsi era, where technological power and product performance differed considerably from that of the United States. At the same time, the rise of large industrial aircraft and the market’s demand for industrial pcdram were not favourable.
In 1976, the Ministry of Technology of Japan took the lead in breaking the technical barriers, using as backbone the leading companies of Hitachi, Mitsubishi, Fujitsu, Toshiba, Nec and the Ministry of Electrical Technology (eil), and the Japan Institute of Industrial Technology.
Millions of yen (of which the Japanese government has contributed 32 billion yen) to the technological difficulties of building a super-large integrated circuit dram. In 1980, the Japan vlsi Joint Research and Development announced the completion of a four-year “vlsi” project, the main results of which included electronic beam exposure devices, the use of ultraviolet, x-rays, etc.
The combination of electronic beams, modeling devices, dry etching devices, etc., and the technological integration of enterprises ensured that the dram production rate was as high as 80%, well above 50% in the United States, which constituted an overwhelming overall cost advantage. From 1980 to 1986, the US semiconductor market fell from 61% to 43%, while Japan
It rose from 26% to 44%, establishing Japan’s dominant position in the dram market at the time. The South Korean wind of home-based pc, based on high-speed R & D and large-scale production advantages for dram, has moved from imitation, R & D to autonomous innovation, and beyond Japan’s becoming a global semiconductor market.
The rise of the semiconductor industry in Korea is based on two factors: on the one hand, the strong contribution of Korean firms with higher learning skills to the rapid momentum of research and development in the country’s dram field, and on the other hand, South Korean firms have a certain advantage in investment, structure, and technology. And, by means of large-scale production, one.
Step-by-step expansion of its market share, especially with the endorsement by the US Semiconductor Standardization Commission of the Samsung Electronics “dram two-way data flow options”, where the dram became a match for the mpu. The Korean-ic product began to spread around the world.
In 1993, the US regained its first position with 43% of the global semiconductor market share, and Japan with 40%. Meanwhile, Korean and Taiwanese manufacturers began to expand their supply to customers.
In 1994, Korea and Taiwan together accounted for 10% of the global market, equivalent to the share of the European market. By the end of the 1990’s, Japan’s share of manufacturers fell to 28% as a result of the success of the US and the rise of Korean and Taiwanese manufacturers.
By 1998, when Japanese and American manufacturers struggled in the dram market, Korean manufacturers pushed for the development and investment of plants and equipment in the dram field, surpassing Japan in 1998, thus taking the lead.
Taiwan’s path to integrated circuit development is marked by a sealing link, with a different path, starting with a proxy, seeking a place in the global chip. The crystal circle, driven by the industry, forms an industrial cluster consisting of design, masking, chip making, encapsulation, testing, etc.
Firms, guided by the trend toward division of labour, focus on design like ic, e.g., e.g., molybdenum, silicon, and so on. Looking at the process of these two industrial transfers, it can be seen that the common ground begins with the storage business, that is, Japan and South Korea are gradually becoming stronger from storage entry, and driving the whole chain of industry to improve.
Before the rise of mainland China, the global semiconductor industry was undergoing a third industrial shift, and China, with its strong capital, policy, technology (brain) and strong industrial cluster effects, is gradually becoming the third semiconductor industry transfer, and it is expected to accelerate the breakthrough in the area of storage.
6.3 We have a weak foundation in the semiconductor storage industry, with a huge national production replacement space  and a global consumption rate of about 53 per cent of China's semiconductor, but a self-sufficiency rate of only 17.5 per cent of the semiconductor industry. ibs data show that China consumed about 53 per cent of the global total in 2019, and it is expected that China will consume about 53 per cent of the world's semiconductors in 2019.
By 2030, this share will rise to about 58%. In terms of consumption structure, Chinese enterprises accounted for about 11.5% of China’s consumption in the semiconductor, mainly personal computers, and the rest for export. By 2019, China’s consumption rate had risen to 43%, mainly in China.
In the area of smart phones, data centres, cars, etc., China’s consumption of semiconductors is expected to rise to 69% in 2030. But, according to the semiconductor supply chain, China’s self-sufficiency rate for semiconductors was only 17.5% by 2020, and it is expected to rise to 69% by 2030.
Forty%, or 60% of semiconductors, still need to be imported, and there is a huge national alternative space. In the storage industry alone, Asia’s storage chip market is over 60% of the world’s size, China’s 37% of the Nand market, and China’s 34% of the dram market, which is the world’s number one.
And second. Wsts data show that the size of the global memory chip market by region in 2019 was the highest of 63% in Asia, followed by 19% in the United States, 10% in Europe, and 9% in Japan. Sub-products, according to yoe, in 2019, in the global dram chip market,
With the rise of continental markets, the global semiconductor industry is moving for the third time, despite our growing demand for semiconductors and their growing market size.
China's strong market demand, policy, technology (brains), and strong industrial clustering are becoming the third semiconductor transfer, and moving into storage is expected to accelerate breakthroughs.
Demand is growing in the storage sector. In 2019, big data reserves reached 9.3 zb, which is in 2015, reflecting a rapid rise in demand for the storage industry, and in 2020, our information storage market model has broken 500 billion yuan.
▪ China ' s Big Data Storage (zb) ▪ size of China ' s information storage market (millions of yuan)
In terms of core basic components, the policy objective is to accelerate the catch-up of domestic producers at the technical level.
A breakthrough has been made in some areas, gradually narrowing the gap with the former plants abroad. Among them, the omens are easily created in the first three parts of the netflash market, where the cluster shares are marketed in the eeprom chip area, and the third place in the world, where the Yangtze stored 128 layers of 3dnand storage chips, skips 96 floors directly, plus
After more than a decade of technological build-up, China has now largely formed a complete industrial chain, with the formation of long triangles, bead triangles, the Kyawing Sea and four major industries in the central and western parts of China.
Regional production efficiency should be strengthened further, and the division of labour and collaboration within the region should be deepened. At the same time, our home-grown electronics industry has grown rapidly, becoming a major producer of electronics, and the technological and market capabilities of home-grown chip-set enterprises have grown rapidly. As of November 2020, China was in the process of becoming a major producer of electronics.
From 2015 to 2020, our integrated circuit industry has grown at an annual rate of more than 15 per cent. Overall, we believe that the trend towards semiconductor power is based on the economic and technological dimensions and the determination of the country to develop semiconductors by cutting into storage.
Figure 99: Mid- and Out-Store Chipmaker vs. Point Figure 100: Analysis of Report Rating Ratios in the Market at present in our Semiconductor
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment