Researchchand developmentcenter lane is blocked and long, and the line will be opened.
..the depth report of the company's 603986, dated 17 June 2021, Liu Chilai Research Assistant.
The path is long, and the line will go to the domestic storage taps, and the mcu will go to the wind.
The microchip design company for the storage technology and the ic solution. Micro-innovation continues to widen the product line and now forms three sets of business matrices: flash chip, microcontrol unit, mcu, intelligent interactive sensor chip, and overall solution.
Operations form three major business structures centred on the storage of +mcu+ sensors. Characteristics such as high properties, speed of reading, executable codes, which are used mainly to store codes and parts of data, have performance and cost advantages in medium- and low-capacity applications, mainly in mobile phones, pc, roofs, etc.
The netflash market has grown steadily in recent years with the growth of demand in the downstream markets of tws headphones, adas, 5g base stations, amoled, tddi, etc. The size of the netflash market in 2017, according to the Advisory Body cinno, was approximately $2.41 billion in 2017.
The market is expected to grow to $3.72 billion in 2022. Currently third in the noorflash market, the product process is shifting to a 55nm platform, with the process upgrading leading to a reduction in product power and performance, and a smaller encapsulation that helps companies to remain industry leaders.
The company ' s first branded dram product (19nm process, 4gb) was launched on 3 June, from design, streaming to national production for sealing and certification, and the company ' s dram product has a fairly high degree of overlap with its current client base, giving the company access to the entire customer base.
There is a high degree of synergy in resources, such as technical support. Moreover, partnerships with the rich and the rich have enabled the Division to provide sustainable and stable supplies that better meet downstream needs.
The recent increase and decline in January (%) is expected to be between 8% and $14.9 billion in the overall market size of the mcu, due to a weak chain and a slowdown in car sales. But as the epidemic improves, downstream markets recover rapidly, and the global mcu market recovers steadily.
The share of the share in circulation a (%) is US$. Focusing on the Chinese market, the ihs data show that the average annual size of the Chinese market mcu has reached 25.6 billion yuan in China for the last five years.
The entire mcu application consists of car regulations, industrial regulations and consumption, with different products for different markets. The company ' s gd32 is the dominant product in China ' s 32-digit generic mccu field, with 28 series of over 360 products available for market choice, and product coverage is at the top of the market and is widely applied to industry and industry.
Consumer-type embedded markets. Companies generated 750 million yuan in 2020, an increase of 70.1 per cent in the same year, and sales grew rapidly. According to the company ' s annual report, in 2020 they sold about 190 million, an increase of almost 76 per cent in the same year.
At the Mmcu market, where the company ranked third in sales in 2018 with a 9.4 per cent market share, the company has been technologically innovative and market advanced in the general mcu sector, and the mainstream mcu process nodes are now concentrated at 180 nm ~ 40 nm, a promising new development of the mcu product in 2020.
The products are at 40 nm and are at the forefront of the industry. At the same time, companies are actively setting up super-low-acting markets, carmcu markets such as traditional body control, high-performance industry controls, multimedia controls, etc., and are launching packages of pmic and mosfetdriver products around mcu.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
With regard to storage operations, the industry as a whole has grown in recent years as a result of the push of the downstream markets of iot equipment, auto electron, amoled, tddi, etc. The size of the market was estimated at $2.41 billion in 2017, according to the advisory body cinno, and the market is expected to grow to $3.72 billion in 2022.
The third place in the market is where the product process is shifting to a 55nm platform, where the process upgrades lead to a reduction in product power and performance, as well as a smaller encapsulation to help the company maintain its industry leadership. The company’s first branded dram (19nm, 4gb) was officially launched on 3 June, and it was launched on 3 June.
Design, streaming, national production through sealing, certification, and the high overlap between the company’s dram products downstream and current client groups allow the company to have a high degree of synergy in resources such as channels and technical support for the entire client community. Moreover, partnerships with the compost and the compost have enabled the company to be sustainable and stable in the supply of goods, better able to meet downstream demand.
Inputs from the product are expected to further improve the company ' s storage product lines and open up the vast future market space.2 In the business of mcu, the current mainstream mcu process nodes are concentrated in 180 nm~40 nm, with new mcu products ready for launch in 2020 at 40 nm platform, where they are at the forefront of the industry.
Keeping technologically innovative and market-friendly is also being actively deployed in super-low-power markets, in automcu markets such as traditional body control, new energy vehicles, new applications, high-performance industry control, multimedia control, and so on, for example, the company’s latest mcu product is scheduled to start streaming in June/July 2021, and it is planned to enter production by the end of this year. In addition, the company will be around the future.
In the vicinity of mcu, a package of pmic and mosfetdriver products will be launched.
Created in 2005, Micro-Innovation is a chip design company for focused memory technology and solution ic. It has a new and expanding product line, and now forms three sets of business matrices: flash chip, microcontrolluit, mcu, smart machine interactive sensor chips, and overall solutions, depending on the three main lines of business.
The company’s flash chip products are mainly noorflash and nadflash. Noorflash, the code-type flash chip, is used mainly to store codes and a small amount of data. The company’s noorflash products are widely used on the pc panel, on the roof of the digital machine.
Boxes, routers, home gateways, security surveillance products, artificial intelligence, object networking, appliance devices, car electronics, etc. Nandflash, a data flash chip, is used for data storage and the company's nandflash products are widely used for network communications, voice storage, smart television, industrial control, roof box, printer, wearing equipment, etc.
The company emblem controller products are mainly 32-bit generic mcu based on the armcortex-m series, with the gd32 series playing the main role and containing 28 series of more than 360 products. The product coverage is well in the forefront of the market and is widely applied to industry and consumption. The embedded market applies to industrial automation, human interfaces, electrical control, photovoltaic reverse transformers, security surveillance, digital power sources, etc.
Power management, light modules, smart home appliances, and object networking. The main products of corporate sensors include capacitors, fingerprint recognition chips, a wide range of sensor modules for a new generation of smart mobile terminals, and applications for industrial automation, vehicle-borne interfaces, and networking of things that require an interactive solution for smart people.
In the area of ultrasound products that companies are working on, there is a wide demand for fingerprint recognition, heart rate testing, blood pressure testing, etc., in the area of mobile phones and clothing.
Income doubles operating income over a two-year period. In terms of the breakdown of operations, the company contributes to three broad categories of business, of which chip operations benefit from tws headphones, 5g base stations, and a fast spread of the oled screens. The company’s noorflash is rising at a very high price, with the corresponding increases in revenue reaching $1.84 billion, $2.56 billion and $3.28 billion, respectively, between 2018 and 2020.
And with the company’s presence in the dram field, there is a wide space for future storage. The company’s mcu product line is widening, the latest mcu product will start streaming in June-July 2021, and the market for cars and so on is opening up. On sensors, the company’s acquisition of microscopic growth is steadily growing, and the ultrasound, tof-type products are also being actively developed.
The company ' s 1q21 growth trend continues at a relatively rapid pace, with excellent performances in revenue collection, net profit ratio/ring ratio. Figure 4: Māori rates and net interest rates for the corporate years of innovation are gradually moving up in absolute terms, but mainly because of increasing R&D investment, R&D is being developed by the company 2018-2021q1.
The expansion of corporate product lines has played a positive role, thus laying a solid foundation for long-term development.
Figure 9: Tremendous ratio of R & D staff by 2020 Figure 8: Growing number of M & D staff by M & D by 2020
The real owner of the mega-innovation is Chu Immin, who holds 8.49% of the company’s shares directly. Hong Kong wins 4.86% of the infogrid shares and is a co-operator of the controlling shareholders, so Mr. Chu has 13.36% of the voting rights for the oscillated-innovation shares. In addition, the large fund holds about 6.69% of the company’s shares.
CSI Investments Ltd., a company that is not shy in terms of talent incentives, carried out stock options and restricted stock incentives in 2021, with a total input of 612.84.
Ten thousand shares, covering a wide range of staff, further develop and improve corporate long-term incentives. The motivation to attract and retain good talent, fully mobilize senior managers, managers, core and cadres of the company, and effectively combine shareholder interests, corporate interests, and the individual interests of the core team to bring common concern to the public.
Number of people awarded: managers, core and bones Number awarded: managers, core and cadres (280)
Two, the storage of large trade lanes is blocked and long, and the future is not lost, and as downstream applications become more intelligent, the importance of the semiconductor as the core becomes more important, and the overall size of the industry increases.
High ship. Even with the impact of many adverse factors, such as the epidemic, according to World Semiconductor Trade Statistics Association wsts, the global semiconductor market grew to $4.404 billion in 2020, compared to $251.8 billion in 2013, with an average annual recovery growth rate of 8.3 per cent.
Figure 12: Global semiconductor market size Figure 13: Global semiconductor product structure, 2020
The storage chip is an important part of the semiconductor industry and is an important vehicle for data storage with a wide range of applications and a high market share, accounting for about 26.7 per cent of sales in the semiconductor industry as a whole in 2020 and, in absolute terms, with communications technology.
Upgrade, with increasing demand for data storage, the importance of storage chips in the semiconductor industry will increase, with the global storage chip market of $12.6 billion in 2020, an increase of 14.8 per cent over the year, based on data from the ic insights, and predicting a faster increase over the next 2-3 years.
Depending on whether or not the information stored after the power break is kept, the stored chip is divided into lossable storage chips and non-lossive storage chips. The lost storage chip will not be able to save the data after the circuit break. The representative product has drams and srams, which are in absolute mainstream, and srams, although fast to read and write, are relatively expensive due to their low degree of integration.
Mostly used in cpu's first- and second-tier caches. The non-lossy storage chip retains data after the power is out of place, representative of the product is Nandflash and nonorflash. According to the projections of icinsights, the dram is the largest segment in the 2021 storage chip market, accounting for about 56% of the total storage market, and the nad and noor are respectively in possession.
About 41%, 2%, while other storage devices like eeprom account for only about 1%.1 Downstream demand is growing, and noorflash is high, and nadflash and noorflash are both non-frustible storage chips.
Write and erase speed, with a longer life span, mostly for large-volume data storage, such as smartphones, tablet computers, u disks, solid-state hard disks, servers, etc.
Mainly applied in the areas of cell phones, pc, acetex boxes, object networking equipment, and in recent years, with the growth of demand in downstream markets such as tws headphones, adas, 5g base stations, amoled, tddi, etc., the nonflash market has been steadily developing, according to the Advisory Body ' s figure: 18: NOORflash versus the field of application of nadflash
Figure 19: Noorflash market size tws headphone drivers are significant. In 2016, apples launched the airpods series, with ultra-low connections delayed, seamlessly used experience, leading to the development of the entire tws headphone industry.
More functions are needed, so a nonflash is needed to store codes and solids. As the manufacturer optimizes the use of experience, adds more control functions, tws headphones need to keep up to date with solids, and the capacity needs of norflash are growing, from the earliest 8mb-16mb, to 32m-128mb or even 256m.
In 2020, despite the effects of the epidemic, tws headphones continued to be sold, and according to the advisory body, 230 million items were delivered globally, an increase of 78 per cent over the previous year, and the projected global tws headphones in 2021 were estimated to be 310 million, a 33 per cent increase over the same period. Apples occupied the top of the market and introduced new functions, such as noise reduction and empty space.
In the future, as other brand manufacturers follow up and add more features to the tws headphones, the corresponding fixes and code programs are increasing, and the performance and capacity of norflash will be gradually increased, thus driving the demand for nor flash.
Figure 22: Market share of tws headphones in 2020 Figure 23: Market share of tws headphones in 2021
1) The tddi chip combines the display drive chip and the touch control, making mobile electronic equipment lighter, longer, lower, more effective, and has become the dominant technology for mobile terminal display and touch control, and is rapidly expanding penetration of hundreds of millions of pieces, an increase of 8.6 per cent compared to the projected volume of 95 million pieces of tddi chips, an increase of 46.2 per cent compared to the 46.2 per cent.
The size of the tddi contact function code is such that it cannot be integrated into the tddi chip, that it is necessary to store and support tddi ' s parameter adjustment by hanging a norflash from 4-16m, so that as tddi penetration continues to rise, the market demand in norflash will rise.
2) Amoled quickly occupied the small-sized screen market with light, pixel point independent light, and, because of materials, processes, some products have been shown to exhibit uneven brightness, which becomes mura. In order to show more even results, it is necessary to calculate the compensation data for de-mura based on mura data.
The data from de-mura will then be stored in noorlash, and the data from de-mura will be read when the images are shown, thus improving the impact of the images. With the increased penetration of amoled, the demand for neorflash will grow and the resolution of the screen will increase, and the amount of de-mura 's compensation data will become larger, and the amount of noor is needed.
Figure 26: Smart phones from various technologies show screen ratios between 2018 and 2027, and with the trend towards car electricization, intelligence, network connectivity, electric cars are growing rapidly and autopilots are also considered to be differences.
In 2024, according to the advisory body idc, the global volume of class 1 autopilots will reach approximately 34.95 million and the number of cagr in 2020-2024 will be 16.9%, while level 2 autopilots will grow rapidly in 2024, with the corresponding functions of adas, car-borne entertainment, etc., increasing the number of car-loading procedures.
For electronic devices with high start speed requirements, such as monitors for auto dashboards, adas systems, back-up images, tpms tire pressure monitoring, etc., noorflash has wide application space because of its xip characteristics. Noorflash markets are also expected to benefit as the sales of electric vehicles increase.
The technology process continues to leapfrog, and the technology process has led to innovation, and innovation, as the industry’s leading storage company, has been deep-drawn for years, and continues to leapfrog at the technical and methodological levels. With light and cypress starting to phase out mid- and low-end neorflash chip production in 2016 and 2017, respectively, noor
The flash market, driven by robust growth in the tws headphones, smart mobile terminals, automobile electronics, etc. Increase in the share of manufacturers such as MFIs. According to the Advisory Body, the 1q20 MX market share has reached 18%.
More than 37% are higher than companies like Wanghong and Wah Bong in the same industry. From a product point of view, companies have launched the first 8-channel spi product in the country that meets the requirements for high performance; 256m, 512m, etc., for high reliability and high performance areas such as industrial controls, automobiles and electronics; and have certified the gd25 whole series according to the aecq100 standard.
In terms of the product process, the company’s noorflash has gradually moved from 65nm to 55nm, with a 55nm advanced process product with many advantages, not only its performance, compared to the previous generation of process products.
Higher, and with a 1mb to 2gb-rich capacity selection with lower capacity, reading costs were only 6-8 ma at 133mhz, 30% lower than the previous generation, 45% lower than the industry level. And the size of the envelope is smaller, supporting more envelopes and smaller envelopes in equal size, reducing the size of the board, and meeting the diversity of new applications today.
In addition to noorflash, there is also a strong innovation in Nandflash’s business, with a major focus on slcnandflash, which is used in mobile devices, machine cap boxes, data cards, television, etc.
Other suppliers, such as Light and Light Technologies, focus on large-volume nandflash, are now mainly Chinese producers in Taiwan and mainland China, including Chinese electronics, magnostics, magnostics, etc., where Chinese electronics and magnostics occupy a higher share of the market, and domestic firms will have a good opportunity to develop as the demand for national production increases.
The current slcnand mainstream process node is 19 nm-38nm, the company mature process node is 38 nm, and the products of the 24nm industrial node have already been produced in volume. The product capacity currently being produced covers the mainstream capacity range from 1 gb to 8 gb, with voltage covering 1.8v and 3.3v, providing both traditional parallel interfaces and new spi interfaces.
24nm will be one of the company ' s main process nodes in slcnand.3 The dram business is advancing steadily, the dram market is more competitive, opening up long-term growth space, and Samsung, Light and Hercules are industry-dominated for a long time, in the fourth quarter of 2020
In terms of applications, smartphones, servers, pcs account for about 86% of the demand, while China is the main electronic end product production area, and therefore has a higher demand for dram, based on wsts data.
China consumed more than 40 per cent of the global dram chips in 2018, the world’s leading storage chip consumer.Figure 33: dram manufacturer’s own brand share (4q20), figure 34: dram’s respective downstream market distribution (2019)
In terms of the breakdowns, smartphones are in a steady phase after 2015, with about 1.4 billion shipments per year. In a stable total market, brands have changed much, small and medium brands have been disowned, and domestic Hmov-represented domestic manufacturers have risen rapidly.
As the volume of mobile software increases, the amount of drams needed in the future will increase, and the high capacity of drams will sink to lower-to-low-middle-priced hands.
The global demand for data centres continues to grow, with servers, the largest component of data centre costs, rapidly expanding markets. According to Advisory Body idc, the global server market reached $65.21 billion in the first three quarters of 2020.
Focusing on China’s server market, the country as a whole accounts for about 2-3% of the world’s total, while Xinhua, Xinhua, Xinhua, Xinhua, Xinhua, and others, have significant competitiveness and share in the global market. As cloud computing, ai, etc., emerges, the demand for drams on servers will grow robustly in the future.
As far as the pc market is concerned, the external impact of the 2020 epidemic has stimulated the need for online work and learning, and has triggered a more computer-friendly trend. According to the advisory body, Gartner, the total volume of pc shipments in 2020 was 275 million, an increase of 4.8%. In addition to the demand for work, online games have also contributed to the change of hardware for pc, which is getting closer to the real painting.
On the other hand, the amount of data is demanding not only for card numeracy, but also for dram capacity. According to the world’s largest playing platform, steam, the recommended profile for the 2015 mainstream 3a game is 6gb, while the main dram capacity used by users in 2021 is 16gb, and the share of drams in 16gb and above continues to rise.
Figure 41: More than 20 million active users of the platform, Figure 42: Memory distribution of users of the platform, although only 2 per cent of the total dram market is driven by autopilot, car-borne entertainment, etc.
In the future, the vehicle storage industry is growing faster. According to the advisory body Trendforce, it is estimated that in 2021, the dram per vehicle will be about 4 gb. As electric cars become popular, the penetration rate of auto-drives will increase, and the dram per vehicle will increase, with the dram per vehicle increasing by more than 30% over the next three years.
As in the case of Szla, Models/x uses 8gb dram, while Model3 rises to 14gb, and the next generation of drams are expected to continue to rise. Thus, there is ample room for growth in future drams. According to the consultant gartner, the market size of vehicle holdings will grow from $2.4 billion in 2020 to $6.3 billion in 2024.
With the commercialization of 5g, cloud computing, the pull of idc operations and the demand for drams in the areas of automobiles, goods networking, the demand for drams at the end of pc, servers, mobile phones, and other consumer electronics and emerging industries has grown significantly, bringing about development opportunities for integrated circuit design enterprises. According to Sadie's consultants, the market size of the country is projected to be dram by 2021.
In a situation where there is an urgent need for import substitution, various domestic electronics manufacturers will be important customers of dram chips, and the dram sector markets will be promising. The mega-innovation will be released in public in June 2020, raising some 4.3 billion dollars to invest in dram chip R & D and production.
Industrialization project, where company-planned dram products include ddr3, lpdddr3, dddr4, lpddr4, which was officially launched on 1xnm day, achieved national production from design, streaming, to sealing, certification, towards the roof box, television, surveillance, network communications, tablet computers, intelligent families, car-borne sound systems, etc., and fully met the mainstream of consumer electronics
The client group of the company’s dram products and the current client group have a considerable overlap that allows the company to have a high degree of synergy of resources throughout the customer’s channels and technical support, as well as throughout the process of innovation. Moreover, partnerships with the composts also provide companies with the ability to provide sustainable and stable supplies that can better meet downstream demand.
A step-by-step refinement of the company’s storage product line to open up the vast market space of the future.
mcu (microcontrollerunit), a microcontrolr, is a computer that integrates the central processor, the memory, the timer/counter (timer/counter), the various input output interfaces, even the lcd-driven circuits, into a chip, forming a core layer.
Other hardware) which is characterized as “light and small” and can be applied to network communications, computers, auto electronics, industrial controls, etc. Figure 45: Structure of mcu
By 2020, the global e-supply chain affected by the epidemic will be weakened and car sales will slow down, with the overall market size of the mcu falling by 8% to $14.9 billion. But as the epidemic improves, downstream markets recover rapidly, the global mcu market recovers steadily, and according to the advisory body icinsights, the overall size is expected to reach $18.8 billion in 2023.
According to statistics, the average annual compound growth rate (cagr) in China ' s mcu market in the last five years was 7.2%, which is four times the growth rate in the global mcu market in the same period, reaching 25.6 billion yuan in 2019. As China ' s goods network and new-energy automobile industry are at the forefront of global growth, driven by a strong demand for mcu products from downstream applications, China maintains a strong demand for them.
The mcu market continues to grow at a leading global rate. Figure 47: Global mcu market size. Figure 48: Global mcu volume
In terms of mcu’s downstream structure, China is slightly different from the global market. In the global market, car electronics account for about a third of the mcu market, and in the industrial/medical and computer sectors for about a quarter, while consumer electronics account for about a quarter of the total.
The largest application market, about one quarter. Figure 49: Global share of downstream mcu market applications  Automobile electronics / medical — computer networks — consumer electronics — other
▪ Consumer computer-based network-based computer-based car-based smart card-based industrial controls can be divided into four, eight, 16 and 32 places according to the data bits of the processor. The higher the handler's number, the faster it operates, the larger the storage space it supports. As downstream applications are upgraded, the mcu is gradually moving to 32 places.
Thirty-two micromcus of the arm core, with good ecology and excellent outreach, are gradually becoming the core of global electronics and industrial electronics consumption. Most 32mcu jobs are in the range of 100-350mhz, with better processing capacity and implementation effectiveness and wider applications than 8/16. Moreover, with the introduction of advanced processors, 32 mcu are produced.
This is a year-on-year decline. So 32 mcu will continue to grow at a high rate. According to icinsights, in 2019, 32 mcu accounted for 62 per cent, 16 for 23 per cent, and 4/8 for 15 per cent. By 2024, 32 mcu are expected to outperform the dominant share of semiconductor companies abroad in terms of the pattern of competition in the market and to gather mainly in the head, according to British flights.
In 2019, the top ten mcu manufacturers abroad accounted for 89.2% of the world’s market share. Domestic markets are still dominated by overseas producers, with the top nine accounting for 75.8%, but companies represented by magnified innovation, mediocre electronics, etc. are also making great strides in the mcu field, with product lines gradually widening and associated collections constantly increasing.
Focusing on car-borne mcu, electronic control units (ecu) in cars include power systems, safety systems, body systems, information and entertainment systems, and adas, all of which are required to reach mcu. According to the advisory body ihs, ecu is produced at least 30 different types of ecu or more in all vehicle areas, e.g., Bozo, mainland and electrical.
In the case of adas, for example, adas usually use multiple sensors, such as ultrasound radars, laser radars, and vehicle cameras to construct functions such as aeb emergency brakes, self-adaptation cruises, which usually need to be matched to mcu, and the higher the level of adas, the more the mcu is required.
In addition, with auto automation, electricization, intelligence and network connectivity, the share of electronic components on board has gradually increased, and the market is expected to continue to grow as an important component of ecu. Figure 55: mcu used in cars
Figure 56: Drivers of the car mcu market automotivemcumarketdrivers. For participants in the car-car chip market, British Eagle, Engji Pu, Risa are still the main manufacturers and dominate, in particular
In the area of vehicle-borne mcu, where three shares are close to 80%, domestic manufacturers are slightly weak and do not yet have a significant market share. No, as domestic car manufacturers progress, new power in car-making rises, with domestic semiconductors represented by oscillating innovation, the domestic electronics supply chain is expected to break down gradually.
Figure 57: Global car chip suppliers, 2020. Mainstream mcu process nodes are now concentrated at 180 nm~40 nm, and the promising new development product Mcu products in 2020 are at 40 nm platform, leading the industry. The full mcu application consists of car rules, work rules, consumption, etc., needles.
The company ' s gd32, the dominant product in China ' s 32-digit generic mcu area, offered market options with 28 series of over 360 products, and product coverage was firmly at the top of the market, widely applied to the industrial and consumer categories.
According to the ihsmarkit report, companies ranked third in China ' s armcortex-mmcu market in 2018, with a market share of 9.4 per cent, and the first two, the idiocentric semiconductor (stmicroetechlics) and the Enchilpool semiconductor (nxp), respectively.
The company has been technologically innovative and market-friendly in the area of generic mcu, and is currently actively setting up super-low-capacity markets, such as automcu markets as traditional body control, new applications of new energy vehicles, high-performance industry controls, multimedia controls, etc.
In the case of the layout of the vehicle market, the mosfetdriver product will be a series of products, depending on demand, different markets, different mcu products in front, back-loading, or a whole range of different areas, and the company's latest mcu regulation product will start streaming in June/July 2021.
Figure 61: Gd32 series mcu gd32mproductfamily
This post is part of our special coverage Global Voices Online.
Cortex*-m23 Cortex-m3 Cortex-m4
Cortex*-m33 rsc-v 200mhz, 3mflash, 512 kram
168mhz, 3mflash, 192kram 120mhz, 3mflash, 256kram high-
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
168mhz, 3mflash, 128kram 108mhz, 1mflash, 96kram 120mhz, 1mflash, 96kram
120mhz, 1mflash, 96kram 108mhz, 1mflash, 96kram gd32vf103dbmhz, 128kflash, 32kran
Mainstream 100mhz, 512k/32k 08mhz, 3mflash, 96kram
120mhz, 3mflash, 96kram 56mhz, 3mflash, 80kram 120mhz, 128kflash, 32kram
gd32f19072mhz, 64kflash, 8kram 2mhz, 64kflash, 8kram gd32f350ibmhz, 128kflash, 16kram
48mhz, 64kflash, 8kramentry-level 2mhz, 64kflash, 8kram
gd32f330iamhz, 128kflash, 16kram 2mhz, 64kflash, 8kram mhz, 64kflash, 8kram
48mhz, 64kflash, 8kram gd32ffpr168mhz, 1mflash, 128kram gd32prt168mhz, 384k/96k+4m
In 2019, it was easy to enter the sensor market by acquiring the Shanghai Silist emblem. In the case of optical fingerprint sensors, the company was very active in the field of optical fingerprinting, optical fingerprinting products in the form of lenses, super small envelopes, optical fingerprint products in the form of ultra thin optical fingerprints.
In 2020, the company developed a new generation of pixel designs and launched a big screen application. In addition, the company’s research on ultrasound is progressing well, and the company’s ultrasound products achieve fingerprint recognition, heart rate testing, blood pressure testing, etc., to meet the needs of mobile phones, wearables, mobile medicine, etc.
The area of 3d senses is also in the configuration tof series of products, including long wave totof, which is applied to outdoor light, as well as dtof, which will soon be launched, to meet applications in the areas of mobile terminals, drones, ground sweepers, lots. According to the figure of plyers, in 2018, the global market share of tentacle chips was 11.40 per cent, ranking fourth;
In the area of sensors, according to the advisory body, icinsight, the market for sensors is expected to decline by 4% in 2020, but is expected to recover in 2021.
The country ' s biometric technology products remain mostly fingerprinted, accounting for one third of the overall market for biometrics; hand-shaped recognition, as a technology that is more relevant to fingerprint identification, has a 26% market; and the more technologically difficult human face recognition, acoustic recognition, iris recognition, accounts for 16%, 11%, and 11%, respectively.
Smart phones are the largest downstream fingerprinting chip, the global smartphone market is hit by the epidemic in 2020, and according to the consulting machine idc, there are about 1.29 billion sales a year, a 5.9% decline, but the market has begun to recover.
In the first quarter of 2021, 346 million smartphones were delivered, an increase of 25.5 per cent in the same year, and idc projected sales of 1.380 billion during the year, an increase of 7.7 per cent in the same year.
And in the 3d sensor market of the mega-fibre, structural light has been widely used on smart mobile phones since 2017, when iphonex first carried structural light. It has been able to obtain stereo information about the face, mainly on facial locks and mobile payments, and to a certain extent it has increased ease. Its greatest disadvantage is that it is limited in application, that it is influenced by light sources, and that it is more suitable for short distances.
Use. The Tof program is quick to respond, is sensitive to environmental light, and is not susceptible to environmental light interference, and allows for miniaturization of equipment, or will become a new mainstream of the future cellular depth lens. Apple has been investing heavily in the depth camera, its ipadpro, launched in March 2020, and its launch in October 2020.
The iPhone12pro series uses dtof technology, which is different from several of the machines with tof that have been released on Andre's mobile phones in the country, which have improved performance, increased accuracy and fluidity of the experience, and significantly reduced power consumption, but the process of production is more complex. In addition to dtof technology, apples are also actively promoting the development of power for their applications.
Apples have launched their ar development platform arkit. With apple effects, Andre's mobile phone industry chain may also accelerate the follow-up of more deep camera applications and solutions that apply to cellular end. As the 5g boom, everything is connected to the smarts network, and the time is approaching, the deep cameras will act as a portal to the three-dimensional world of information gathering, or will play a more important role, hopefully.
Figure 67: Tof can enhance the anar experience on mobile phones Figure 68: 3d image modelling using libar IV. Profit forecasting and valuation ratings
1 Storage operations: Noorflash, driven by downstream markets such as iot equipment, auto electronics, amoled, tddi, etc., has been growing in size in recent years and is now third-largest in the norflash market, with product processes shifting to 55nm platforms, with product consumption and performance improvements resulting from process upgrades, and helping companies to maintain industry leadership since this year.
In addition, the company’s first branded dram product (19nm, 4gb) was officially launched on 3 June, with a national product ranging from design, streaming, to sealing, testing and certification, and the company’s dram product downstream and its current client group having a very high degree of convergence.
There is a high degree of synergy of resources, such as channels and technical support for the entire customer. Moreover, partnerships with the compost have enabled companies to provide sustainable and stable supplies that can better meet downstream demand.
2. mcu operations: the company has invested a great deal of resources in its mcu business, maintaining technological innovation and market excellence in the common mcu sector, with a rapid increase in revenues of $760 million in 2020, an increase of 70.1 per cent over the same period.
Markets such as control, multimedia control, the company will also be able to gradually expand its product categories around mcu in the future, with packages of pmic and mosfet products. 3. Sensors: the company will enter the sensor market by acquiring Slim, the product lines will expand from fingerprint recognition and the ultrasound of research.
Wave products achieve fingerprint recognition, heart rate testing, blood pressure testing, etc., and are designed to meet needs in the areas of mobile phones, wearables, mobile medicine, etc. At the same time, the company is in the 3d senses area of the Tof series, including the long wave segment of the Tof, which applies to outdoor light, as well as the forthcoming single point, arrays, dtof, etc., to meet mobile terminals, drones, ground sweepers, lot, etc.
In combination with the business orientation of the Mt.O.O., we have chosen Beijing King Jung-chung, Sichuan, Leather-Technology, and Cycenic Technology as comparable companies. 69.7, 53.8 times. Mt. Innovative deep-drawn storage units, mcu, and sensor layouts are expected to widen the market competition for products in the future; lower downstream demand; and reduced goodwill risk.
The Xian University of Electronics and Technology, which has been a leading researcher for almost five years in the semiconductor industry, has had experience with foreign companies such as Texas instruments, and is familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain. It is also the founder of the country’s well-known semiconductor business incubation platform ic coffee, which helped a number of semiconductor companies to finance early times.
Name; Crystalball 2/3 in 18/19; Gold Bull Award 3/2 in 18/19; Wuhan University Master ' s degree in 2018; South-West Securities in 2020; Sinda Securities in 2020; Semiconductor Products in 2020; Liu Chilai, Master of Finance, Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences; and Sinda Securities in 2020, covering the consumer electronics chain.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-approved securities investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.