A study by M.I.A. (603986) On 31st of 2021, storage of &mcu taps started a new growth journey.
– 603986, based on the in-house extension of storage, the layout of the "storage + control + sensor" strategy.
mcu. External cooperation and extended M&As based on this basis: co-fertilization with co-fertilizers to develop a compost-long platram project, M&A project to create a market for interactive bio-recognition of human machines. The company product is now "store (nor/nandflash, dram)+mcu)+sensation (mcu)+
Building on its original business, companies can accelerate their rapid growth in areas such as networking of goods, motor power, etc. With the further expansion of their business, the synergies between the various businesses will gradually emerge, and future developments will be most imaginative.
The demand relay, the noorflash market, has been rising steadily, and its market space has been shrinking as mobile phones have dissipated. In recent years, the netflash market has been expanding as the network has developed.
Big. André's relay airpods, tws headphones will continue to be important demand areas for noorflash, except for the amoled and tddi technologies shown on mobile screens and the increasingly powerful vehicle-mounted electronics, 5g base stations and so on, where the noorflash market space has been re-established.
The company, as one of the world’s leading companies, is third-largest in terms of market ownership. As the market space and market share rises in tandem, there is still much room for increasing corporate sales in the future.
In the second half of 2020, Mcu's shortage has increased. From a demand point of view, the epidemic has become more acute.
Sub-Innovation and Pattern Reconstructing 2020.11.30 Growth in demand for tablet computers, laptops, domestic production replacements in sectors such as domestic electricity, industrial controls, and downstream demand expansion in areas such as electronic motor intelligence, mcu
The GDR-Micro-Innovation (603986): Downstream demand is at a fast-growing stage; supply-side analysis, most crystal mill expansions are generally more cautious, and most mcu in the market are now produced from 8 inches, while the 8 inch expansion is extremely limited, and
The value of mcu supply has increased as a result of the epidemic, which has further affected the supply of supplies due to the lack of supply chains abroad, the snow disaster in the United States, and the fire in Risa.
With close to 200 million sales in 2020, the company’s performance in 2021 will be accompanied by rapid release in areas such as industrial control, leading to a period of rapid development.
Production capacity expands less than expected; upstream price escalation risks; downstream demand does not rise as expected.
Micro-Innovation is a global chip company dedicated to the design and development of storage, control, and peripheral products. The company was founded in 2005 and changed into a joint-stock company in 2012 after multiple replenishments and equity transfers, and became a limited share in Beijing-based innovation technology.
Focusing on R & D, the deep layout of the "storage + control + sensor" platform strategy. The technology that started the company was the sram storage chip-related technology owned by the current realist Immin, but this technology is no longer included in the company's current main business product, and the company's current sales are from autonomous R & D. Under the company's ongoing research and development,
The company currently produced noorflash and nadflash, mcu, from 2008 to 2013, respectively, and after the shares were marketed, the company continued to expand the business map: in 2017, the company signed a cooperation agreement with the co-fertilizers, and plans to build a dram project for co-fertilization: in 2018, it announced the acquisition of Siu Li and cut into the biometric sensor market:
In October 2019, investment funds were announced for the development of consumer- and mobile-dram products, which are expected to be launched in the first half of 2021. The company’s “storage + control + sensor” strategic layout is now in its infancy, laying a solid foundation for the company’s development in the future age of interconnectivity.
Figure 1: The current company’s main business product consists mainly of storage chips and microcontrollers, sensors. As shown in the figure below, storage is the largest major company-owned product, with storage chips including noorflash, nandflash, noorflash.
The Māori product with the highest Māori ratio has been maintained at around 45 per cent: Slim's merger statement, acquired by the company in 2019, figure 2: H1 crop structure in 2020 (millions of dollars) With regard to the storage of chips, in addition to the company's current noorflash and nandflash, the company is in the dram.
The depth layout, on the one hand, invests in the compost project and, on the other hand, actively conducts self-research. The product line for the dram was launched in June 2019 and started marketing in 2020, bringing domestic manufacturers into existence the largest generic mcu supplier in the country, with the lowest market share in the country.
The company's future mcu product is expected to be the fastest growing product, with the increase in the current market shortage, nearly 200 million cars sold, and the company's active deployment sensor technology, based on existing storage and microcontrols, was completed in May 2019.
Slim’s acquisition, the Slim’s main camp product, is a fingerprint chip and a touch chip product. On the basis of storage and control, the company completes the technologies and products of the interactive sensors of the human machine, creating a complete system solution for “storage + control + sensor”, accelerating access to new markets such as the network of objects and car electronics.
1.2 Focus on R & D and upgrading, increasing profitability. Companies focus on R & D and increasing profitability. As shown in the figure below, their R & D investment from the third quarter of 2013 has also reached full year 2019, both in absolute terms and in absolute terms.
The company’s R & D costs are expected to remain high in the future, and the increase in R & D costs, while having an impact on direct costs, will provide a driving force for the company’s continued growth, which will be a central driver of steady navigation in the future. Moreover, as the company’s size continues to grow, the number of R & D personnel is increasing.
The annual growth rate of 159 to 586 in 2019 is also rising. It shows the importance and determination of companies to invest in R & D. After years of R & D and market expansion, the company’s products have achieved good market results.
The combined growth rate of more than 30% has been accompanied by an increase in the volume of revenue, a rise in the profitability of companies, a net profit rate, and a net profit growth of almost 50% in the first three quarters of the year.
The company uses the Fables model, which focuses on the design of integrated circuits, transfers manufacturing and sealing links to specialized manufacturers, and hands over the products to the company for sale after sealing. As a chip designer, the company’s capacity is an important guarantee for helping the company produce and sell, and it is in high demand downstream.
In order to ensure productive capacity, the company works in full with multiple crystal mills, ensuring that the company’s productive capacity is responsive to the demand for future products, such as the firm’s close cooperation with China Harbour International, ensuring the supply of productive capacity through stock entry and the conclusion of a crystal-crystal supply agreement.
In eight crystal-crystal plants, where the company will increase its capacity by more than 30 per cent in 2021, according to company announcements, the increase in capacity can guarantee certainty in the company ' s performance, on the one hand, and, on the other, the firm ' s strong capacity to plan its capacity, on the other hand, against the backdrop of the current shortage of crystal-crystal plants.
Storage: Noor welcomes new opportunities, nad/dram explores new paths, and memory storage can be saved on the basis of the loss of power by dividing it into non-loss and loss-of-power storage. The former covers a variety of roms and flash storages, while the latter includes drams and srams. The market is still wide.
The stores used include noorlash, nandflash, dram, and sram, with the largest market value of which is dram and nandflash, with annual sales of more than hundreds of billions. Noorflash used to be a good time for functional cell phones, but its market space is fading with the loss of functional phones.
The size of the nonflash market has been expanding in recent years as the network has developed. The tws headphones are the main driving force behind the re-growth of the nonflash market space, such as the tws-based apparel, the amoled and tddi technology displayed on mobile screens, and the increasingly powerful car-borne electronics.
As one of the world’s leading companies, Noorflash, city occupancy rates are gradually rising with the withdrawal of Light and Cypress in the local domain, and advances in corporate technological capabilities, and the third largest market share in the world in the third quarter of 2019. As the market space and market share rises in tandem, the company’s netflash sales are still low.
There is still a lot of room for upgrading. The company is steady in storage, expanding gradually, in addition to the nonflash, deep-ploughing of other storage chips:
The hair-combating dram project, which builds the country’s first big dram factory, and the autonomous development of the lily dram, which creates full synergy with the lance. By storing the comprehensive layout of the chip, the company is expected to move freely in the open city space in the future.
2.1 The functional cell phone fades out of sight, and noorflash has experienced a decade of decomposition in the field of noorflash applications, and virtually all electronic devices that need to store system operating data need to use noorflash.
Bios on the computer's homeboard, the memory chip needs to satisfy the running program and the data stored after the power loss is not lost. The data will be lost when the ram falls, and the nandflash will not be able to execute the program.
Noorflash writes and erases at a slower pace, but much faster to read. The function is simple for cell phones, the chip is stored with only a small amount of user information and system code, and the need for writing and scrapping is less for RAM data to read. Moreover, because functional mobile phones are not very demanding for storage space,
The high-density storage advantage of Nandflash is hard to show, so noorflash, by virtue of its particular advantage, is at its peak in the age of cell phones. In the age of smartphones, applications of various types of software have increased the demand for storage space, and cellular storage space is fast.
Nandflash’s advantage in high-density storage becomes a new pet for a mobile phone, and the smart player’s use of emmc/emcp, among other things, is a storage program that encrypts naddflash and controls the chip. Noorflash’s market space also decreases every year as the number of mobile phones is reduced.
But the storage space used in applications similar to computer cell phones is smaller, usually around 1 mb-32m, with a low value of single chips, and the amount of electronics produced before 2015 is not sufficient to cover its low-level imperfection, so the market space is down. According to cinnoresearch, noorflash in 2018.
Millions of dollars. After more than a decade of growth, and in the context of inflation, no more market space in Norflash was reversed by 2.2 major international plants, with the company norflash taking third place, and in the face of declining market space, noorflash and cypress announced in 2017 that they had not yet done so.
The withdrawal of light and cypress also left room for development in China, magnanimity, and oscillating innovation, and reduced production capacity improved the supply-demand relationship of the market. As the figure below shows, in 2019, in the context of rising demand for consumer goods, it has been possible to reduce the demand for consumer goods.
The quarterly sales of Wallbund, Wanghang, and Norflash are increasing, while the quarterly harvests of cypress and Light are decreasing. From quarterly data, both absolute growth and acceleration, the mega-bullying innovations are ahead of the Wallbon and Wanghang.
Then, in the second and third quarters of 2019, respectively, they exceeded cypress and Miswang, with a city share of 18.2 per cent, ranked third, and the gap between the first two was becoming smaller.
2.3 New applications have brought new developments, and noorflash market space has regained momentum, and now the noorflash market space is history, and developments in emerging areas are bringing new opportunities for noorflash.
Flash will pick up again and enter a new period of growth. 2.3.1 Connectivity is the central driving force of the development of noorflash.
The program +dram+nandflash not only adds a chip, but the expensive dram also fails to meet low-cost requirements. The general object network module system is simpler and less data processed than equipment such as mobile phones, computers, etc.
Storage space is less demanding, usually between a few trillions and a few hundred trillions. At this point, the best option is to use noorlash instead of dram and nandflash, which, thanks to the features of implementation in the chip, can be used by processors to call and run system codes directly from noor flash, while meeting storage and running memory requirements.
Conclusion: Only equipment with simple computing functions is required, and the use of the noflash+ processor chip is the best option, taking into account factors such as cost and system complexity. The current mainstream material networking module typically includes processors (usually the ap chip in the form of mcu or soc), noorflash, and sensors and communication devices.
In recent years, as technology advances, it has become the dominant trend to connect common equipment to the Internet. Whether traditional household appliances such as refrigerators, air conditioning, washing machines, television, rice canteens, or new equipment such as floor sweep robots, blue-tooth sound boxes, or various kinds of smart devices that are common in the open, will become noorlash downstream applications.
A separate market space in any of the above-mentioned areas would be small, but by adding the various breakdowns, there would be a trillion more nonflash deliveries in 2018, which would be close to 20 billion globally in 2018, based on a rough 10 per cent of the company ' s stock for that year. Even if other factors were taken into account, such as partial establishment,
The number should also be more than 10 billion, far above the volume of mobile phone shipments, which is an indication of the enormous amount of equipment that uses the nonflash. The information would welcome a consulting NEM team.
In addition to the amount of equipment, a very important factor of growth is the growing functionality of the equipment, and the growing demand for storage space in Norflash. For example, in the case of ground sweep robots, the initial ground sweeper machines have a simple collision rebound function, and most products now have path planning, barrier avoidance, etc.
We believe that, with the increased power of the iot module in the future, the amount of data used by the system will increase, so the storage space used in the norflash will grow. An increase in the storage space will lead to an increase in the price of a single chip, which will lead to an increase in the market space.
This paper will briefly describe several of the main downstream applications that drive the development of the nonflash market. 2.3.2 Andre relay airpods, tws headphones bring in $300 million in new markets tws are acronyms of truewirelessstereo, the real wireless stereo.
The airpods are the first tws headphones, and the tws headphones are starting to grow. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries data, the volume of tws drops in 2016-2018 was 9.18 million tws and 46 million tws, respectively. Sales tend to almost double each year.
The fire in the tws headphones market also provides considerable incremental space for the noorflash market. The system’s requirements for the storage of chips are increasing as a result of the use of double-earless bluetooth connections and the fact that most headphones combine ear surveillance with voice assistants, etc.
On apples, there is now 128 mspinorflash for airpods. We expect that if the new airpods, introduced in 2021, had features such as heart rate testing, there would be a further increase in storage space requirements, with the possibility of 256 m'norflash;
For non- apple brands, different brands use different memory options. For example, Sony noise wf-1000x uses 128 mnorflash, Bosenc 700 in China, 128 mnorflash in China, 64 mnorflash in China for freebuds3, and tws5 in tws5 uses twn 64mnor
tws high-end markets are saturated, and Andre low- and middle-end markets are the main increase in the future. The tws headphones market was detonated by apples, and, after several years of growth, the airpods at the mid-high end occupied a very high market rate, while the lower- and middle-end markets did not cover apple products. Compared to apples, Andre markets are more inclusive, with prices ranging from $100 to $1,000.
According to the Hightower 2019 Global Consumer Audio Research Report, about 25% of the respondents are willing to buy tws headphones in the coming year. We expect that the future medium- and low-end market for tws headphones will be the main increase.
We believe that the tws headphones market is similar to that of smartphones 10 years ago: Apples were the first to open the market and occupied high-end areas, and Andre gradually infiltrated the lower-middle-end markets through a low-price advantage and gradually increased market share. We used Andrew's historical penetration data to calculate the size of the future Andreend tws headphone market.
Historical data confirm that the trend of penetration in the past Andretws is similar to that of smartphones: in 2018, the non-Apple brand tws had more than 10 million hits, in 2019 it reached 50 million and the city of 2018-2020q2 was occupied, so that, after the airpods, Andretws will be connected, and the future will continue to be important for noorflash.
Downstream area. We've been predicting that tws headphones will provide market space of 2 billion yuan in 2021-2022. 2.3.3 Large-scale use of helpnorflash market
It is widely applied because of its virtues of spontaneous light, nuanced colour, and a wide range of brightness. It is divided into amoled and pmoled, the difference being that pmoled uses grid-type electrodes-driven pixels to scan pixels in arrays, amoled uses tft (blank membrane transistors) to drive them independently.
Amoled is widely used because of its advantages such as thinner, low power-driven voltage, and independent pixel-driven lighting, while its wide application brings only $100 million in market increment. Different tfts on amoled screens often have uneven electrical parameters such as threshold voltage, migration rates, etc.
Sex, which ultimately leads to differences in the current and brightness of the amoled monitor, is called the mura phenomenon, as shown in the left figure below. In order for the effects to be shown to be stable, there is a need for a compensation formula, which is now widely used as an external compensation formula, i.e., when the effects are obtained, the de-mura compensation is calculated on the basis of the mura data.
, and store de-mura data in flash, read de-mura data when the picture is shown and compensate. The effects have improved considerably as shown in the right figure below.
Figure 20: Example: After de-mura, each amoled screen needs de-mura, and the compensation data is stored in noorflash, in other words, every amoled screen carries a noorflash. Most branded flagship aircraft are now used.
As a screen, as the price of the product drops in the future, the amoled screen will go further to a low price of hundreds of millions of pieces, which, according to Counterpoint, will rise to 600 million by 2020. Moreover, as the resolution of the screen increases, the data on de-mura compensation will increase, and so the single amoled screen will be set up.
And the value of the nonflash will increase. On the basis of the above data, we measure that by 2022, the city space on the amoled screen on the nonflash was around $100 million.
2.3.4 tddi becomes another driving force for the returns of norflash tddi is another important growth point for norflash in the field of screen displays. tddi is integrated into the tentacle and display drive, known for integrating the touch chip with the display chip into a single chip. tddi is the earliest concept.
As a new generation, the design of tddi offers the following advantages: Improved touch and control performance, and less noise in the integrated system architecture;
The tddi programme has reduced the number and thickness of the tentacle screen and reduced the thickness of the equipment, compared to the traditional touch-and-show integration scheme, while also increasing the permeability to reduce the brightness of the back light with the same brightness, thereby reducing electricity consumption and prolonging the battery ' s useful life;
(b) The traditional approach requires different firms to provide different modules, which are then assembled by other enterprises.
Display panels, while the number of modules used by the tddi programme has declined, reducing the complexity of the supply chain. tddi technology has increased rapidly since it was introduced in 2015, tddi integrates the touch control function into driveic, but is unable to do so due to the large capacity required for the tddi partitioning of the touch control function.
Combining it into the tddi chip requires a nonflash. The rapid growth of the tddi's output also adds a new impetus to the market space of norflash.
The panel plant has become a central force in the international market, and we believe that the geo-geographic advantages of this area and the closer cooperation in this industrial chain will result in a higher rate of municipal ownership in this area.
As car functionality grows, the design of in-car electronic systems becomes more complex, starting to support functions such as gui (apectual home interface), voice recognition, advanced data processing, etc. adas (advanced assistive driving systems), dashboards, hvac (heating wind, ventilation and air conditioning systems), information and entertainment systems, etc., will generate a large amount of data storage.
In the area of vehicle applications, the use of noorflash will be greatly expanded, as it has the following advantages as compared to the size of a Nandflash:
(a) Nandflash does not have a value-for-money advantage under relatively small storage requirements;
Soon, they were cut off, and car manufacturers preferred to choose products that could be delivered in large quantities for decades, if not longer, so that they could be replaced when the equipment was being repaired. We will describe briefly a few high-end electronics applications for the nonflash system below.
The adas system is mainly about auto-operated or adapted, enhanced car systems for safer and comfortable driving experiences. Safety features include alerting drivers to avoid potential traffic accidents,, in some cases, protection measures or taking over control vehicles, etc., to avoid collisions or reduce collision losses, comforts, etc.
The adas system includes a large number of sensors, cameras, and multiple subs that achieve their respective functions.
The data is not lost, so noorflash is an indispensable memory chip. The image below shows the structure of adas subsystem with sensors like cameras, radars, etc., which can be seen in the map, which contains two paths of redundant soc, and a dedicated computing chip, with three pieces of chip.
Figure 23: A map of a sub-adas system The high-resolution screen of a car dashboard, information and entertainment system requires a large capacity of noorflash
And now, as the electronic vehicle system becomes more powerful, the screens on the vehicle grow larger and larger, the resolution increases higher, and the latest dashboard system includes a visual monitor (hud) that projectes driving information on the windshield. One of the important indicators of the system is the start-up speed.
The information needed to be displayed on every display immediately after the start-up of the vehicle, and longer waiting periods would reduce the internal system's sense of experience (reference cell phones, computer start-up time). The best solution for immediate start-up was to use nonflash, in addition to the start-up code.
In addition to the system data, the image data are stored inside the flash system, and the data can be quickly captured on the screen, reducing the system response time. Because of the size of the image data, the capacity of the nonflash applied to the system is larger, generally between 128 m-1g.
Figure 24: Carborne Application System Frames We predict that noorflash will have market space of between $800 million and $1.2 billion in vehicle-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-related products that have become nonorflash-grade products that have been adopted by domestic and foreign automobile manufacturers, including those in Japan and Korea, no.
2.3.65 The capital pull capacity of noorflash provides fpga/soc startup configuration support for the 5g base station. The fpga and complementarities (soc) systems with programmable features are widely used in the 5g infrastructure.
fpga and soc are capable of providing high reliability when responding to and starting fpga and soc, and are quick to read and save data for a long time, and are therefore mainly used in the storage of fpga, soc solid mirrors. Noorflash works with a wide range of temperatures and its low-power properties are conducive to high-temperature environmental evaporation outside wireless infrastructure;
Some also add security features to ensure unique ip security and the continued security of the network. Noorflash's market space in the 5g base station area will amount to 300 million yuan a year.
In addition to norflash, the company is selling storage products with slcnandflash, which is mainly developed. The market size of the year is about $59.4 billion.nandflash can be divided into slc, mlc, tlc, qlc, depending on the amount of data stored for each storage unit.
slc (single-levelcell) stored only 1 bit of data for each storage unit, i.e. 0/1 form, while mlc (multi-levelcell), tlc (triple-levelcell), qlc (quad-levelcell) stored 2 places, 3 places and 4 places for each storage unit, with 4, 8 and 16 types of data, respectively
The four types of Nandflash have different performances, and the disadvantage of slc is that its unit capacity costs more than the other types of Nandflash because of its low storage capacity, but its strength is in numbers.
The company’s product slcnandflash is a small branch of the company, which is stable because of its storage properties.
Qualitative features, mainly applied in areas of small capacity, which require storage stability, including network communications, voice storage, smart television, industrial control, roof box, printer, wearing equipment, etc., with some overlap between the area of storage requirements around 1g and the field of noorflash applications.
Market participants: Mainstream nandflash manufacturers are Samsung, Merits, Hercules, Toshiba, etc., which supply the vast majority of the global market, with 3d nand products stored for large capacity. But in the low-capacity slcnand, the market as a whole is small and not dominant.
The main suppliers of slcnand, in addition to the company, are now the noortams of the firm.
Corporate product capacity covers the main capacity type from 1 g to 8g, with voltage covering 1.8v-3.3v, providing traditional parallel interfaces and new spi (string) interfaces. In the area of serial (spi)nand products, micro-innovation is at the forefront of technology, products and market applications, and the company officially launched it in October 2020.
The national production of the 4gbspinandflash product at the 24nm process node marks the formal entry of the domestic slcnand flash into the 24nm advanced process. In addition, the company provides a small-capacity emmc solution based on self-researched nadflash and also offers high-capacity solutions through external cooperation to meet mobility.
The demand for terminals, smart products and large-volume markets is conducive to the subsequent and sustained expansion of the diffusion of corporate products and the expansion of market share in this area.
2.5 Co-operative long-term, autonomous R & D is parallel to the hundreds of billions of dollars of dram market dram is the acronym of the dynamic random access memory (dynamyrandomacessmemory), which is specifically designed to calculate fast, but the data will be lost when the power is lost, and is often applied to the operational memory of the electronic system.
One of the largest store chips in the storage chip, the market size of which was more than $60 billion in 2020, is now dominated by Samsung, sk Hercules, and Light. The three giants together account for more than 95% of the market, while the three-star market is nearly 50%.
The low bargaining power of Chinese firms over dram chips also makes the dram chip one of the most heavily restricted commodities in the country.
Figure 29: q3dram market pattern 2019, in order to break out of Dram’s human-restricted predicament, with the hope of becoming a national dram.
The company, once the second largest storage chip company in the world, has been bankrupt since 2009, but its know-how has now become a national dram roller. In 2017, the company signed an agreement with the compost industry, with an estimated $18 billion in fertilizer for the 19 nm and 17 nmdram projects.
At present, the product has been placed for sale, and the company has worked in depth with the company through:
In addition to working with the compost, the company announced in October 2019 an investment fund for the development of consumer and mobile dram products, which is now moving rapidly and will be launched in the first half of 2021.
Consumer drams are used mainly in consumer electronic markets such as TV capboxes, routers, car-mounted electronics, security, communications, industrial control of markets, mobile drams are used mainly in end markets such as mobile phones, tablet computers, hand-held games, wearing equipment, large markets and good market prospects.
The company collaborates with the Changjun to replace the mainstream standard dram, the autonomous research and development of consumer and mobile dram, and the layout of the dram product shows the firm’s determination and ability to enter the field. Compared to its competitors, the public ministry’s liki dram uses the 19-17nm process and 20nm for the ddr3 product of the competitor.
The firm has a stronger process advantage than the 30nm process product, which will be significantly lower in cost than the competitor, thus gaining a competitive advantage and allowing future development to take place.
Since the second half of 2020, Mcu’s lack of supplies has increased. From the demand point of view, demand for tablets, laptops, etc. brought by the epidemic has expanded, demand for domestic substitution in industries such as domestic electricity and industrial controls has increased, and demand in downstream areas such as electronic car intelligence has expanded, and the demand for mcu is at a fast-growing stage.
In supply-side analysis, most crystal-crystal plant expansion is generally cautious, with most mcu producing from 8 inches in the market today, while the 8 inch expansion is extremely limited, and the supply is further affected by the epidemic, which has led to poor overseas supply chains, snowfalls in the United States, Risa, fire fires, etc.
Innermcu’s leading company, the market’s leading company, will be able to measure the opportunities for development at full cost. The $312 billion market, where national producers each occupy a segmented market, mcu (microcontrollerunit), with the Chinese name microcontrol units, which are chip-grade computers.
Investors cannot distinguish between mcu and other types of chips, and we can describe briefly as follows: mcu is a system that integrates processors cpu, ram, rom, timer and multiple i/o interfaces required to run the system, and one mcu is capable of performing the functions of the computer system only if it is equipped with an appropriate external circuit. Other chips, for example, are not.
Soc is only a processor chip for some of the specified functions, like some cell phone soc is a bp chip for the computing power of the system. Therefore, mcu is also called a single microcomputer (singlechipmicrocompute).
The field of mcu downstream applications is very wide and can be applied to various types of smart instrument instruments (temperature, pressure, flow, concentration), consumer electronics (video recorders, cameras, washing machines, refrigerators, etc.), electromechanical integrated products (digital control machines, medical devices, robotics), especially in today's windy network and vehicle electronic applications.
Some cars use more than 100 different mcu chips. One can say that they have mocu's use, and more specifically, they are used to calculate areas where the relative demand is relatively simple.
mcu), for fixed applications: either mcu uses flash as rom (flashmcu), for non-price-sensitive users or for specialized development: or mcu is in between (opt mcu) for areas that require some flexibility but are relatively low-cost, such as functions that are constantly renovated and need to be fast
According to ihsmarkit, mcu can be divided into vehicle-borne electronics, consumer electronics, industrial applications, data processing and communications, depending on the field of application. Overall market size, the overall market size of the mcu is close to $20 billion, of which the largest share of the lower mcu application space is car-borne electronics, with total market sales of over $7 billion.
Figure 31: Mcu market size changes (millions of United States dollars) after years of development, with four, eight, 16, 32, or even 64, becoming more and more powerful. Markets are now most widely used at 32 and 8 mcu, respectively, and 32 mcu by
The reasons for the excellent value for money, the widespread application of computational performance to intelligent homes, auto electron, finger recognition, security surveillance, etc., are as follows: 8 mcus are very different from 4-digit prices as a result of improvements in the process, but they are almost equivalent to performance.
(b) In terms of value for money, 32 are well above 16, and most of the current producers are above 16;
The main applications are in areas where there is a high level of computing demand and demand for power consumption. 8-bit mcu, although less than 32-bit, has an advantage in power consumption and prices. In addition, 8-bit \triangleright
Because it has fewer addresses, mcu is easier to program and defecate. So, in the area of low power consumption, which does not involve large amounts of data, 8 mcu is still a very broad choice.
The rate of growth is around 10%, while the market share of 16 members has been shrinking since 2015. The market size of the market as a whole is very wide-ranging, and the downstream market is fragmented, making it difficult for a company to break the market, but the combined share of the top 10 firms has also reached almost 90%.
Of the top 10 companies in the world, Risa was ranked first in all years until 2015, but after Enchipo acquired Feiscar in 2014, Microchip acquired atmel in 2015 and St grew rapidly, it fell to the top three, while microchip grew rapidly after the acquisition of traditional mcu manufacturers atmel, and by 2017 the city rose to the global level.
If you want to know the pattern of the current market of mcu, you need to know the history of the mcu cores in recent years. A decade ago, Mcu’s leading company, Risa and Feiscal, and micro-cube, was among the top ten.
The nuclear, the Feiscal, is Powerpc, the microchip is pic, and the atmel is avr, and so on. This pattern has changed since the arm rolled out the cortex-m and introduced a unique authorization model: as technology has developed, 32 mcu have gradually entered the historical stage, the higher the number of digits, the more complex the system, the more complex it is, the more complex it is.
A 32-digit mcu is extremely difficult to study. Philip's 32-digit kernel failure is a good proof. Arm's cortex-m can directly authorize to the manufacturer, saving a lot of work. By the time of the 32-digit time, the demand for software has increased considerably, and the new software development is very complex.
Work. Eco- and downstream applications of unified kernels and software developed on unified kernels can facilitate the implementation of their own needs with the eco-transplanting of generic codes on different applications. For both reasons, after the launch of arm ' s cortex-m, the former mountain-headings took over the pattern.
And it's changed.st is the first contributor to Cortex-m, who introduced a wide range of product lines in their subsequent development to meet the needs of different applications. More importantly, the product of St has a very high value for money, and thus moved from the top ten in 2007 to the top three in 2013.
St’s growth has inspired the emergence of a large number of mcu manufacturers in the country who are studying this semiconductor giant to open markets with cheaper and more reliable products. Thus, many local mcu producers have grown rapidly with this opportunity, and according to incomplete statistics, there are now more than 100 different companies in the country.
Type of mcu company: Innovative electronics achieve excellent and stable performance in specialized areas, including industrial control single chips, home \triangleright
Electricity, lithium battery management, oled-dried chips, etc.: Leprosy technology in the wifi field; cortex-m, where micro-innovation quickly stole a pit of m3/m4 and where most of the Chinese semiconductors are in the m0 field.
It is important to note that mediocre electronics, musical technology, etc., are very good companies, but their mcu products should be used in the exclusive domain and do not constitute a competitive relationship with the company’s products in the general domain.
Unlike special mcu. The downstream users of generic mcu are mainly small-scale manufacturers, such as a toy company that develops a toy that sells only tens of millions of dollars a year, which would be too expensive to develop a special chip for this purpose, and then they would choose to buy a generic chip and develop their own needs on the chip.
, e.g., at an hourly rate, the company chooses to purchase a generic chip, but when the scale expands, it chooses to develop the special chip itself. Cortex-m series is the most widely used in the generic mcu field and is divided into mo, mo+, m3, m4, m7,
The smaller the numbers, the simpler the computational performance, the lower the power, the cheaper the price, the larger the computational performance, the higher the two-digit value of m23/m33. Because most applications in the market require a balance between prices, energy consumption, and prices, the wider the application of the Cortex series.
The kernel is m3/m4. At a time when the arm rolls the cortex-m, the st takes advantage of the rapid upswing, the company also senses the opportunity to develop it, and has developed the cortex-m-based mcu, which has taken the lead among the domestic companies.
M3/m4/m23/m33: The first generation of the gd32 series - \triangleright with cortex-m3 as kernel was launched in April 2013
gd32f103/101. In the following years, the company focused on research and development and launched a series of m3 products.gd32f45, the first m4 product of the company and the home company, was launched in September 2016;\triangleright
Gd32e230, the basic model, was introduced in November 2018 at a low price of US$ 20 \triangleright, leading to the full diffusion of kernel kernel kernel kernel 23 in industry with an unparalleled overvalue.
Gd32e232 series and gd32e507/e503 series of \triangleright and cortex-m33 kernels. gd32e232 series is very beneficial in the application of industrial control systems such as optical transceivers, light modules, access nets etc. ... high.
Accurate real-time industrial control e507/e503 series mcu, which, in addition to being integrated for industrial scenes such as ethernet, can, etc., also provides a richer low-power mode to meet the client ' s different operating scenes.Mcu products now consist mainly of coltex-m3/m4/m23/m33, covering entry-level, mainstream chips.
Figure 34: Micro-innovation of the cortex-mmcu product due to its superior value for money, and the improved accompanying development tools and environment, the corporate product as soon as it has passed
The launch was widely welcomed, growing from millions in 2013 to 444 million yuan in 2019. Sales in 2020 were close to 200 million, with significant growth relative to 2019, and companies are still expected to achieve near-double rapid growth in 2021, with strong downstream demand.
At present, in the Chinese market, the leading cortex-mcú company is the st and nxp, the st of which focuses on the fee-free market, while the nxp is deep in the area of car use. By 2020, the company had developed into the mainstream of the 32-digit generic mccu market in China with more than 500 million shipments, more than 20,000 customers, in 2018.
Market occupancy reached 9.4 per cent, followed only by st and nxp, and it is expected that in the future one 3.3 will lead the way in the national production-substitution tides of rrisc-v, and that the new track will be pre-empted on the basis of armcorpex-m in August 2019, the company announced the launch of a mcu based on the risc-v kernel.
Performance provides complete chain support from chip to program code library, development package, design, etc. The company 's risc-v product has excellent portability: the size, location, functionality of each of the chip 's feet corresponds to its cortex-m, the user 's original
The circuit board does not need to change anything: the interface, functionality of the development environment required by the user is the same as the original Cortex-m, and for the user only a new configuration of a new development environment is required, with the difficulty of installing a new software.
The user simply needs to replace the original cortex-m chip on the circuit board with the rsic-v chip and to copy the code originally used in the cortex-m into the new development environment and burn the new code on the new chip. The porting environment is thus very favourable to the user ' s choice of the new product, and in addition to directly raising the income level, the company pushes it.
The product of risc-v is of great strategic importance. Like arm, x86, risc-v is a command set (also known as architecture), and the inner core of the chip written in risc-v is the rim of risc-v. We believe that the development of .rsic-v is very promising.
In the age of interconnectivity, the srisc-v will be a very high command set: Adaptive to the ease of different applications: the final copyright of coltex-m belongs to arm, which can only hear changes like a big client like Hua.
Questions and suggestions for amendments, which are very friendly to the "small and broken" producers or developers of the Internet, and which are applicable to more scenarios: the rsic-v command set is very scalable and can be spelt together like a building block, leaving out unwanted parts.
And the most important point is that because rsic-v is open, its cost is very low and it's very low.
For all these reasons, we believe that in the generic mcu market, rsic-v will eventually occupy a very important proportion. As the first company in the world to launch mccu based on risc-v, it is already in place.
The area of rsc-v is in the lead, as was the case with the first fast ride on armcortex-m in the year, and if there are rapid developments in the future, the company will be able to achieve impressive results in this area.
Slim is an autonomous technology innovation company dedicated to the new generation of mobile smart terminal biosensors, based on fingerprints to recognize chips and touch-control chips. The company acquired microscopic system solutions that created a complete “storage + control + sensor” that, in addition to thinking that micro-business has a high level of development space, have synergies with each other.
4.1 Slight: The Fingerprint Identification Chip is the new Precious Slim, which was created in 2011 and is primarily a fingerprint recognition chip and a touch control chip. Until 2016, the Touch Control chip was the company ' s main business product, with a sales share of about 80%. In 2016, the company started a brand line.
The firm’s fingerprint recognition chip collection increased significantly in 2017, and by 2018 it accounted for 90% of the company’s total. The steady delivery of fingerprint recognition products also led to a rapid upturn in the company’s revenue, with a four-fold increase in the collection over two years, from 2016.
The increase from 170 million in the year to nearly 700 million in 2018: net profits have also risen significantly, with companies still in deficit in 2016, with net profits reaching 9507 million in 2018, and the rapid rise in net interest rates is also evidence of the company's pre-date market pattern of fingerprinting chips in 2018, which ranks ahead of top technology (goodix), S.H.I.E.L.D.
(egis), authentec, fpc, and Slitwa. Authentec is an Apple subsidiary whose fingerprint recognition chip is used only for Apple's products.
\triangleright leads other market participants and is the company's main competitor; S.H.I.E.L.D., based in Taiwan, has been working closely with Samsung and has little competition with the company.
S.H.I.E.L.D. is turning to the domestic market, with potential competitive pressures on companies; fpc (fingerprintcards), based in Sweden, began to deploy the smartphone market in 2013 and was earlier in the leading global position, and now most of its market share is already at the top of the conglomerate, Szewu, and so on.
According to cid data, the global market for fingerprint identification chips was about $4.17 billion in 2019, and the Chinese market was about $1.5 billion, and will continue to grow at a high rate in the future.
Fingerprint recognition chips are becoming more permeable, with 640 million smartphones carrying fingerprints worldwide in 2016, compared to 890 million in 2017 and more than 80% in 2019. The techniques that compete with fingerprints are mainly facial recognition. We believe that fingerprint identification is easier than facial recognition.
Face recognition is just a compromise that Apple phones have chosen to solve the full screen problem, and fingerprint recognition techniques are now mature. The ultimate penetration rate of fingerprint recognition will continue to increase in the future, high-end hands have both facial recognition and fingerprint recognition, while low-end mobile phones are more likely to choose fingerprint recognition techniques.
Figure 41: Fingerprint recognition penetration. Fingerprint recognition: Since the advent of smartphones, its screens have evolved in large sizes, but oversized screens, which lead to oversized, full screens, solve the problem and therefore full screen seepage.
The rapid development of the full screen has led to advances in fingerprint recognition techniques, the cancellation of the capacitation fingerprint recognition key at the bottom of the original screen and the adoption of other options: move to the back of the cell phone and continue to use the capacitator fingerprint recognition technology;
\triangleright move to the side of the cell phone to use ultra thin fingerprint recognition scheme; \triangleright
The area of identification is still on the front of the screen, using screen-based optical fingerprint recognition techniques, which are now the main technical direction for full screen fingerprint recognition \triangleright.
The optical fingerprint recognition technology has also matured and the penetration rate will increase further; The area of identification is still on the front of the screen, using ultrasound fingerprint recognition technology. \triangleright
All of these technologies are now available, and the Icd-screened optical fingerprint recognition program has matured, and the ultrasound mems technology and energy replacement structures have completed their pre-process design, which will in the future create synergies in this rapidly growing field with the acquisition of 4.2 additional companies.
After the takeover, we believe that, in addition to the direct profits that accrue to the company, it is more important to share with the client: the company’s own mcu, flash business is a very broad area of downstream application.
But there are fewer cellular customers: Slim's clients are mainly Chinese, opo, and the company's buying and buying is a small synergy that allows it to access the cellular large customer supply chain, while Slim can use the company to access the network and expand the distribution. This synergy can help the company to achieve it.
Infiltration of products in high-end applications such as smartphones, tablet computers, industry, automobiles and electronics. Figure 42: Micro-synergization of company M&A thinking: Client sharing.
Support for building, sealing, and monitoring the capacity of the manufacturer. Capability is essential for the design type of company, and companies and Slim have a strong synergy in the industrial chain.
In the short term, as both domestic storage and mcu, the company will benefit from a major shortage of goods in 2021; in the long term, the demand in areas such as networking, wearing, industry, vehicle-borne, etc. will drive the market space for products such as storage, control, communication, etc., adding historical opportunities to replace national production, and the company will start a new course of growth.
With regard to the storage of chips, while a 30 per cent increase in the production capacity of the company, the increase in the price of the product will increase the profitability of the company and the growth point for the company ' s profits will be the drams, which are sold in collaboration with the compost, and the niche dram products, which are produced by autonomous R & D;
In the area of chip control, companies, as leading domestic mcu companies, are bound to benefit from short-term stock shortages in the industry. There are more obvious advantages in product lines such as m3/m4/m23/m33, accompanied by steady progress in expanding land and national production alternatives in new areas such as industrial controls, which should also have wider growth space in the long term;
In sensor chips, short-term performance may be influenced by some customers, but in the long run, the company’s new clients are expected to make up for the disruptions in performance. The company’s acquisition of micro-studies has created a complete “storage plus control plus sensor” system solution, which, apart from thinking about its own business, has a high development space.
The synergies between them are even more desirable. As comparable firms in the leading field, the design firm, i.e., can see a relatively low valuation of promising innovation, thus giving companies an “enhanced” rating.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.