Noor’s shortage is expected to last for two years, looking at the continent’s flagship, 25th of June 2021, where innovation became the continent’s noorflash flagship, with a decade-long decline in industry from 2006 to 2016.
At this point in time, we believe that the company is on a new growth track, mcu and mcu, and, at a time when high-value ratios have led to robust growth in corporate revenue and performance, the recovery of demand in beneficiary industries and the company’s share in the tws headphones of large clients began in 2017.
Dram's business will be fast-tracked, opening up the space for corporate development and supporting corporate development over the next decade, while norflash, as a basic business, still has significant development space at the corporate level, including product technology, application areas, city ownership and industry levels, and will continue to contribute to the company's sustained growth momentum, which should continue to receive adequate attention.
..noor is a former storekeeper, who is uniquely placed to be irreplaceable by reading fast + high stability, and noorflash relies on noor+pram in the functional age, compared to the depth of 300.
Millions of dollars, nearly $500 million in 2020, and less than 20 per cent of the world’s cities, raise space. Noor’s typical features include speed of reading, high stability, and non-lost data, making it irreplaceable and continuing to take advantage of 5g, iot, cars, etc.
• Multifactors contribute to growth, which in 2025 is expected to reach $3.9 billion in size, $3.9 billion in size, and 11% in cagr. Multifactors, 5g, iot, cars, etc., are driving growth, with iot and cars being the largest marginal variable market. 1) Cellular end: amoled contributing the main engine of growth, amoled
The market size capr is 33% in 2020-2025. 2) Automobile end: the adas+ dashboard contributes the main growth force, and the tws headphone + handkerchief + cellular module is expected to be 28% market size cagr in 2020-2025. For the largest market in the world, mainland companies are expected to benefit from geographical dividends.
• Markets have been shuffled through many rounds, and continental firms have had a competitive advantage, and we've worked out the evolution of the noor industry over the past two decades. The industry has undergone several card shufflings, the European-American-Koreans have largely withdrawn, and only Light and Sepras have kept some of their high-end productive capacities, such as cars, but it's still in place.
In the process of exiting, the three largest players in the current industry are Taiwan's Chinese electricity, Taiwan's magnanimity, and Taiwan's oscillation, with a global market of 26/23 per cent in 2020 and 18 per cent in turn. A strategic analysis of the expansion and price reduction of the industry as it moves into a downward cycle shows that Taiwan's competitive strategy is moderate, and the continent, as a former catch-up, is continuing to be a champion of innovation.
Global flagship, with significant advantages. • Moderate supply growth, with noor industry judged to be high, is expected to continue with a global output of about 80,000 parts per month in 2020, of which about 26 million pieces per month are considered to be large, and about 25,000 per month in Washington, D.C.
In 2021, no growth in production capacity was very limited. Wanghong said that the company would not add more equipment in one year, but it was expected to increase production capacity by 5 per cent if the output was strained and internal dynamics adjusted the distribution of capacity were to occur.
The performance has increased significantly, looking at the Mcu doubling to Mcu, and thus to a limited extent. This suggests that the supply of the industry is scarce and price increases are still on the trend.
It is clear that the intensity and sustainability of this noor industry has exceeded 2017, considering that the construction cycle flash hit high-end markets, that the mcu trap has reached the + equipment delivery cycle, and that the view is likely to continue for two years.
At this stage, we believe that corporate noor business has developed in three ways and continues to look at the company's global status in the noorflash industry: 1) Technology is a manufacturer compared to the shoulder. The smallest number of scrubbles is easy to innovate and magnanimity.
100,000 times, data can be kept for 20 years; the working temperature makes it easier to have a product that meets industrial and motor electronic requirements. The current certification cycle and product consistency are the main problems facing the high-end market, which is easy to access. 2) The process and capacity of the process is to switch from 75/55nm to 48nm, and from 58nm to 46nm to 65nm in China.
Switch to 55nm. Noorflash’s main product capacity ranged from 512kb to 4gb, with 79 per cent sales above 128mb in 2018 for the industry as a whole, and more than 50 per cent of the mega-64m still had room for upgrading. 3) Applied domain, US production gradually exits from high-end markets, and Taiwan manufacturers begin to fill high-end market voids, which are already in operation.
Automobile electronics, industry, with a larger layout, amounting to about 60% of the total, and Chinese electronics, with more than 20% of the total. Currently, mega-renovation is still dominated by consumer electronics, including appletws headphones, pc, base stations, and other consumer products, with small deliveries in industrial electricity meters, new energy, medical care, space, etc., and will be in high-end areas such as automobiles in the future.
Further expansion. As the world’s only top three players in the industry, the light asset model ensures a more stable level of Māori than the other two, and sustained attention should be paid to the expansion of the company’s relevant cooperative plants, Hari International, China Rainbow, etc.
In the future, companies will continue to take advantage of home-grown producers and benefit from the dividends of the continent as the largest market and the continued expansion of the industry. Corporate products will continue to expand to higher-scale, larger-capacity, higher-end applications, such as automobiles.
We believe that companies underestimate and maintain a “recommended” rating. The size of a company’s capacity may fall short of expectations, there is a risk of impairment in the goodwill generated by the acquisition, and downstream demand does not grow.
Taiwan’s producers are expected to expand more than expected.1 The former stockholders, who have a unique advantage in giving them an indeterminate stockholder of the functional age, continue to occupy an important position today.
Noorflash was introduced by Intel in 1988, changing the pattern that was previously set by eprom and eeprom. By reading the characteristics of speed + high stability, norflash was dominated by noor+psram structures during the functional era, and did not exceed the size of the market until 2005 when Nandflash did. In 2020, the global storage market was about the size of the market.
With $127 billion, noorlash accounts for about 2%, or $2.3 billion in size, and after the drams and nads, they still occupy a place after many changes in storage technology. Reading fast, stable, and missing data is a central advantage, and noorflash is irreplaceable.
1) Read fast. Because of the structure that separates the address line and the data line, the nonflash chip can be connected directly to the data line, and any byte reading can be achieved, i.e. random location. Noorflash transmits efficiently and can execute the program within the chip (xip, executeinplace), and the application can run directly in the flash without having to read the code to the system.
Ram. Compared to the nandflash chip shared address and data bus, the additional link control input and output with address, data, command shared i/o complex problems can only be read by page and random location cannot be reached. When cpu sends the address, the control line is needed to complete the operation to get the data, and there is no dedicated sram connection.
mouth, so reading is slower than noorflash. As figure 4 and figure 5 show, 2) stability is high. Flash leaks when data are kept, and when an electronic loss reaches a certain level, it produces a bad point. Compared to Nandflash, the size of the cells at the same stage is larger and the number of electronics stored is greater.
So the probability of creating bad spots is even smaller, as in figure 6 and figure 7. At the same time, in the context of the microscopic process, Nand is more advanced than Noor, and the charge of 1 xnmnand is easily leaked within hours or days, so complex cyclical confirmations and rewriting are required to save the data. In certain applications, as in electronics, the loss of data is zero in 10 years.
Insistency, the advantage of nonorflash data stability is highlighted. 3) Disruption of data is not lost. Semiconductor storage presses whether the data can be stored after a power outage and is divided into lossable storage and non-lossy storage. The former includes dynamic random storage (dram) and static random storage (sram), where dram is used mainly
The latter includes the phase memory pcm and read-only memory rom, of which flash is an important one. Flash stores the information in a storage unit made up of floating transistors, with extra electro-insulation floats between the fenced transistors and ditches, such as figure 8. Since the float is electrically isolated, even after the voltage has been removed, it reaches the fence.
The electrons of the poles are also captured, so flash is not vulnerable to loss of power. And Ram uses the capacitor to store 0/1 messages, and the capacitor falls after a break, resulting in the loss of storage information, so electricity is needed to maintain the information stored in the ram.
Noor has a wide range of applications, covering areas such as automobiles, communications (5g), industrial controls, iot and consumer electronics. In 2018, the area of communications accounted for about 30 per cent of the global market of noorflash, followed by consumer electronics, accounting for 26 per cent, of which smartphones contributed the main driving force, with vehicle-borne electronics, computers and industrial controls accounting for 18 per cent, 14 per cent and 12 per cent, respectively.
By region, Asia and the Pacific was the major contributor. Noorflash was the largest market in Asia and the Pacific in 2018, accounting for 55 per cent of global markets, North America for 24 per cent, and Europe, South America, and the Middle East and Africa for 15 per cent, 4 per cent and 3 per cent, respectively. 5g, iot, automobiles provided a driving force for sustained growth, reaching market size in 2025.
Looking back at history, the nonflash cycle lasted for a long period and the last low cycle lasted for 10 years. The functional cell phone was faded out of the market, with noorflash falling down in 2005-2015, starting with a gradual warming in 2017. The functional cell phone has two distinct features: 1) it is simple, the memory chip requires only a small amount of user information and system code, the need for data to read, and the need to write and erase.
Less; 2) storage space is not very demanding. Noorflash’s particular advantages coincide with the features of the functional machine, and the response becomes a pet of the functional machine age. With the advent of the smartphone age, 1) the market for functional mobile phones is gradually replaced, and the netflash market space is reduced year by year as the number of functional machines is reduced; 2) there is a higher demand for storage space by increasing the variety of smartphone software.
Nandflash, with its large capacity and low unit cost, has been a solution to the high data storage density of smartphones, and has thus been in a decade of depression since 2005, with a market size of $7.5 billion peaked in 2006 and reduced to $1.7 billion in 2016. Since 2017, new applications such as smartphones, iot, have led to market growth.
Long, with a market size of about $2.3 billion in 2020, it is expected to continue to expand in the future, with 5g, auto electron, and iot pulling. The trend is that with the growing maturity of functional machines in 2005-2008, the capacity of units will decline faster, and the next 5g, iot, cars, etc., after 2008 will drive the industry’s continued expansion, with iot and cars being the largest marginal variable markets.
Some of the areas in the future with marginal changes have been broken down in detail, including mobile phones (amoled, tddi, functional machines), cars (adas cameras, dashboards), iot (handrings, tws headphones, beehives), and the total market size of the 5g base stations will increase from $1.3 billion in 2020 to $2.8 billion in 2025. In addition, some markets are being diversified as applications become more widely applied, such as smart medicine.
In the amoled screen, nonflash is used for optical compensation. Amoled screens are equipped with thins with switches for each pixel.
The membrane transistor (tft), which is a driver that is easier to achieve high brightness, high resolution and low energy consumption, but tft works long hours at threshold voltage that floats, leading to brightness differences (mura phenomenon). External compensation is often used to store de-mura data with one 8mb or 16mb or even 32m.
In the lcd screen phone, noorlash uses the sorting code needed to store the touch control function, using an average of 1 cell phone per phone, usually integrated inside the tddi chip, but still needs to be procured from thenorflash manufacturer, with an average capacity of 1-2mb. In addition, one nonflash is required in the ap.
US$ 1,000,000, with an increase in the penetration rate of the beneficiary amoled, the market size of which is expected to be close to US$ 300 million in 2025. Figure 17: Noorflash applications in tddi noorflash mobile phone markets are shrinking.
Each uses one, with an average capacity of 64 mb and 128 mb. We measure the market space by 2020 at about $140 million. With the decline in the market for functional mobile phones, it is expected that the netflash market space in this area will decline gradually, to $29 million in 2025.
Pc accounts for more than 10% of the net market, taking into account the growth in the nonflash market as a result of an upgrade of the win10 to version 20q4/21q1, we estimate its contribution to the netflash as a whole at about 3%, and assumes that, as a result of sales growth + upgrades, nonflash in the automobile area is used mainly for adas cameras and dashboards, storage of bios or code.
In terms of integrity, in order to avoid the sudden loss of electrical data from a vehicle, nonflash is an indispensable memory chip. In the adas system, a camera requires a nonflash with an average capacity of 4/8 mb, with a future trend towards 16/32m. A dashboard requires a nonflash with a capacity of 128/256 mb, with a small capacity of 512 mb. Noorflash in 2020.
Adas market space of $140 million, about $220 million in the dashboard market, increased in 2025 to $30 billion and $620 million in the automobile adas, dashboards, etc. In addition, cars have to be used for control, radar, sensors, airbags, etc., and the market in 2020 is about $70 million, and we assume that it will grow.
The demand for iot rapid response, low power consumption, etc. is matched with the ability of norflash. The iot distribution ecology makes the calculation complex.
The core chips of the typical iot module include processors, storage chips, communication links chips, and sensors. Taking into account costs and power factors, storage chips usually reduce or even remove drams.
, the processor needs to run the code directly from flash. The advantage of nandflash is significant: 1) execution (xip) in the chip, connected to the processor ' s bus type, direct operation of the program to improve overall operational efficiency; 2) low power consumption, non-working condition, access to deep sleep mode and immediate response, which will ensure a reduction in battery consumption in normal working conditions; 3) high reliability, embedded ecc
Error verification algorithms can significantly extend the useful life of the product; 4) encapsulations are small and signal fuses are low. tws headphones are the main engine of growth, with an expected 2020-25cagr of 26%. Equipment that can be worn can be divided into non-tws tws and tws headphones. (1) In handrings, the primary use of noorflash is to assist in calculating the size of the market.
$20 million in 2020, up to $60 million in 2025. (2) In tws headphones, the main use of norflash is extrapolation and assist in calculating, with the number of norfalsh products per by-use in Andresis at 2 and the current average size of mainstream products at 64mb, with an upward trend towards 128mb in the future; and the number of norflash used by Appleairpods and airpodspro
The total market space for tws headphones in norflash was $240 million in 2020 and is projected to increase to $780 million in 2025. The iot cellular module had about $60 million market space in 2020 and 34 per cent cagr in 2020-2025.
The methods include wifi and beehives, where wifi usually uses wifimcu for networking functions, where noor is usually embedded in mcu (i.e. eflash) because of the simplicity of Wifi networking functions. In the beehive module, cat1 needs to be used in the external noorflash, where the cat1 mode industry is expected to account for around 30% of total beehive equipment.
The working voltage of 5giot was moved from the original 1.8-3.0v to 1.2v, with lower power and lighter power. We measured the noor flash in 2020 in the cellular module market space at $55 million, which is expected to grow to $250 million in 2025. (5) 5g base station end: reaping the dividends of the base station growth, with a market volume of $0.23 billion
Norflash has a high reliability and low time delay in storing fpga configuration images and soc startup codes, and can work for more than 10 years, so noorflash is more popular than Nanand and sd cards at 5g base stations since 2019. It is expected that noorflash will benefit from base station growth dividends over the next three to five years, and we estimate that a single base station will need to be equipped with four.
Noorflash, with an average capacity of 1 gb, has a market space of about US$ 02-030 million over the next few years. Competition is moderate + expansion is limited, and noor shortages will continue 3.1. Markets are shuffled through multiple rounds, and continental firms have a competitive advantage
After a further increase in market concentration through multiple rounds of shuffling, the cr5 reached 90%. The nonflash industry has been out of mid- and low-end markets for the past 20 years, with the booming and the Chinese electricity exchanges leading in recent years, and the oasis of innovation in 2020, where the market has been the third largest in the world.
U.S. production capacity continues to withdraw from high-end markets, with the Taiwan Dragon rising high-end. High-end markets, such as industrial controls, space and vehicles, are the traditional positions of Mirrem and Seprath. But Miguang has stopped producing 8 inches of noorflash since 2017, and 12 inches of automobile and industrial-controlled products (with a capacity of 12,000 metres/month) are being withdrawn.
At-end products and high-end power in the electronics sector are expected to be the world’s number one noorflash vehicle market in 2021, according to a very ambitious estimate. Domestic champions are likely to innovate to provide more low-end products in consumer markets and to shift gradually to medium- and high-end products. 3.2. Supply is growing mildly, and noor industry is expected to continue its high profile.
At the bottom of the industry cycle, dram/nandflash's three-star electronics usually adopt a sharp price-down strategy, which tends to push competitors out of the market; and noorflash has a different strategy than the one adopted by the manufacturer: 1)
Reprogramming of products is steadily moving to higher ends. Wabang Power, Wanghang, continuously optimizing the mix of equipment, actively expanding high-end products such as vehicle-borne and engineering electronics, medical electronics, and material networking applications to respond to the impact of the mid- and low-end markets of mainland producers such as magnified innovation, the Wuhan new core, etc. (2) appropriate reduction of capacity utilization and maintenance of pricing levels.
In about 90%, to maintain a better price level. Relatively moderate market competition leaves a room for continental manufacturers to cut off from low-end products. In 2021, in the context of growing demand, there was still only a small expansion of desktop producers: 1) Wanghong: the 21q1 method says that “the company will not increase its equipment in a year, i.e., its total capacity will remain constant, but if the output is tight, the internal dynamics will adjust the distribution of its capacity.”
We estimate that noor capacity is growing in a single digit number; 2) Wa State: its Chinese plant in Taiwan is already full and its expansion is limited, and only 1-2% of its capacity is expected to grow. 3) Monument: total year-round capacity growth of 30% +, which is judged to be more productive for mcu, hence the limited growth in productivity.
Market expansion + stationary expansion is mild, and we're looking forward to continuing the climate. Since this year, with tight supply and demand, we've been looking forward to a sustained industry climate, with a “market expansion + supply expansion moderate.” Clearly, the noor industry has gone up for more than 2017. Considering the build-up cycle + equipment delivery cycle, the Chairman of the magnanimous board has judged that the industry's shortage will continue.
Figure 26: The Chinese monthly harvest (one billion new Taiwan dollars), the continent’s flagship signs are easily advanced to the middle and high, and the continent’s capacity constraints are actively addressed, and the continent’s industrial chain is complete. Unlike Taiwan’s nonflash model, the continent has been designed by design.
The company was founded in 2005, listed in 2016, acquired in 2019.
The company’s main business is the storage of chips (norflash-based, small number of nandflash, surrogate + self-research dram), microcontrolrs and sensors, with a share of 73%, 17% and 10%, respectively, in 2020. In December 2008, the country’s first spi norflash (180nm) was released and its production started, 90 nmnorflash in 2012 and 65nm in 2016.
Currently switching to 55nm. Mono-renovation provides noorflash products with a capacity of 512 kb to 2gb, covering the full capacity of the noorflash market; voltage covers 1.8v, 2.5v, 3.3v, and wide voltage products.
At the moment, there are more than 80% of the noorflash products, and the mcu, dram, etc., are still in development. In terms of indicators, the main market is still at the lower and middle end, and is expanding to the higher end:
1) Technical: In terms of working temperature and number of scrubbles, the mega-product performance is comparable to that of the shoulder-stander. At present, according to product parameters, thousands of times and data can be retained for 20 years; (2) insulated high temperature: the normal temperature range of the noorflash chip is -40°C-85°C, the industrial electron requires the temperature to be lined up to 105°c, and the motor electron requires 125°c, which is currently readily available.
2) Process: Technical process plus cost considerations, microscopic at 45 nm, leaving the opportunity for later entrants to catch up. On the array, Nandflash is linked and linked to structures in the direction of bitline(bl) and Wordline(wl), respectively, and noorflash is linked to structures, such as figure 4. For noorflash, more parallel structures enable them to read numbers more quickly and randomly.
However, the process of miniaturization was hindered by the fact that more metal devices could not be reduced as the process was optimized. Intel launched its first 1.5-metre product in 1988 and, after 20 years and 10 generations of product, in 2006 it was reduced to 65 nm, once a small pilot in the noorflash process. Intel published a presentation on the 45nm process as early as 2008.
In addition, in terms of cost, the most advanced process in norflash is currently largely stagnant at 45 nm, leaving more opportunities for catchers. The norflash mainstream is still at 55 nm, and the world’s manufacturers of 45 nm products are few.
There are bright lights, Sapras, and a new core of Wuhan in the country. Wang-Hun achieved 48 nm in 2019, the product is switching from 75/55 nm to 48 nm, the electricity in Wabong is moving from 58 nm to 46 nm in 2015, and the innovation is now moving from 65 nm to 55 nm, successfully entering the mainstream market. Considering the mini-reduced process of noorflash, it will be maintained.
Finally, the potential for easy access to advanced processes is significant, and market competitiveness is expected to increase further. For product capacity, product capacity is noorflash product 3: as product demand is complicated, noor’s capacity has been increasing, but low capacity still accounts for a major share.
At present, the main product capacity of the nonflash ranged from 512 kb to 4gb. The industry as a whole sold more than 64 mb in the first three quarters of 2018 at 27% and 86% of sales, while easily innovative 64 mb products accounted for more than 50% of revenue, below industry average, with room for improvement.
At present, Wang Hong has a larger profile of auto electronics, industry, with a combined share of about 60%, and Chinese electronics more than 20%. At present, the oasis innovation continues to be dominated by consumer electronics, the main supplier of airpods/pronorflash.
The venue is dominated by Sepras, but as the production capacity of American manufacturers is phased out, the producers have begun to fill the car market gap, such as the annual company launch of the gd25/gd55b/t/x series for industry, vehicles, ai and 5g applications that require large capacity storage, high reliability and hypervelocity data throughput, which represents the highest standards in the spinorflash industry.
Of these, gd25spinorflash has passed the aec-q100 certification, which is currently the only national car-production flash product, and the consistency of the certification cycle with the product is the main problem facing the high-end market, but it is expected to accelerate the certification cycle by adding a national product to the current one. (1) Certification cycle: the consumer electronic certification cycle is about six months old, the industry class is one to three years, and the steam is expected to accelerate the certification cycle.
(ii) Consistency: unlike Nandflash, the failure of a unit results in the failure of a segmental algorithm, which is therefore more inefficient than a Nandflash product.
On March 18, 2021, China Harbour signed a cooperative framework agreement with the Government of Shenzhen for the development and operation of the Shenzhen Project, with a co-investment of $2.35 billion.
Shenzhen is expected to have about 55% and no more than 23% of the benefits from the China-King International and Shenzhen Reinvestment Group (the market-based import and investment management platform for major industries in Shenzhen City), with an expected post-construction capacity of 40,000 units per month (12nm), starting production in 2022. In addition, the continent now has a more complete industrial chain of noorflash, with a promising partner including daylight, China-Tianxing, and China-Tian.
There is less volatility in the Māori rate of companies under the idm model, the Fables model, but it is also more vulnerable to capacity constraints. As a result, partnerships with surrogates can be actively deepened and partners developed.
(1) In 2017, 50 million shares of the Central Cores International were offered at $480 million, or 1 per cent of its total equity. However, it was sold in June 2020 at $776 million. (2) Mt. Leafling became a partner in the opening of the China Rainbow Semiconductor in January 21 with a new 55nm order to the China Rainbow 12-inch plant. The plant is expected to reach 65,000 crystals per month in 2021.
In the future, companies will take advantage of the benefits of the continent as the largest market and the continued expansion of the nonflash industry. The company’s products will continue to expand to higher-scale, larger-capacity, higher-end applications, such as automobiles.
Demand is strong and supply is scarce, industry supply is in short supply, industry chain companies have increased prices on many occasions, and the company's other business, mcu, is likely to be less productive than expected: as a company based on the fables, the expansion of capacity is limited by the risk of impairment of the goodwill created by the acquisition of micro-conveyors: the company's acquisition of Slim's business goodwill of $1.31 billion.
The recognition of net assets with a book value of $160 million, totalling $1.47 billion, will be tested at the end of each year, and if no group of goodwill assets recovers less than that value, the goodwill will be impaired. Downstream demand will not grow as expected: future nonflash growth will be driven by auto electronics and iot, both of which are currently in place.
An industry is still growing at an early stage, with greater uncertainty. Taiwan’s expansion is stronger than expected: Taiwan’s current expansion strategy is more moderate and does not preclude future changes in the strategy. Wang Fang, Chief of the electronics industry, has worked in Eastern Securities Co. Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investment Co. Ltd., and has acquired the Chinese University of Science and Technology.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.