Forster (603806): eva membrane taps, with great potential for new material operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Three of the top three companies in the country, Foster, Sweck, Shanghai and Yowei, account for more than 70% of the domestic market, and the Fosters account for more than 50% of the market, and the entire domestic market is basically in the country.
The oligopoly pattern. Globally, according to our calculations, the company’s market share has been around 38% since 2010 and, with the rapid growth of the total photovoltaic load, the company’s 2016 project “Current solar cell film production of 160 million square metres per year”
The project was also put into operation, with the company's overall capacity building infrastructure following developments in the photovoltaic industry, and capacity utilization has remained at around 100% in recent years.
• The increase in the white-eva ratio will help to restore the company’s vinyl Maori ratio upwards. Since white-eva-film prices are more than 30% higher than average-eva, and white-based
The company’s basics (update) are about 1.5-3w of high-component power generation, so whiteeva becomes the main pusher of several of the country’s large-scale e-vesm enterprises. The white eeva share is currently less than 5%.
The ratio of white eva membrane is expected to rise to about 30% in the year. As the ratio of white eva membrane rises, the return to the company's overall eva membrane Māori ratio will be a significant increase in the volume of photovoltaic backboard sales after major clients are imported and operations gradually enter.
The company’s luminous backboards are dominated by coating (cpc) fluorinated fluorinated structures. After major customer imports were completed, the company sold 17.2248 million square metres of luminous backboards in the first half of 2017, an increase of 112.48 per cent over the same period last year.
With 40 million square metres of photovoltaic backboard production, the next year is expected to be full. In the field of electronic circuit materials, the company opens another stage of its development. The company has reached nearly 40% of the world's market for e-film products from luminous components.
The marginal utility of continuing to increase the rate of urbanization in the context of the highest levels of urban dominance, both domestically and globally, tends to diminish. As a result, companies have chosen the field of electronic ecclesiastical material, using products such as photo-dry film, aluminium plastic film, and fccl.
This opens up another stage of the company’s development outside of the photovoltaic field. In it, we expect that the photoreser membrane may start to contribute to the company’s performance in 2018. • Profit forecasting: considering that the company’s photovolveva film position is the highest in the world,
White eva's share is higher than the overall eva's Māori rate, and new productions such as the ecstasy membrane are falling; white eva's share is increasing at a slower rate than expected; sibrane formation is being sold. Foster was established in 2003 and placed on the market in September 2014, and the main business is currently a photo-voltaic envelope.
R & D, production and marketing are the leading companies in global photovoltaic encapsulation materialeva and po film. On April 21, 2017, the company formally changed its name from “Fostered Materials Inc.” in Hangzhou to “Foster Application Materials Inc.” in Hangzhou, marking a formal extension of its business from a simple photo-filtration material to a new material.
The company’s main products are photo-voltage envelopes, solar-cell backboards, and so on. As the leading domestic and global market for e-film, the company benefited from a significant increase in the volume of domestic photo-voltage machines, with a significant increase in the company’s q1-q3 harvest in 2017.
2eva vinyl (ethylene) vinyl (ethylene) acetate, polyethylene-polycetic acid.
Abbreviation of the vinyl ester co-polymer. Since silicon contact with the outer glass is very susceptible to damage, a layer of thin film with high permeability, durability and sticky strength must be used at the time of containment.
Polyacetic ethylene, polyethylene, ethylene, ethylene, ethylene, ethylene, ethylene, ethylene, ethylene, ethylene, ethylene, ethylene, ethylene, ethylene, ethylene, ethylene, ethylene, ethylene.
Insulation is good. Resiliency, elasticity, old age, poor insulation.
Due to the sealing insulation of the film in the photovoltaic component encapsulation and the fact that the entire photovoltaic component encapsulation process is irreversible and must guarantee a useful life of 25 years, the film must have high permeability, long-term tolerance, high temperature tolerance,
While the value of the elastic film, the vinyl film, and the back film as a percentage of the production costs of the group (about 3-7 per cent of the production costs of the general photovoltaic component are derived from the eva film, the backboard) is not high, it is a key factor in determining the quality and longevity of the products of the luminous component, which also perpetuates the overall industry barrier to the eva vinyl.
The manufacturing process for elastic film in eva is based on pressure and dynasty, with domestic firms mainly using dynasty, which is represented by Hampshire, Changzhou, Sweck, Shanghai and Yowei, while foreign firms are mainly produced by dynasty, which is represented by Puliston, Japan, and Hanhua, Korea. The ratio of va in the two methods is very different, with va content ranging from 26 to 40% in the dynasty.
The va content in the dynasty ranged from 24 to 28%. This led to a soft, fluid, and relatively low melting point for the dynasty membrane, which was characterized by a high mechanical strength, a high degree of hardness, and a relatively high melting point.
The greater the molecular strength, the greater the mechanical strength, the greater the molecular distribution of the eva, the greater its mobility, the wider its sub-distribution, and the better its processing performance; the higher the va content of the eva, the higher the va content, the smaller the crystallization, the better the permeability.
The elastic film consists of eva elastic particles, conjunctivants, combinants, UV absorbents, photo-stabilizers, anti-oxygens, etc. The unconnected eva is linear molecules, softened during heat and hardened in cold, so it must be combined to increase thermal stability and prevent welding, battery fragmentation, etc.
Figure 12: The process of confluence of the elastic film of the filtration of the filtration of the filtration of the country, 2.2. The photovoltaic filtration of the filtration of the luminous industry of the country was only represented by the bridgestone.
Imports by foreign manufacturers, after the international monopoly on technology was broken by domestic Foster-represented enterprises, have now been nationalized in large parts of the photovoltaiceva film, but the raw material used — photovoltaic eva resin — still needs to be imported. Due to the irreversible nature of the photovoltaic component encapsulation, there will be a direct impact on quality problems, such as the decline in the evafilm permeability rate.
The efficiency of the components reduces the amount of electricity generated by the photovoltaic plants, so that large component manufacturers, in order to ensure the quality of the plant components and the marketing of the slogans, will be certified for long periods of time before purchasing the eva film, which is why market barriers are equally high in addition to the technical barriers in the eva membrane industry. The three main eva membrane manufacturers in the country today are Foster, Sweck, High.
Hae-wee, three of them account for more than 70% of the domestic market, with the Fosters occupying more than 50% of the market, and the domestic market is largely dominated by a conglomerate. Globally, according to our calculations, the market has been around 38% since 2010 and, with the rapid growth of the total light-voltage machine, the company raised in 2016.
The project “The 160 million m2-a-year solar cell film project” was also successfully launched, with the company’s overall capacity building following developments in the photovoltaic industry, and its capacity utilization has remained at around 100% in recent years. The company’s 50 million m2-a-film production line in Thailand will also be put into operation in 2018, further stabilizing the company’s global market position.
2.3eva's vinyl Maori ratio is at a turning point.eva's vinyl raw material is eva resin, the cost of which is more than 80% of the total cost of eva film.eva resin is a derivative of crude oil and its price is more affected by changes in international crude oil prices.eva resin prices change for companieseva
From historical data, the trend of annual Māori change in the company’s vinyl is largely related to a significant negative trend in the price of the company’s vinyl, but this year there was an unusual decline in the company’s vinyl Māori rate.
The price of the market for elastic film, which is around $7.5 per square metre, has risen by about $0.09 per square metre since the last three quarters, and the downward trend in prices has stopped. We believe that the main factor in the higher-than-expected decline in the company ' s Māori rate is the competitive factor in market share, and the company has been able to stabilize the market rate by actively reducing the Māori rate in the face of a massive increase in photovoltaics.
In a context of stability, companies are expected to move towards a return to the previous normal level of Māori, supported by high-market rates. 2.4 The white-eva ratio rise is another breakthrough in the company’s Māori ratio rise.
Between cells. The white gel has a unique high-reflection feature that increases the refraction rate of the components to solar light and helps to increase the power of the components. The white eva film produced by the company has a photoreflection rate of more than 90% below the 1,100 nm-380nm wavelength and less than 10% below the 380nm-290nm wavelength.
With white eva membrane prices more than 30% higher than average eva, and white eva increasing power generation of components by 1.5-3w to the right, white eva became the main pusher of several of the country’s big eva membrane companies. Against a background of currently less than 5% white eva, as the distribution of photovoltaics and household PVs rise, we judge that white eva gels will grow in the next 2-3 years.
The membrane ratio is expected to rise to around 30%. With the increase in the white eva film ratio, the total eva membrane Māori ratio is 2.5 PV backboards imported into the company and is expected to continue in 18 years. The PVs are mainly used on the back of the solar panels, protecting and supporting the batteries, and need to be reliable.
The company’s luminous backboards are dominated by coatings (cpc) of two-sided fluorinated structures. After major customer imports were completed, the company sold 17,224.8 million square metres in the first half of 2017, an increase of 112.48 per cent over the same period last year.
With 40 million square metres of photovoltaic backboard production, the next year is expected to be full.3 In the area of electronic circuit materials, the company has opened another stage of its development.
Against the backdrop of the world’s highest levels of market power, the marginal utility of continuing to increase the rate further, often for company performance, will gradually diminish. Thus, the company’s choice of products, such as luminous dry film, aluminium plastic film, and fccl, represents the advance of electronic radiance-type materials, thus opening up another stage of its development beyond the luminum field.
Sensordural membrane is a key material for graphical etching in the pcb, fpc industry, which is relatively wet (wetfilm). The photored membrane is capable of producing a polymeric reaction (combined by the reaction process of a single synthetic polymer) that is attached to the plate, thus achieving the ability to block electroplating and corrosion, and thus its quality will have a direct impact.
The company currently has a large number of high-resolution membrane, perforated membrane, and anti-electric plating membrane products. The global market for membrane is now about 10 billion, with the company planning to invest 580 million yuan a year in building 10,000 square metres of membrane production capacity, which will begin to contribute to the company’s performance in 2018.
As a key link to the highest barriers in the lithium-electric chain, the global market for aluminium-plastic film has been monopolized by a few Japanese firms, accounting for about 75% of the world’s market share. But, as domestic demand for diesel-packed lithium is increasing, the process of replacing the national production of aluminium-plastic film is accelerating.
As the country’s aluminum plastics tap industry, its products currently cover mainly the demand for 30 lithium electric power, as well as listed companies in the aluminium plastics industry, such as Ming Optics, Neo-Technology, etc. The country’s aluminium plastics market is now more than 90 million m2 and is dominated by the need for 30 lithium electricity. The two aluminium plastic production lines being built by the company are autonomously developed and produced using domestic raw materials.
With foreign control, we expect the company to produce 5 million square meters of capacity in 2018. fccl (cracking copper) is also called flexible coatings, which are the process-board materials for the production of flexibleprinted circuit boards (fpc).
The fccl is used mainly in a variety of portable high-end electronic products, and the global market space is currently around RMB 4-5 billion. The company invested 180 million yuan in the forward period to build a fccl production line and ancillary facilities with an annual output of 4 million square metres, and we expect that the company will form initially in 2018.
Approximately 600,000 square metres of fccl capacity is produced.4 Company profit forecasting and valuation (1) Global stock of corporate gels has remained stable and the back membrane capacity utilization has increased to 100 per cent.
(2) The company has a steady increase in the Māori rate of the film. (3) White eva accounts for, for example, the expected increase. (4) New products such as the luminous dry film, aluminium plastic film, fccl, etc. are on schedule for production and for sale.
Taking into account the fact that the company ' s photovolveeva film position is the highest in the world and that the white-eva share is higher than the overall increase in the rate, and the assumption that new products such as the radiance membrane will be marketed on schedule, we expect a significant decline in the company ' s eps photovolt additions in 2017, 2018 and 2019;
The Māori rate of the elastic film continues to decline significantly; The white va ratio is rising at a slower rate than expected; The production of the diaphragm is less advanced than expected.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the said securities, which does not take into account the specific investment purposes and financial resources of the persons obtaining the report.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in this report, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.